It worked as soon as I plugged it in - both charging a low battery and keeping a full battery full .	battery	neutral
It worked as soon as I plugged it in - both charging a low battery and keeping a full battery full .	battery	neutral
Cons : the Velcro included did n't have great sticking power .	Velcro	neutral
Cons : the Velcro included did n't have great sticking power .	sticking power	neutral
As mentioned , i would have purchased it on spot , but hesitated primarily because of 128 GB disk drive , Graphics & foot print ( need something that i can use in a confined space ) ...	128 GB disk drive	neutral
As mentioned , i would have purchased it on spot , but hesitated primarily because of 128 GB disk drive , Graphics & foot print ( need something that i can use in a confined space ) ...	Graphics	neutral
As mentioned , i would have purchased it on spot , but hesitated primarily because of 128 GB disk drive , Graphics & foot print ( need something that i can use in a confined space ) ...	foot print	neutral
It takes a little bit to get used to because it is much flatter than the usual mouse , but once you do this one is a no - brainer .	mouse	neutral
K3-loaded , AFX mode - Sound very good ...	K3-loaded	neutral
K3-loaded , AFX mode - Sound very good ...	AFX mode	neutral
K3-loaded , AFX mode - Sound very good ...	Sound	neutral
Sometimes you accidentally trigger the right mouse button when instead you are trying to use a 2-finger gesture.-	right mouse button	neutral
My other battery just died & that my only complaint with Toshiba laptops , but they do & last so much longer than Dell , Acer , etc .	battery	neutral
Pros : Small footprint , fast connection , works great for normal video , network and usb connections .	footprint	neutral
Pros : Small footprint , fast connection , works great for normal video , network and usb connections .	connection	neutral
Pros : Small footprint , fast connection , works great for normal video , network and usb connections .	works	neutral
Pros : Small footprint , fast connection , works great for normal video , network and usb connections .	network	neutral
Pros : Small footprint , fast connection , works great for normal video , network and usb connections .	usb connections	neutral
Sure the hardware is n't high end - the screen is just adequate and the touchpad is clacky and a little small - but none of it gets in the way	hardware	neutral
Sure the hardware is n't high end - the screen is just adequate and the touchpad is clacky and a little small - but none of it gets in the way	screen	neutral
Sure the hardware is n't high end - the screen is just adequate and the touchpad is clacky and a little small - but none of it gets in the way	touchpad	neutral
No I do n't remove the product when the program is active .	program	neutral
I was worried about damage in the shipment , but was pleasantly surprised how well packaged the item was .	shipment	neutral
This is the second one I have purchased as I broke one of the plastic legs on the first one through my own fault , not because of any quality issue of the product itself .	plastic legs	neutral
Another plus is that the Wi - Fi sensitivity range is as good as it gets .	Wi - Fi sensitivity range	neutral
I have a mouse , Razer Nostromo , printer , and 1 tb	mouse	neutral
If however you plan to get a HDMI / DVI adapter and use it as a PC monitor things should be fine .	HDMI / DVI adapter	neutral
These are n't awful speakers , but I do n't think it deserves the high praise that it is getting .	speakers	neutral
If the screen real estate is that important to you , you might consider going to an Apple Store and lifting one for yourself .	screen real estate	neutral
What I do like about them is that there are velcro fasteners that go around the bottom	velcro fasteners	neutral
What I do like about them is that there are velcro fasteners that go around the bottom	bottom	neutral
LTS recognized the device and prompted me to install a Broadcom proprietary driver or open source driver .	Broadcom proprietary driver	neutral
LTS recognized the device and prompted me to install a Broadcom proprietary driver or open source driver .	open source driver	neutral
Easy to swap them and no configuration necessary .	configuration	neutral
Sometimes the usb connection does not work ...	usb connection	neutral
Getting about 2 - 3 hrs out of it with the PC running windows 7 and the power option set to performance .	windows 7	neutral
Getting about 2 - 3 hrs out of it with the PC running windows 7 and the power option set to performance .	power option	neutral
Getting about 2 - 3 hrs out of it with the PC running windows 7 and the power option set to performance .	performance	neutral
My hands are larger so it 's not feasible for me to type an email or work on a document without tapping or rubbing the trackpad and screwing up what I am doing .	trackpad	neutral
Works well with my HP dm4 which came with a 65 watt HP Smart supply .	Smart supply	neutral
I guess the only way you can now get my business is to cut into your margins even more and make darn sure you provide the absolute lowest price possible .	price	neutral
PROS:++ Compatible with many laptop models and brands , particularly older ones++ Included storage pouch makes it easy to keep all the pieces together and minimize the odds of losing tips++ Nice length of 9 . 5 feet when fully extended++ Retractable cabling makes it compact for transport++ 9	storage pouch	neutral
PROS:++ Compatible with many laptop models and brands , particularly older ones++ Included storage pouch makes it easy to keep all the pieces together and minimize the odds of losing tips++ Nice length of 9 . 5 feet when fully extended++ Retractable cabling makes it compact for transport++ 9	length	neutral
A previous model Speck case that I used with an older macbook pro ( pre - unibody ) had an issue that allowed dust and debris to get between the case and computer and scratch the bottom of my computer	bottom	neutral
The only con that I have with both of these fine lap tops is the fact that they do not come with a start up disk .	start up disk	neutral
If I was using Skype	Skype	neutral
I replaced the battery , but that did n't solve the problem .	battery	neutral
However , latter is also a disadvantage when trying to remove from the USB port without the cord .	USB port	neutral
However , latter is also a disadvantage when trying to remove from the USB port without the cord .	cord	neutral
Keyboard is fine for me - layout takes some getting used to .	Keyboard	neutral
Keyboard is fine for me - layout takes some getting used to .	layout	neutral
You 're much better off getting a 4 - 5 dollar chinese dongle on amazon , and getting 4 different kinds for the price of this , then throwing them away as they work about as well as rocketfish 's .	dongle	neutral
You 're much better off getting a 4 - 5 dollar chinese dongle on amazon , and getting 4 different kinds for the price of this , then throwing them away as they work about as well as rocketfish 's .	price	neutral
I was a little worried about buying something so specific as a laptop battery without physically seeing it and knowing for sure it would be the right one	battery	neutral
Wonderful case well worth it .	case	neutral
Its inside dimensions are 11 1/2 by 8 1/2 inches .	dimensions	neutral
The body of the laptop comes with a matte finish that is even impressive as it does n't attract fingerprints and is a stunning design .	body	neutral
The body of the laptop comes with a matte finish that is even impressive as it does n't attract fingerprints and is a stunning design .	finish	neutral
The body of the laptop comes with a matte finish that is even impressive as it does n't attract fingerprints and is a stunning design .	design	neutral
Scroll down to " DisplayLink Manager " and click it once .	DisplayLink Manager	neutral
The Bluetooth pairing is flawless , it does it automatically each and every time , no problems .	Bluetooth pairing	neutral
I note some minimal irregularity inside the plastic ( as it 's transparent you can note this ) , and the fit could be a little better .	fit	neutral
It works well	works	neutral
One thing that I will be looking for is some sort of hardcase for this pack .	hardcase	neutral
Sound is clean with maybe a little less emphasis on the bass than the PX100 's .	Sound	neutral
Sound is clean with maybe a little less emphasis on the bass than the PX100 's .	bass	neutral
so it does n't take up much space	space	neutral
If you 're looking for something small , use the battery that the computer comes with .	battery	neutral
Works great for my little granddaughter , who also uses it for hours of gaming .	gaming	neutral
I highly recommend this mouse for anyone with a Bluetooth capable device that wants a super tiny , portable mouse .	mouse	neutral
I highly recommend this mouse for anyone with a Bluetooth capable device that wants a super tiny , portable mouse .	Bluetooth	neutral
I highly recommend this mouse for anyone with a Bluetooth capable device that wants a super tiny , portable mouse .	mouse	neutral
I only got a 2nd drive for it because I thought maybe the first one went faulty , but I was wrong .	drive	neutral
I was skeptical , as this cost SO much less then the USB cables at retail stores , but it did the job .	cost	neutral
I was skeptical , as this cost SO much less then the USB cables at retail stores , but it did the job .	USB cables	neutral
and then I updated my Windows Performance index ( Win7 pro 64-bit ) and it jumped from 5 .	Windows Performance index	neutral
and then I updated my Windows Performance index ( Win7 pro 64-bit ) and it jumped from 5 .	Win7 pro	neutral
Very Small and Inexpensive camera[+ ] Decent Audio and Video Quality[+ ]	camera[+	neutral
Very Small and Inexpensive camera[+ ] Decent Audio and Video Quality[+ ]	Audio	neutral
Very Small and Inexpensive camera[+ ] Decent Audio and Video Quality[+ ]	Video Quality[+	neutral
Absolutely fantastic - and when you look at the cost ?	cost	neutral
Whether this is a quirk of my particular battery or if that is standard on this battery I do not know .	battery	neutral
Whether this is a quirk of my particular battery or if that is standard on this battery I do not know .	battery	neutral
I would expect a product from 3 M to have the best adhesive qualities and these labels do not disappoint .	adhesive qualities	neutral
I added all mine up and had like 685 watts minimum requirement , so this meant I needed at least a 1200 watt power supply .	power supply	neutral
While the Buffalo Technology may not be the smallest on the block , it appears to be the overall leader in its price range for a 1 TB drive .	Buffalo Technology	neutral
While the Buffalo Technology may not be the smallest on the block , it appears to be the overall leader in its price range for a 1 TB drive .	price range	neutral
While the Buffalo Technology may not be the smallest on the block , it appears to be the overall leader in its price range for a 1 TB drive .	1 TB drive	neutral
TO ADD MORE COOLING FANS ..	COOLING FANS	neutral
However , I purchased the Seagate drives after reading the Seagate hype and even watching a video about how they are fast and easy to install .	Seagate drives	neutral
However , I purchased the Seagate drives after reading the Seagate hype and even watching a video about how they are fast and easy to install .	Seagate	neutral
The material is like memory foam so the Air is very nicely protected .	material	neutral
It does n't hurt that it is put into a package with some seriously sturdy fabric and weather protection either .	fabric	neutral
OS supported :	OS supported	neutral
Also the laptop fan with how it is set to sit on your desk in the degree it has does n't seem too far extreme .	fan	neutral
Lousy wireless network drive .	wireless network drive	neutral
Hardly noticed anything different with the new update but I like to keep track with updates and performance .	performance	neutral
and the second one with a perfectly fine cord but dead fans .	cord	neutral
and the second one with a perfectly fine cord but dead fans .	fans	neutral
It 's as if the plastic was n't cut right , or did n't fit together right when they constructed it .	plastic	neutral
Wireless adaptor works great , best price by far on the web .	Wireless adaptor	neutral
Wireless adaptor works great , best price by far on the web .	price	neutral
Seems slow to start and stop , aggravated by the lack of audible clues of dialup phone connection .	dialup phone connection	neutral
I hardly notice any glare on my bare screen , so this idea really is not needed , in my opinion .	screen	neutral
I tested my wifi using speedtest .	speedtest	neutral
The only hiccups I have with it now is the fact that the magnets are gone	magnets	neutral
Very pleased to see the speed because it is just one more thing completed on a timely manner .	speed	neutral
Once I figured out how to pop the keyboard out ( I used a tiny flat head screwdriver ) as soon as I popped it off and small little black piece went flying out .	keyboard	neutral
but it sure beats using keyboard and mouse .	keyboard	neutral
but it sure beats using keyboard and mouse .	mouse	neutral
Your computer ( like my Dell XPS Laptop ) must have this special type of combo port .	combo port	neutral
Even the speakers sound good for a laptop .	speakers	neutral
The fan hardly ever runs on high now , ( used to run 60 % of the time ) and that saves the battery even more !	fan	neutral
The fan hardly ever runs on high now , ( used to run 60 % of the time ) and that saves the battery even more !	battery	neutral
The sound quality was fine , but found the volume to be not much louder than the iPad 's max volume .	sound quality	neutral
The sound quality was fine , but found the volume to be not much louder than the iPad 's max volume .	volume	neutral
beautiful and good quality and the keyboard cover too looks so nice	keyboard cover	neutral
I also occasionally run another machine in Hyper - V and it works great .	Hyper - V	neutral
Better yet , the old battery died after one laptop charge .	battery	neutral
I 'm 5'5&#34 ; , and the straps work great for me -- although I use the pass - through feature if I 'm also rolling a bag .	straps	neutral
04 LTS and after initial user account creation it downloaded some 350 + updates and legacy driver for the wireless card and things were much smoother .	wireless card	neutral
It is very light and the padding will protect your tablet against bumps and scrapes .	padding	neutral
Not only is it well - padded ( while still being very light and easy for her to carry ) , it also has a HANDLE .	padded	neutral
Not only is it well - padded ( while still being very light and easy for her to carry ) , it also has a HANDLE .	HANDLE	neutral
Quality seems good , fit & finish are fine , it 's solid , I even like the keyboard .	finish	neutral
Quality seems good , fit & finish are fine , it 's solid , I even like the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Good extension for your car charger ... particularly the two USB ports , which work like a charm .	USB ports	neutral
These gaming rigs are just not meant to be maintained and limped along for ever , and the replacement parts for critical components are just as bad as starting over .	components	neutral
Now ... battery life .	battery life	neutral
They ship both caps connected they are kind of hard to get apart at first they do fit fine on my lens and camera .	caps	neutral
Even after doing that , the devcie still only responds to web requests of the 10 .	devcie	neutral
However , the 700 t added features makes it a MUCH better pick for my use .	700 t added features	neutral
All I had to do was install the card into an available PCMCIA slot while the laptop was powered off .	card	neutral
All I had to do was install the card into an available PCMCIA slot while the laptop was powered off .	PCMCIA slot	neutral
Great IPS screen .	IPS screen	neutral
Construction is spot on and does't look like a typical camera bag .	Construction	neutral
No errors in Device Manager .	Device Manager	neutral
The gauge of the cord is thick and feels tough , the connectors are gold plated or something , even the little box the cable is packaged in give off a sense of high quality .	gauge	neutral
The gauge of the cord is thick and feels tough , the connectors are gold plated or something , even the little box the cable is packaged in give off a sense of high quality .	cord	neutral
The gauge of the cord is thick and feels tough , the connectors are gold plated or something , even the little box the cable is packaged in give off a sense of high quality .	connectors	neutral
I do n't recommend it if you 're just a casual user , even if you like the larger screen .	screen	neutral
This has a blue light on it that flickers with drive activity .	drive activity	neutral
I was offered a free additional power supply if I wrote a review .	power supply	neutral
With the screen slid open , it functions as a netbook , but again , it is heavier and bulkier than the original netbooks ( and the battery does not last as long ) .	screen	neutral
With the screen slid open , it functions as a netbook , but again , it is heavier and bulkier than the original netbooks ( and the battery does not last as long ) .	battery	neutral
The antennas are detachable , and use a standard connector ( RP - SMA ) , so you have to option to replace the antennas if you wish to maximize range .	antennas	neutral
The antennas are detachable , and use a standard connector ( RP - SMA ) , so you have to option to replace the antennas if you wish to maximize range .	antennas	neutral
Open the tower , unscrew a pci slot cover , pop this in , screw the thing in and voila .	pci slot cover	neutral
A little flailing with setting up displays up to get 1920 X 1080 to show up on the TV ...	displays	neutral
1080p videos play back from an SD card , no problem .	SD card	neutral
So what , love this cord , the extra 10 ft will come in handy when I least expect it ( I 'm sure ) .	cord	neutral
Yet , its slow as can be with an i7 processor .	i7 processor	neutral
This was what I was looking for , very simple , no USB fans or anything like that ... but it really is not wide enough and the laptop seems a little unstable on it .	USB fans	neutral
So I replaced it with this high quality , but inexpensive cable .	cable	neutral
The wires inside got detached from both ends , because when I packed the cable to put in my bag the wires were moving inside the plastic wrapping ( I literally took the whole cable apart and checked after the third one stopped working).I was looking for a quality cable	wires	neutral
The wires inside got detached from both ends , because when I packed the cable to put in my bag the wires were moving inside the plastic wrapping ( I literally took the whole cable apart and checked after the third one stopped working).I was looking for a quality cable	cable	neutral
The wires inside got detached from both ends , because when I packed the cable to put in my bag the wires were moving inside the plastic wrapping ( I literally took the whole cable apart and checked after the third one stopped working).I was looking for a quality cable	cable	neutral
i use emule , bitcomet , and about 4 chat programs and i guess that overloads it & it disconnects ..	emule	neutral
i use emule , bitcomet , and about 4 chat programs and i guess that overloads it & it disconnects ..	bitcomet	neutral
; Sony Vaio ( including its insanely large power brick ) and still keep all of the above in the bag ... with a more snug fit .	power brick	neutral
I think its due to Windows 8 , which is the lightest version yet .	Windows 8	neutral
The speakers are really bad , so you should invest in a home theatre system when you buy this .	speakers	neutral
Just install the drive and push the power button on the back .	drive	neutral
Just install the drive and push the power button on the back .	power button	neutral
He had recently purchased a 7 inch tablet that came without a cover	cover	neutral
It is easy to install ( both physically and the drivers ) , at least under windows7 .	install	neutral
It is easy to install ( both physically and the drivers ) , at least under windows7 .	drivers	neutral
It is easy to install ( both physically and the drivers ) , at least under windows7 .	windows7	neutral
It came but has some issue charging fully .	charging	neutral
Ca n't beat them for the price .	price	neutral
I plugged it into my nearly - dead iPod and it recharged the device and gave me additional play time .	play time	neutral
This same factor , weight , also reflects the fact that it is built of very substantial materials and it will wear very well .	weight	neutral
This same factor , weight , also reflects the fact that it is built of very substantial materials and it will wear very well .	materials	neutral
This laptop is the perfect blend of form and function .	form	neutral
This laptop is the perfect blend of form and function .	function	neutral
the reason i purchased this card in the first place .was to boot from OPERATING SYSTEMS on esata drives .the	boot	neutral
the reason i purchased this card in the first place .was to boot from OPERATING SYSTEMS on esata drives .the	OPERATING SYSTEMS	neutral
the reason i purchased this card in the first place .was to boot from OPERATING SYSTEMS on esata drives .the	esata drives	neutral
No need for a separate software install .	software install	neutral
The product , Rubber Eyepiece Eyecup for CANON Rebel ( T3i T3	Rubber Eyepiece Eyecup	neutral
It is a great charger that fits wonderful and does not get hot .	charger	neutral
Windows 7 Home Premium is great !	Windows 7 Home Premium	neutral
If you want a 5GHZ or dual capability in your device ... make sure you shop for it specifically ... and good luck with that .	5GHZ	neutral
it is designed to have a web of wires hanging out behind it !	wires	neutral
Plugging in my HP Touchpad I went from only 12 % to 23 % charge .	charge	neutral
Very clever construction and the inbuilt USB	construction	neutral
Very clever construction and the inbuilt USB	inbuilt USB	neutral
By plugging in the supplied USB dongle into the PC , I also have wireless PC Speakers !	USB dongle	neutral
By plugging in the supplied USB dongle into the PC , I also have wireless PC Speakers !	Speakers	neutral
The smell will fade away pretty quickly .	smell	neutral
Glass is absolutely clean with no traces of microfiber hairs left behind .	Glass	neutral
No , it wo n't sound like a shelf stereo system , but it does have a deep , rich sound -- impressive for it 's size .	sound	neutral
No , it wo n't sound like a shelf stereo system , but it does have a deep , rich sound -- impressive for it 's size .	size	neutral
Even with the battery the netbook is still smaller than anything else , and now I can go all day w / out plugging in .	battery	neutral
It is durable enough to put up with being in my bag and the cable tucks in neatly .	cable	neutral
You have easy access to all ports and camera openings.-	ports	neutral
You have easy access to all ports and camera openings.-	camera openings.-	neutral
If bought separately , would cost around $ 25 . 2 .	cost	neutral
You are only permitted to make one copy of the restor disk from the computer , uh what happens if something go wrong and it does n't make a good disk , what happens if you break a disk ?	restor disk	neutral
You are only permitted to make one copy of the restor disk from the computer , uh what happens if something go wrong and it does n't make a good disk , what happens if you break a disk ?	disk	neutral
I wanted to use the Smart Sleeve as a travel case - for that it suits my needs nicely .	Smart Sleeve	neutral
As other reviewers found out , you should initially use the CD setup disk .	CD setup disk	neutral
The inner dimensions mentioned with the product do not include the foam .	dimensions	neutral
The only difference is that the 16 incher uses a caching SSD which would make any computer a lot faster , but I did n't expect it to be as fast as my own .	16 incher	neutral
The only difference is that the 16 incher uses a caching SSD which would make any computer a lot faster , but I did n't expect it to be as fast as my own .	SSD	neutral
The flash hard drive makes allows the MacBook to boot and recover from sleep mode very quickly .	flash hard drive	neutral
The flash hard drive makes allows the MacBook to boot and recover from sleep mode very quickly .	boot	neutral
No indicator light to see if it is getting power , I had to put my ear to it to hear it running and feel the fan .	fan	neutral
Most of all , the bag is comfortable on the back and can be carried by the handle as well .	handle	neutral
Pairing is remembered .	Pairing	neutral
Software allows you to program , however worst software of the 3 as programming	Software	neutral
Software allows you to program , however worst software of the 3 as programming	software	neutral
As to the glare on the frame , give me a break .	frame	neutral
But receiving this one was a disappointment because many of the reviews here are misleading about the rear guide fit .	rear guide fit	neutral
Even then , the connection was n't APT - X	connection	neutral
I am giving this 4 stars instead of 5 because the corners of the laptop are left exposed and are not covered .	corners	neutral
Long story short , the block / sequential IO speeds were fine .	block / sequential IO speeds	neutral
; it 's small , effective , and I 've had ZERO signal issues .	signal	neutral
However , the processor / video seem pushed " too hard " by the simultaneous video ( an Adobe Flash stream ) and chat .	processor / video	neutral
I like the small size , but I only it worked with my iphone and Bluetooth headphones ,	size	neutral
Do a search for " mac os x bluetooth audio quality " and you 'll find various discussions and fixes on how to correct it .	mac os x bluetooth audio quality	neutral
Runs a full 1 G as advertised .	Runs	neutral
so you do n't lose a port .	port	neutral
It does however charge my battery , my laptop was dying abruptly	battery	neutral
Purchased for an old keyboard I wanted to use with a new Win8 HP computer .	keyboard	neutral
so I can use it at the lake or where ever I am with a battery .	battery	neutral
REAL - WORLD USETo be honest , I was curious to see what would happen if ignored the instructions .	instructions	neutral
Made sure USB and power plugs were good ..	USB	neutral
Made sure USB and power plugs were good ..	power plugs	neutral
It does rattle a bit from the metal zipper thingys .	metal zipper thingys	neutral
Figured I would see what the cable that came with the card was all about , turns out this is a power supply cable for the card , so one of my two original USB ports on my laptop , now has to be used to power the card , so I have only really achieved gaining one extra USB port .	cable	neutral
Figured I would see what the cable that came with the card was all about , turns out this is a power supply cable for the card , so one of my two original USB ports on my laptop , now has to be used to power the card , so I have only really achieved gaining one extra USB port .	card	neutral
Figured I would see what the cable that came with the card was all about , turns out this is a power supply cable for the card , so one of my two original USB ports on my laptop , now has to be used to power the card , so I have only really achieved gaining one extra USB port .	power supply cable	neutral
Figured I would see what the cable that came with the card was all about , turns out this is a power supply cable for the card , so one of my two original USB ports on my laptop , now has to be used to power the card , so I have only really achieved gaining one extra USB port .	USB ports	neutral
Figured I would see what the cable that came with the card was all about , turns out this is a power supply cable for the card , so one of my two original USB ports on my laptop , now has to be used to power the card , so I have only really achieved gaining one extra USB port .	USB port	neutral
Works great and is easy to use .	Works	neutral
Works great and is easy to use .	use	neutral
The battery is not removable .	battery	neutral
This charger is designed for laptop batteries , so do n't worry about being anemic on the power .	charger	neutral
This charger is designed for laptop batteries , so do n't worry about being anemic on the power .	batteries	neutral
This charger is designed for laptop batteries , so do n't worry about being anemic on the power .	power	neutral
I did dump Norton for another package but that was needed to enhance performance .	Norton	neutral
I did dump Norton for another package but that was needed to enhance performance .	performance	neutral
Used this way , there is padding between the laptop and the cord .	cord	neutral
I won&#8217;t detract from the rating due to that omission since it&#8217;s clearly described as a non - bluetooth keyboard , but wanted to point it out to ensure people know what they are getting .	non - bluetooth keyboard	neutral
the led indicators to clearly show which computer you are switched to .	led indicators	neutral
Formatting the drive took 20 minutes .	drive	neutral
it is perfect size , works great .	size	neutral
it is perfect size , works great .	works	neutral
I&#8217;m overall very pleased with the purchase given the price and the large fan also is quiet to use in an office environment	price	neutral
I&#8217;m overall very pleased with the purchase given the price and the large fan also is quiet to use in an office environment	fan	neutral
I have used many different HDMI cords with the dongle and everything has been smooth .	HDMI cords	neutral
I have used many different HDMI cords with the dongle and everything has been smooth .	dongle	neutral
It works flawlessly , and it makes it so easy take your laptop and run by only disconnecting one cable , insead of needing to remove all the cables going to your laptop , and is even better adapted to simplifying hooking up all your devices back to the laptop upon returning to your home or office .	cable	neutral
This keyboard is soft and responsive to the touch , I would recommend this product to anyone needing a replacement .	keyboard	neutral
1 with i - Blason case still on ...	i - Blason case	neutral
the whole top is mesh	top	neutral
It 's not infinitely adjustable , but has about 8 presets for length ; I found that ample to choose from .	length	neutral
Finall words : Highly recommended for budget minded people who want a cam the gets the job done , if you are looking for an HD cam then try Microsoft HD LifeCam Cinema , which is the best IMHO .	HD cam	neutral
If you need the super - long battery life and not as concerned with weight then this battery is probably what you want .	battery life	neutral
If you need the super - long battery life and not as concerned with weight then this battery is probably what you want .	weight	neutral
If you need the super - long battery life and not as concerned with weight then this battery is probably what you want .	battery	neutral
First off , the drive is housed in a cheap case made of very thin metal and plastic .	drive	neutral
First off , the drive is housed in a cheap case made of very thin metal and plastic .	case	neutral
Simple , effective , and easy to apply .	apply	neutral
This is the one for me an it last as long as the toshiba battery that came with the computer ..	battery	neutral
The other part that did n't impress me was the tiny velcro closure .	velcro closure	neutral
It is also noticeable that I have setup a second monitor ( 24 " Samsung	monitor	neutral
Unfortunately , the NOISY noise cancellation function makes it impossible for me to recommend these headphones .	noise cancellation function	neutral
You can fiddle around with the intel graphics settings to get it looking a little better though .	intel graphics settings	neutral
Initially , the big bezel turned me off , but now I understood why Asus made it bigger than other comparable tablets .	bezel	neutral
It 's a lens cleaning pen , and it includes a retractable brush , as well as a soft chemical cleaning pad for smudges .	lens cleaning pen	neutral
For one , in seconds you can slap in a 4 GB SDHC card and devote it to Vista 's ReadyBoost feature , which functionally speaking , is basically a RAM upgrade .	4 GB SDHC card	neutral
For one , in seconds you can slap in a 4 GB SDHC card and devote it to Vista 's ReadyBoost feature , which functionally speaking , is basically a RAM upgrade .	Vista	neutral
For one , in seconds you can slap in a 4 GB SDHC card and devote it to Vista 's ReadyBoost feature , which functionally speaking , is basically a RAM upgrade .	ReadyBoost feature	neutral
For one , in seconds you can slap in a 4 GB SDHC card and devote it to Vista 's ReadyBoost feature , which functionally speaking , is basically a RAM upgrade .	RAM	neutral
storage for receiver inside mouse is nice feature .	storage	neutral
They 're OK and may fit your budget better .	budget	neutral
* Unlike conventional laptops , the T100 needs to acquire some ( ~10 % ) charge before it starts and is usable	charge	neutral
Right click on a blank area on the desktop , Select ' New - > Shortcut ' , type ' shutdown .	Shortcut	neutral
Seems like it might be because the verticle jacks are almost flush with the slot openings in the case .	verticle jacks	neutral
Seems like it might be because the verticle jacks are almost flush with the slot openings in the case .	slot openings	neutral
The sounds is pretty good most of the time , but I get fuzz during heavy bass sections of Muse which is annoying .	sounds	neutral
The sounds is pretty good most of the time , but I get fuzz during heavy bass sections of Muse which is annoying .	bass	neutral
This was a big let down as a power user with USB 3 . 0 hard drives .	USB 3 . 0 hard drives	neutral
Now , the front end for Windows 8 ( the humanoid to machine interface , what you click on and where you click ) is a pain in the butt .	Windows 8	neutral
It 's fast , and after & # 34;tinkering&#34 ; with Win7 , I have a laptop the way I want it .	Win7	neutral
The uninstallable built - in apps fill up a LOT of the storage of this device , * especially * if you 've gotten the update that adds the enitre bloatware of the Google Apps universe .	uninstallable built - in apps	neutral
The uninstallable built - in apps fill up a LOT of the storage of this device , * especially * if you 've gotten the update that adds the enitre bloatware of the Google Apps universe .	Google Apps	neutral
Design criteria 101 - first day of class -------	Design	neutral
I wished the lid was made out of brushed metal or something similar and not plastic - it cheapens the look of the product .	lid	neutral
I wished the lid was made out of brushed metal or something similar and not plastic - it cheapens the look of the product .	look	neutral
They quickly diagnosed the HD problem , gave me a ticket number	HD	neutral
I already had audio hook - up from my old pc , but I needed a way to hook up my new pc to my tv .	audio hook - up	neutral
Also the latest video , audio , chipset drivers .	video	neutral
Also the latest video , audio , chipset drivers .	audio	neutral
Hard Disk : 5 .	Hard Disk	neutral
THe inside DVD ROM is use condicion , and have manufacture date from 2007 , Do nt work even from new .	inside DVD ROM	neutral
Highly recommended if you need more USB slots .	USB slots	neutral
It would also be advisable to download the latest BIOS to version A10 from the website as mine came installed with version A01 .	BIOS	neutral
Most WIFI adapters slow down when transferring large files over WIFI , but this is almost as good as a 100Mbps port .	WIFI adapters	neutral
I 'll be carrying this as a backup to my main power supply from now on simply for the ability to help others at events and conferences where they 've lost or forgotten their chargers .	power supply	neutral
more becuase its faster and has a bigger screen , just a little dissapointed	screen	neutral
The power and volume controls are easily manipulated .	power	neutral
The power and volume controls are easily manipulated .	volume controls	neutral
I 'd give this 5 stars but when I originally set this up ( with 2 SATA drives ) one of the drives was n't recognized by my computer .	SATA drives	neutral
I 'd give this 5 stars but when I originally set this up ( with 2 SATA drives ) one of the drives was n't recognized by my computer .	drives	neutral
Its side camera access easily allowed me to take out / store my camera without having to put down and open the whole backpack .	side camera access	neutral
Eve windows 8 runs pretty nice on it !	windows 8	neutral
It works great .	works	neutral
For what these cost , they should have that feature .	feature	neutral
The box comes with a soft pouch so you do nt scratch up the shiny screen .	screen	neutral
lights dim when lap top is in sleep mode .	lights	neutral
I bought this for playing games and using Team Speak 3 .	games	neutral
I bought this for playing games and using Team Speak 3 .	Team Speak 3	neutral
Based on experience using 2 of their products , from my experience to date Anker is on the money with what is sought after by people from the mobile accessories market .	mobile accessories	neutral
One fix I considered was replacing the Atheros wireless card with an Intel .	Atheros wireless card	neutral
Every time that touch keyboard pops up on the touchscreen just above the physical keyboard , my mind boggles .	touch keyboard	neutral
Every time that touch keyboard pops up on the touchscreen just above the physical keyboard , my mind boggles .	touchscreen	neutral
Every time that touch keyboard pops up on the touchscreen just above the physical keyboard , my mind boggles .	physical keyboard	neutral
-1 star for not fitting flush with the bottom of the MBP .	bottom	neutral
The battery has a bulge at the base and tilts the laptop somewhat , giving a much more comfortable typing angle .	battery	neutral
The battery has a bulge at the base and tilts the laptop somewhat , giving a much more comfortable typing angle .	typing angle	neutral
Video work via Handbrake is similarly speedy .	Video work	neutral
There are very few visible screws on the bottom , leading us to wonder if they 're trying to dissuade tinkering under the hood ?	screws	neutral
There are very few visible screws on the bottom , leading us to wonder if they 're trying to dissuade tinkering under the hood ?	bottom	neutral
Being able to just use the built in " monitor rest " to prop the screen right in front of me , like a book stand , is perfect !	monitor rest	neutral
Being able to just use the built in " monitor rest " to prop the screen right in front of me , like a book stand , is perfect !	screen	neutral
Anyway , now I have a plain Windows 7 installation on the SSD .	Windows 7 installation	neutral
Anyway , now I have a plain Windows 7 installation on the SSD .	SSD	neutral
Just like the other customer the battery does not fully charge and it stop working within a few charges .	battery	neutral
still no games and no windows Aero due to such a low Windows Experience rating .	games	neutral
still no games and no windows Aero due to such a low Windows Experience rating .	windows Aero	neutral
still no games and no windows Aero due to such a low Windows Experience rating .	Windows Experience	neutral
Pros:-Simple to install - Works as expectedCons:-I ordered two , one for me and one for a friend .	install	neutral
The metal ( Aluminium ) exterior gives the unit a nice look and seemingly better rigidity than similar machines with an all plastic body .	metal	neutral
The metal ( Aluminium ) exterior gives the unit a nice look and seemingly better rigidity than similar machines with an all plastic body .	rigidity	neutral
The sleeve should fit nicely in your carrying case for longer trips and it will protect the exterior of the laptop from scratches and other surface damage that might occur if the laptop is not otherwise protected .	sleeve	neutral
The sleeve should fit nicely in your carrying case for longer trips and it will protect the exterior of the laptop from scratches and other surface damage that might occur if the laptop is not otherwise protected .	exterior	neutral
Connector is much to large to connect to player .	Connector	neutral
If you connect it via the analog connection , you 're not going to get anything like the same experience .	analog connection	neutral
very well - The bag is well made but too snug , also wish I could take the strap off when not needed .	strap	neutral
This case is of the cheapest materials , is VERY fragile , and not worth 1/4 the price .	case	neutral
This case is of the cheapest materials , is VERY fragile , and not worth 1/4 the price .	materials	neutral
This case is of the cheapest materials , is VERY fragile , and not worth 1/4 the price .	price	neutral
There are 2 buttons to adjust the light of the resolution ( hi and low ) , and it seemed adequate in a normally lit office .	resolution	neutral
This is the same technology used on cell phones to allow them to rapidly transfer files or even screen	technology	neutral
Loads of software that I just do n't need .	software	neutral
Asus zenbook and Kirabook keyboard are good too .	keyboard	neutral
There is a longer screw in the surge suppressor that goes through the cover plate and screws into the outlet just as the previous screw did .	screw	neutral
There is a longer screw in the surge suppressor that goes through the cover plate and screws into the outlet just as the previous screw did .	surge suppressor	neutral
There is a longer screw in the surge suppressor that goes through the cover plate and screws into the outlet just as the previous screw did .	cover plate	neutral
For a PC user who simply refuses to buy into the Apple mind - think - cult , this tablet has everything I like about the iPad without the PC incompatibility issues and lack of obvious features that the Apple design gods refuse to incorporate into the iPad ( microSD slot , USB port ( mini port on the tablet and std size port on the keyboard ) , standard USB charger ( separate micro USB port ) , detachable keyboard , etc . ) .	features	neutral
For a PC user who simply refuses to buy into the Apple mind - think - cult , this tablet has everything I like about the iPad without the PC incompatibility issues and lack of obvious features that the Apple design gods refuse to incorporate into the iPad ( microSD slot , USB port ( mini port on the tablet and std size port on the keyboard ) , standard USB charger ( separate micro USB port ) , detachable keyboard , etc . ) .	design	neutral
For a PC user who simply refuses to buy into the Apple mind - think - cult , this tablet has everything I like about the iPad without the PC incompatibility issues and lack of obvious features that the Apple design gods refuse to incorporate into the iPad ( microSD slot , USB port ( mini port on the tablet and std size port on the keyboard ) , standard USB charger ( separate micro USB port ) , detachable keyboard , etc . ) .	microSD slot	neutral
For a PC user who simply refuses to buy into the Apple mind - think - cult , this tablet has everything I like about the iPad without the PC incompatibility issues and lack of obvious features that the Apple design gods refuse to incorporate into the iPad ( microSD slot , USB port ( mini port on the tablet and std size port on the keyboard ) , standard USB charger ( separate micro USB port ) , detachable keyboard , etc . ) .	USB port	neutral
For a PC user who simply refuses to buy into the Apple mind - think - cult , this tablet has everything I like about the iPad without the PC incompatibility issues and lack of obvious features that the Apple design gods refuse to incorporate into the iPad ( microSD slot , USB port ( mini port on the tablet and std size port on the keyboard ) , standard USB charger ( separate micro USB port ) , detachable keyboard , etc . ) .	std size port	neutral
For a PC user who simply refuses to buy into the Apple mind - think - cult , this tablet has everything I like about the iPad without the PC incompatibility issues and lack of obvious features that the Apple design gods refuse to incorporate into the iPad ( microSD slot , USB port ( mini port on the tablet and std size port on the keyboard ) , standard USB charger ( separate micro USB port ) , detachable keyboard , etc . ) .	keyboard	neutral
For a PC user who simply refuses to buy into the Apple mind - think - cult , this tablet has everything I like about the iPad without the PC incompatibility issues and lack of obvious features that the Apple design gods refuse to incorporate into the iPad ( microSD slot , USB port ( mini port on the tablet and std size port on the keyboard ) , standard USB charger ( separate micro USB port ) , detachable keyboard , etc . ) .	USB charger	neutral
For a PC user who simply refuses to buy into the Apple mind - think - cult , this tablet has everything I like about the iPad without the PC incompatibility issues and lack of obvious features that the Apple design gods refuse to incorporate into the iPad ( microSD slot , USB port ( mini port on the tablet and std size port on the keyboard ) , standard USB charger ( separate micro USB port ) , detachable keyboard , etc . ) .	micro USB port	neutral
Perhaps it has some value on some PCs , and so it 's included with all batteries .	batteries	neutral
Henge Dock recommends that you buy either their own DVI adapter or Apple 's to ensure a correct fit , but that 's unnecessary .	DVI adapter	neutral
This cable works great , good quality and looks like it can take punishment as it lays on the floor of my car sometimes .	cable	neutral
The build quality looks good to me and it functions well .	build quality	neutral
The build quality looks good to me and it functions well .	functions	neutral
However I wish they had put a better lip on the bottom edge of the cooling pad - I really do not like the elastic strap as it covers up power button and does not keep the laptop in place .	bottom edge	neutral
However I wish they had put a better lip on the bottom edge of the cooling pad - I really do not like the elastic strap as it covers up power button and does not keep the laptop in place .	cooling pad	neutral
However I wish they had put a better lip on the bottom edge of the cooling pad - I really do not like the elastic strap as it covers up power button and does not keep the laptop in place .	elastic strap	neutral
However I wish they had put a better lip on the bottom edge of the cooling pad - I really do not like the elastic strap as it covers up power button and does not keep the laptop in place .	power button	neutral
Alienware has been around a long time and ( even as a subset of Dell for almost a decade now ) they still produce some of the best stock gaming machines available .	gaming	neutral
As son as I plug the drive into another enclosure they detect immediately .	drive	neutral
As son as I plug the drive into another enclosure they detect immediately .	enclosure	neutral
Made with good material worth to buy it , is perfect in my Toshiba 1 TB hard drive ....	1 TB hard drive	neutral
The display is awful , within a few weeks I had a broken key and several hard disk issues .	display	neutral
The display is awful , within a few weeks I had a broken key and several hard disk issues .	key	neutral
The display is awful , within a few weeks I had a broken key and several hard disk issues .	hard disk	neutral
It 's relatively fast , light , well - lit , quiet , connects well to the internet , and the keyboard is not too cramped and good to the touch .	connects	neutral
It 's relatively fast , light , well - lit , quiet , connects well to the internet , and the keyboard is not too cramped and good to the touch .	internet	neutral
It 's relatively fast , light , well - lit , quiet , connects well to the internet , and the keyboard is not too cramped and good to the touch .	keyboard	neutral
Did n't keep a charge very long .	charge	neutral
My new computer only has a HDMI Port .	HDMI Port	neutral
Then I did a fresh install of a different OS and I am getting the same problem .	OS	neutral
Not to mention that the competitors * do * allow you to completely disable the external graphics adaptor when on battery power , unlike Apple .	external graphics adaptor	neutral
Not to mention that the competitors * do * allow you to completely disable the external graphics adaptor when on battery power , unlike Apple .	battery power	neutral
This is the same item you can buy in a store , but at an excellent price .	price	neutral
The fire has a mini female USB .	mini female USB	neutral
I actually had a black one of these type 2 keyboards and have used my Surface so much that I have worn it out and needed a replacement .	keyboards	neutral
I do n't do a lot of taxing gaming and I run a mid - range video card	gaming	neutral
I do n't do a lot of taxing gaming and I run a mid - range video card	video card	neutral
I called Asus and got a great tech person who simply told me to hold my finger on the start button for a minute .I was so happy to see it boot ,	tech person	neutral
I called Asus and got a great tech person who simply told me to hold my finger on the start button for a minute .I was so happy to see it boot ,	start button	neutral
The zipper is the type that is hard to jam , and the material of the bag is very sturdy .	zipper	neutral
The zipper is the type that is hard to jam , and the material of the bag is very sturdy .	material	neutral
Good keyboard that is easy to dock and undock6 .	keyboard	neutral
Good keyboard that is easy to dock and undock6 .	dock	neutral
BTW , I have had two support experiences with Vonage : the first was dreadful , and the one I had this evening which was very efficient and helpful , save the fact that I now have to _ purchase _ another router if I choose to keep the Vonage service .	Vonage service	neutral
Works great with my mouse .	mouse	neutral
The speakers are as loud as a good sized radio .	speakers	neutral
Very fine small computer , 5 plus hour battery life makes it mobile , good screen .	battery life	neutral
Very fine small computer , 5 plus hour battery life makes it mobile , good screen .	screen	neutral
After pairing , the music was clear and the bass was deep .	bass	neutral
Having Internet Explorer on this is not the greatest .	Internet Explorer	neutral
There is some two finger tap thing you can do with the trackpad but that is n't obvious or natural for me .	trackpad	neutral
However I have had problems with the signal .	signal	neutral
I used to dislike Windows 8 , but my views have completely changed after playing with this laptop .	Windows 8	neutral
Absolute ridiculously fast Safari browser , Chrome takes a while to catch up .	Safari browser	neutral
: The android app store does not have a tablet only section for apps .	android app store	neutral
: The android app store does not have a tablet only section for apps .	apps	neutral
we plugged our old N adapter back in and it worked fine as always . )	N adapter	neutral
Works great .	Works	neutral
Renewed my garmins that had old and weak batteries .	batteries	neutral
I 'm not really sure how the i7 processor works , but it 's basically overkill according to everyone I asked when buying it .	i7 processor	neutral
Loading the Adobe suite and copying files from the main machine was a breeze with the hi - cap SD card .	Adobe suite	neutral
Loading the Adobe suite and copying files from the main machine was a breeze with the hi - cap SD card .	hi - cap SD card	neutral
Wonderful bag , and bonus of chargers inside made it well worth it .	chargers	neutral
I installed a Samsung 250 GB SSD and it 's lightning fast .	250 GB SSD	neutral
And with a 6 pack , I can now keep a cloth with each cell phone , kindle fire , and tablet that we have and always have a clean screen for work or play .	screen	neutral
Its ok for the price .	price	neutral
If the price was close + /-	price	neutral
I also decided to use the Arcsoft Total Media thingy that was part of the package .	Arcsoft Total Media thingy	neutral
They 're easy to charge and it stayed charged for a long time .	charge	neutral
They 're easy to charge and it stayed charged for a long time .	charged	neutral
The USB plug provides a pass - through ..	USB plug	neutral
In effect , you can have a few movies on a flash drive and watch them on the tablet or phone for a low price .	price	neutral
but the reader is still on and using up the battery , ( just shut it off every time).3-	reader	neutral
but the reader is still on and using up the battery , ( just shut it off every time).3-	battery	neutral
Caution , pairing is not instantaneous .	pairing	neutral
But this is what the keyboard dock does .	keyboard dock	neutral
but it was a good quality at the time	quality	neutral
I also found plenty of space for the charger as well as pens , and other small accessories .	charger	neutral
The Escape key is odd because you have to push fn - Esc to make it work , unlike Apple 's which lets you push the button by itself .	Escape key	neutral
Tip : when not shooting , keep zippers down and front when in crowds to make it harder for people to get in the bag without you noticing .	zippers	neutral
This laptop fan mat works good , but is not that great .	fan mat	neutral
It 's a pretty good charger , but the components are loose ...	charger	neutral
It 's a pretty good charger , but the components are loose ...	components	neutral
It boots up in seconds and shoots from website to website with no delay .	boots up	neutral
with the rebate offered at the moment , it 's well worth the price .	rebate	neutral
with the rebate offered at the moment , it 's well worth the price .	price	neutral
I 'd recommend a fresh install of Windows .	Windows	neutral
Does n't charge 99 % of the time .	charge	neutral
The PC has to share my under - the - seat carry - on backpack with food , books , large headphones , art supplies , and various miscellanea .	headphones	neutral
I also did not get any output indication that the HDMI was being seen .	HDMI	neutral
easy to install and very intuitive software .	install	neutral
easy to install and very intuitive software .	software	neutral
Since it 's especially hard to find an adapter that works well with Linux , I highly recommend this one .	adapter	neutral
Since it 's especially hard to find an adapter that works well with Linux , I highly recommend this one .	Linux	neutral
It is hard to tell if it is the parent tablet , or this keyboard , but most of the typing is slow and glitchy and the tablet freezes up often when trying to type for any length of time .	keyboard	neutral
this unit works with USB port and I hope it will able to help me to have a reliable projecting option to a external project .	USB port	neutral
this unit works with USB port and I hope it will able to help me to have a reliable projecting option to a external project .	external project	neutral
Good value for a keyboard and leather case together .	keyboard	neutral
Good value for a keyboard and leather case together .	leather case	neutral
All I needed was an OTG cable to connect this to my tablet .	OTG cable	neutral
The bad thing is that this keyboard was n't made with purely OS X users in mind .	keyboard	neutral
The bad thing is that this keyboard was n't made with purely OS X users in mind .	OS X	neutral
That is to say , in order to press a key , you have to press it a few millimeters below the lever of the material around the keys .	keys	neutral
( e. g. putting in your rolled up laptop cord / power brick )	power brick	neutral
I was not sure whether it was due to this adaptor or some firewall / security setting was causing this issue .	adaptor	neutral
I was not sure whether it was due to this adaptor or some firewall / security setting was causing this issue .	firewall / security setting	neutral
it has the back wall to hold a stylus pen or other stuff , maybe a notebook of some kind .	stylus pen	neutral
Picasa Web / Google Plus have some kinks to work out , but Google is always improving their apps .	Picasa Web	neutral
Picasa Web / Google Plus have some kinks to work out , but Google is always improving their apps .	Google Plus	neutral
Picasa Web / Google Plus have some kinks to work out , but Google is always improving their apps .	apps	neutral
I took one star off because the tolerance is n't as precise as the OEM battery	tolerance	neutral
I took one star off because the tolerance is n't as precise as the OEM battery	battery	neutral
Amazingly slow , just after unboxing , not even install any softwares .	softwares	neutral
Now this would n't be a big deal if the rubber - banding only occurred on the tops and bottoms of webpages , but Apple has also decided to implement it on the SIDES of webpages .	rubber - banding	neutral
I plugged the new drive into the laptop and you could n't tell the difference , except there was more drive space .	drive	neutral
I plugged the new drive into the laptop and you could n't tell the difference , except there was more drive space .	drive space	neutral
No problems with compatibility .	compatibility	neutral
After painfully composing it the first time ( while squinting at this tiny screen ) , the cursor developed a mind of its own and when I attempted to submit my revised review , it instead cancelled out of the edit screen .	cursor	neutral
and you can charge through USB even it the notebook is n't on .	charge	neutral
and you can charge through USB even it the notebook is n't on .	USB	neutral
I 'm not sure if it was covered in the description , but it does have a backlit keyboard	backlit keyboard	neutral
Although a comparable Macbook pro would cost almost $ 1000 more , this laptop is at the high end of the pc range in specs and price .	cost	neutral
Although a comparable Macbook pro would cost almost $ 1000 more , this laptop is at the high end of the pc range in specs and price .	specs	neutral
Although a comparable Macbook pro would cost almost $ 1000 more , this laptop is at the high end of the pc range in specs and price .	price	neutral
and I am avoiding apps that download to the machine ( as much as possible ) .	apps	neutral
The sleeve is a little large for the 15 " MBP ( a good inch or so )	sleeve	neutral
Hopefully one day a new tv will come along that can handle games from the 70 's .	games	neutral
I 've had this for a few months and it runs cool , no problems yet .	runs	neutral
I have slim to medium fingers , yet i had a hard time pressing keys .	keys	neutral
If you use your computer primarily for the Internet , do n't mind rather limited options for handling files when offline , and are n't tied down to Windows or Apple programs , I highly recommend a Chromebook as a primary or secondary computer .	Internet	neutral
Furthermore , the microfiber lens cleaning cloth that is included is almost worth the purchase price alone .	microfiber lens cleaning cloth	neutral
Furthermore , the microfiber lens cleaning cloth that is included is almost worth the purchase price alone .	price	neutral
You could easily make videos with this and then use higher end software to add fancy effects and more .	software	neutral
The cases are all built with excellent quality and they stay locked on at all times .	cases	neutral
The cases are all built with excellent quality and they stay locked on at all times .	quality	neutral
if you prefer ) that is right on top and so easily accessible --- perhaps my favorite feature .	feature	neutral
Right now , I 'm at 84 % remaining battery power and the time estimate is at 5 hours and 14 minutes .	battery power	neutral
Bluetooth devices all work fine .	Bluetooth devices	neutral
Installed the OS and Applications on this one and kept my files on the original drive .	OS and Applications	neutral
Installed the OS and Applications on this one and kept my files on the original drive .	drive	neutral
I have use lightroom off and on before , and never could see how it excels in any way .	lightroom	neutral
I have the nine battery pack on it	nine battery pack	neutral
This at $ 1370 is the lowest price on the internet right now , 10/6/2008 with free shipping and no tax .	price	neutral
This at $ 1370 is the lowest price on the internet right now , 10/6/2008 with free shipping and no tax .	shipping	neutral
It was a little weird hearing the sound of a floppy drive again .	floppy drive	neutral
I think the next flight I wo n't even take my charging cables because I always have more then enough for the entire trip and the flight back .	charging cables	neutral
I did not need high - end graphics for gaming , high - end sound , or a huge screen ( not portable , kills battery).This ASUS meets my needs very well .	graphics	neutral
I did not need high - end graphics for gaming , high - end sound , or a huge screen ( not portable , kills battery).This ASUS meets my needs very well .	gaming	neutral
I did not need high - end graphics for gaming , high - end sound , or a huge screen ( not portable , kills battery).This ASUS meets my needs very well .	sound	neutral
I did not need high - end graphics for gaming , high - end sound , or a huge screen ( not portable , kills battery).This ASUS meets my needs very well .	screen	neutral
I did not need high - end graphics for gaming , high - end sound , or a huge screen ( not portable , kills battery).This ASUS meets my needs very well .	battery).This	neutral
The touch pad is built into the computer top surface below the keyboard .	touch pad	neutral
The touch pad is built into the computer top surface below the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
The major down side is that the HDMI plug on the montior is faulty .	HDMI plug	neutral
Just know that if you 're planning to upgrade your Macbook 13 " , keep one of the original 1 GB sticks .	1 GB sticks	neutral
3 " 1600x900 LED edge lit LCD which is much better than what you usually get for a laptop with a price like this .	price	neutral
Insert this adapter into a USB slot on your computer4 .	adapter	neutral
Insert this adapter into a USB slot on your computer4 .	USB slot	neutral
THIS CASE IS PERFECT .	CASE	neutral
It 's been compared to a sports car , since its about as thick as a USB port towards the front , but slopes up slightly to the rear .	USB port	neutral
I mean with such a great price its hard not go with this case .	price	neutral
The Kensington Pro Fit Mid - Size Right - handed Wireless Mouse is a light , comfortable device that I 'm using with my Toshiba Satellite laptop .	Right - handed Wireless Mouse	neutral
if you have a tight usb port to push into ( you learn to hold the sides awkwardly to prevent this ) .	usb port	neutral
I think it worth the selling price all the way ! !	price	neutral
I would definetly recommend this fan , c'mon it 's only like 4 - 5 bucks , lol .	fan	neutral
My son dropped his phone on his laptop and broke the screen .	screen	neutral
so I decided to skip the installation cd and go directly to the music .	installation cd	neutral
I read reviews , compared specifications , and came down to about 4 laptops .	specifications	neutral
The actual product does NOT have those compartments .	compartments	neutral
Overall , I recommend the NotePal U2 Cooling Pad as an affordable , practical way to cool off your laptop .	Cooling Pad	neutral
It is a gift for a friend and it is actually a very nice color .	color	neutral
More googling suggested installing the latest Atheros chipset drivers for the card ( version	Atheros chipset drivers	neutral
More googling suggested installing the latest Atheros chipset drivers for the card ( version	card	neutral
the grill with the red is very cool , but too bad the buttons are so frustrating , and that the speaker itself does n't seem to separate itself from the 2 , 765 other BT speakers out there .	grill	neutral
the grill with the red is very cool , but too bad the buttons are so frustrating , and that the speaker itself does n't seem to separate itself from the 2 , 765 other BT speakers out there .	buttons	neutral
the grill with the red is very cool , but too bad the buttons are so frustrating , and that the speaker itself does n't seem to separate itself from the 2 , 765 other BT speakers out there .	speaker	neutral
I took the speaker out of it 's stand to make it lower and is easily done and looks fine it you want to do that .	speaker	neutral
I have used this converter flawlessly for quite a few hours catching up on my sporadically missed Bones episodes via Netflix .	converter	neutral
The zipper pull tab broke shortly after the purchase , and it was returned to Costco .	zipper pull tab	neutral
The zipper pull tab broke shortly after the purchase , and it was returned to Costco .	Costco	neutral
Running 2 case fans , a 500 GB HD , DVD drive , and an SSD .	case fans	neutral
Running 2 case fans , a 500 GB HD , DVD drive , and an SSD .	500 GB HD	neutral
Running 2 case fans , a 500 GB HD , DVD drive , and an SSD .	DVD drive	neutral
Running 2 case fans , a 500 GB HD , DVD drive , and an SSD .	SSD	neutral
Frame skipping and audio cuts , will be totally a mess .	Frame skipping	neutral
Frame skipping and audio cuts , will be totally a mess .	audio	neutral
They both turn on and off with the engine , but this one picks up on alternator whine .	engine	neutral
Clean design , light , small .	design	neutral
High power setting for a hair dryer or curling iron motivated my purchase , but my wife said her curling irion did n't get as hot as at home .	power setting	neutral
If you wait a year or more , you might get such changes as awesome Liquid Metal cases of fantastic shapes , Retina Display monitors , touch screens , standard SSD boot drives , 4 G cell networking and the loss of the optical drive .	touch screens	neutral
If you wait a year or more , you might get such changes as awesome Liquid Metal cases of fantastic shapes , Retina Display monitors , touch screens , standard SSD boot drives , 4 G cell networking and the loss of the optical drive .	SSD boot drives	neutral
If you wait a year or more , you might get such changes as awesome Liquid Metal cases of fantastic shapes , Retina Display monitors , touch screens , standard SSD boot drives , 4 G cell networking and the loss of the optical drive .	4 G cell networking	neutral
If you wait a year or more , you might get such changes as awesome Liquid Metal cases of fantastic shapes , Retina Display monitors , touch screens , standard SSD boot drives , 4 G cell networking and the loss of the optical drive .	optical drive	neutral
and I have n't gotten an adapter ( or adapter cable ) yet .	adapter	neutral
and I have n't gotten an adapter ( or adapter cable ) yet .	adapter cable	neutral
I attached the docking station to my computer	docking station	neutral
Colors are clear and very sharp .	Colors	neutral
Either way a good cable , but Not for heavy use	cable	neutral
If you follow the installation instruction , you can easily get it to work in 5 minutes .	installation instruction	neutral
Ultimately , you probably know if the cons are going to be deal - breakers for you , and if you do n't feel that way and are n't scared off by the price , I highly recommend this laptop .	price	neutral
It 's not available on flights , and there is not enough RAM in this unit 16 GB to keep movies .	RAM	neutral
So I ordered this laptop cooler to help cool my laptop when I play games or watch videos on it .	games	neutral
In closing , I have no idea what the performance or value of this thing will be over time .	performance	neutral
In closing , I have no idea what the performance or value of this thing will be over time .	value	neutral
With the slide out tray on this model , it can be a little difficult to load and unload DVDs .	slide out tray	neutral
With the slide out tray on this model , it can be a little difficult to load and unload DVDs .	unload	neutral
Some people posted that the LED 's come on by them selves or in low light , that is not the case there is a switch / slider on the USB cord that lets you increase or decrease the light	LED	neutral
Some people posted that the LED 's come on by them selves or in low light , that is not the case there is a switch / slider on the USB cord that lets you increase or decrease the light	switch	neutral
Some people posted that the LED 's come on by them selves or in low light , that is not the case there is a switch / slider on the USB cord that lets you increase or decrease the light	slider	neutral
Some people posted that the LED 's come on by them selves or in low light , that is not the case there is a switch / slider on the USB cord that lets you increase or decrease the light	USB cord	neutral
Some people posted that the LED 's come on by them selves or in low light , that is not the case there is a switch / slider on the USB cord that lets you increase or decrease the light	light	neutral
I have to say that this little speaker does indeed warrant five stars , considering its size and price .	size	neutral
I have to say that this little speaker does indeed warrant five stars , considering its size and price .	price	neutral
Great price on a pair of flash drives .	price	neutral
I think I will make for a while ( even a better buy than the $ 170 Xbox 360 special ) .	Xbox 360	neutral
After plugging in the tuner , I simply ran the set - up wizard in Windows Media Center and before long I was watching live TV .	tuner	neutral
After plugging in the tuner , I simply ran the set - up wizard in Windows Media Center and before long I was watching live TV .	set - up wizard	neutral
After plugging in the tuner , I simply ran the set - up wizard in Windows Media Center and before long I was watching live TV .	Windows Media Center	neutral
My graphics card was idling in the 80 's ( C ! ) , and 2 GB of RAM just was n't enough .	graphics card	neutral
My graphics card was idling in the 80 's ( C ! ) , and 2 GB of RAM just was n't enough .	2 GB of RAM	neutral
I realize this small Acer is not intended to be a full - on desktop replacement , but the keys do take some getting used to , especially if you use a standard laptop for your day job .	keys	neutral
Response time is instant between computer and TV .	Response time	neutral
It is so light that sometimes the combo falls over backwards .	combo	neutral
5 mm 4 conductor TRRS Male to 3 . 5 mm Microphone Input Jack that will allow ECM microphones to work w/ the iPhone .	Microphone Input Jack	neutral
Towards the end of August my pc would not boot from the drive .	boot	neutral
Towards the end of August my pc would not boot from the drive .	drive	neutral
I do n't know if there is a warranty on this this charger , but since it is an OEM charger , I 'd expect it to have some type of warranty longer than 120 days .	warranty	neutral
I do n't know if there is a warranty on this this charger , but since it is an OEM charger , I 'd expect it to have some type of warranty longer than 120 days .	warranty	neutral
Atheros chipsets are known for excellent range and are typically less prone to connection drops .	Atheros chipsets	neutral
Atheros chipsets are known for excellent range and are typically less prone to connection drops .	range	neutral
Atheros chipsets are known for excellent range and are typically less prone to connection drops .	connection	neutral
Still , for the price it is not bad .	price	neutral
One thing that was killing me was when the admin utility was displaying my AirPort Express .	admin utility	neutral
One thing that was killing me was when the admin utility was displaying my AirPort Express .	AirPort Express	neutral
I find that I like using a mouse better in the Windows 7 mode , and the touch screen better in the UI mode .	mouse	neutral
I find that I like using a mouse better in the Windows 7 mode , and the touch screen better in the UI mode .	Windows 7 mode	neutral
I find that I like using a mouse better in the Windows 7 mode , and the touch screen better in the UI mode .	touch screen	neutral
I find that I like using a mouse better in the Windows 7 mode , and the touch screen better in the UI mode .	UI mode	neutral
As I listen to the sound that comes through this when I play back the voice recordings , there is a very light buzz of noise , but only very slight .	sound	neutral
Having an easy - to - view high - pixel - resolution display to work with is the single most important requirement for me .	high - pixel - resolution display	neutral
If you are playing music / games / videos I do n't think you will notice it , and when the volume levels increase above a whisper you ca n't hear the noises at all .	games	neutral
If you are playing music / games / videos I do n't think you will notice it , and when the volume levels increase above a whisper you ca n't hear the noises at all .	volume levels	neutral
As a desktop hub , it tends to shift as I move the mouse .	desktop hub	neutral
As a desktop hub , it tends to shift as I move the mouse .	mouse	neutral
I was skeptical of getting a case that was n't leather because I thought it might make it look cheap .	case	neutral
I found myself repeatedly looking at the display very closely to see if the sharpness was as bad as I thought it was when looking from a regular distance .	display	neutral
I found myself repeatedly looking at the display very closely to see if the sharpness was as bad as I thought it was when looking from a regular distance .	sharpness	neutral
Holds many different sizes of SD cards and is small enough to carry around with you .	SD cards	neutral
Since most users will use this with a laptop , the software disc is pretty useless .	software disc	neutral
Definite improvement over my laptop 's speaker .	speaker	neutral
Downside is sand gets stuck in the speaker holes and	speaker holes	neutral
Got this at a great price plus free shipping and received it a week ahead of the scheduled delivery .	price	neutral
Got this at a great price plus free shipping and received it a week ahead of the scheduled delivery .	shipping	neutral
Item is as described , it works great so far ( after a few months ) odd shape is a little awkward , but worth it for functionality	works	neutral
Item is as described , it works great so far ( after a few months ) odd shape is a little awkward , but worth it for functionality	shape	neutral
Item is as described , it works great so far ( after a few months ) odd shape is a little awkward , but worth it for functionality	functionality	neutral
This cable solved this problem for me .	cable	neutral
It is the easiest thing to use and I 'm pleased with the functions that it performs .	use	neutral
It is the easiest thing to use and I 'm pleased with the functions that it performs .	functions	neutral
Make use of the Mini - Sd card port .	Mini - Sd card port	neutral
I 'm glad I finally bought this battery .	battery	neutral
I have n't had any speaker problems or hinge problems that some people have had .	speaker	neutral
I have n't had any speaker problems or hinge problems that some people have had .	hinge	neutral
It works , but it is not USB2 . 0 and does n't support a lot of devices .	USB2 . 0	neutral
I have no issues with build quality .	build quality	neutral
I own a number of Anker products , and while I have had zero issues with any of them to date , I believe that I would get any issue resolved with a simple phone call to Anker tech support .	Anker tech support	neutral
So far I successfully been able to store and play 160 of my favorite mp3 music files , Download/ install and store games , and most importantly save and load game data on this memory chip successfully multiple times .	games	neutral
So far I successfully been able to store and play 160 of my favorite mp3 music files , Download/ install and store games , and most importantly save and load game data on this memory chip successfully multiple times .	game	neutral
So far I successfully been able to store and play 160 of my favorite mp3 music files , Download/ install and store games , and most importantly save and load game data on this memory chip successfully multiple times .	memory chip	neutral
I would be willing to pay a few more bucks for a " break - away " breakout connector ( with two pig - tailed female USB sockets , which would not protrude so obstructionately ) and so should everyone else .	breakout connector	neutral
I would be willing to pay a few more bucks for a " break - away " breakout connector ( with two pig - tailed female USB sockets , which would not protrude so obstructionately ) and so should everyone else .	female	neutral
I would be willing to pay a few more bucks for a " break - away " breakout connector ( with two pig - tailed female USB sockets , which would not protrude so obstructionately ) and so should everyone else .	USB sockets	neutral
It feels solid , and it feels ( and looks ) like a traditional leather folio , which is what I was looking for .	leather	neutral
Maybe that 's Windows sloppiness , and	Windows	neutral
Also , I 'm not a fan of the Internet Explorer interface in Win 8 , but again , I can use the traditional interface very easily .	Internet Explorer interface	neutral
Also , I 'm not a fan of the Internet Explorer interface in Win 8 , but again , I can use the traditional interface very easily .	Win 8	neutral
It was explained to me that Windows tries to be clever and remember different combinations of monitors so that if you have a different one at the office , and two different setups at home , say .	Windows	neutral
It was explained to me that Windows tries to be clever and remember different combinations of monitors so that if you have a different one at the office , and two different setups at home , say .	monitors	neutral
It was explained to me that Windows tries to be clever and remember different combinations of monitors so that if you have a different one at the office , and two different setups at home , say .	setups	neutral
BUT , the screensaver does n't work ,	screensaver	neutral
Not only did we get a Micro SD Card	Micro SD Card	neutral
Amazing design !	design	neutral
Needed it to hook up to a Pioneer turntable in lieu of an amp .	amp	neutral
it and updated and installed / reinstalled drivers , went into my device manager making sure my computer saw it which it did .	drivers	neutral
it and updated and installed / reinstalled drivers , went into my device manager making sure my computer saw it which it did .	device manager	neutral
It came on time , fit the computer , and gave it memory .	memory	neutral
When you bought this new trent battery you will give a second air to your laptop , at first sight you will find that this battery could be used for more than 3 hours and it is just great , i reccomend this , only thing	battery	neutral
When you bought this new trent battery you will give a second air to your laptop , at first sight you will find that this battery could be used for more than 3 hours and it is just great , i reccomend this , only thing	battery	neutral
I also have these problems with other Bluetooth equipment .	Bluetooth	neutral
Bewear of cheap imposters , for some reason cheaper flash drives are not always recognized on all computers , but a good quality flash drive WILL be recognized on all modern OS ( to be read , any windows machine after Vista , XP can still be & # 34;wonky&#34 ; )	flash drives	neutral
Bewear of cheap imposters , for some reason cheaper flash drives are not always recognized on all computers , but a good quality flash drive WILL be recognized on all modern OS ( to be read , any windows machine after Vista , XP can still be & # 34;wonky&#34 ; )	flash drive	neutral
It has the same customizable lighting as the keys , and will display game information if the game supports it .	keys	neutral
It has the same customizable lighting as the keys , and will display game information if the game supports it .	game	neutral
It has the same customizable lighting as the keys , and will display game information if the game supports it .	game	neutral
* has two LED indicators , which are of good quality -- indirect , matte light * comes with a quick instruction manual that has everything you need , and is actually written in English ; they even mention the upgrade procedure from a USB 2 . 0	LED indicators	neutral
* has two LED indicators , which are of good quality -- indirect , matte light * comes with a quick instruction manual that has everything you need , and is actually written in English ; they even mention the upgrade procedure from a USB 2 . 0	USB 2 . 0	neutral
I am using it paired w. a B250-XT+ Blueparrot headset for voice chat , using Skype and Yahoo Messenger .	Blueparrot headset	neutral
A big advantage to video on the card is there are NO MOVING PARTS ,	card	neutral
The Video Pack 350 AW is an updated version of the Fastpack 350 but with an AW Cover and a tripod mount .	Video Pack 350 AW	neutral
The Video Pack 350 AW is an updated version of the Fastpack 350 but with an AW Cover and a tripod mount .	Fastpack	neutral
The Video Pack 350 AW is an updated version of the Fastpack 350 but with an AW Cover and a tripod mount .	AW Cover	neutral
The Video Pack 350 AW is an updated version of the Fastpack 350 but with an AW Cover and a tripod mount .	tripod mount	neutral
I next installed the WPC54GX4 card in the PCMIA slot in my laptop .	WPC54GX4 card	neutral
I next installed the WPC54GX4 card in the PCMIA slot in my laptop .	PCMIA slot	neutral
It might be hardware - related , such as a fan that needs to be replaced .	hardware	neutral
It might be hardware - related , such as a fan that needs to be replaced .	fan	neutral
The connection seems fine , and I will continue to use the transmitter .	connection	neutral
The connection seems fine , and I will continue to use the transmitter .	transmitter	neutral
After week or so the battery charges up and holds the charge well .	battery	neutral
After week or so the battery charges up and holds the charge well .	charge	neutral
I appreciate the water bottle holder as well .	water bottle holder	neutral
The fans and outer holes gather dust over time ; just clean it with compressed air-	fans	neutral
The fans and outer holes gather dust over time ; just clean it with compressed air-	outer holes	neutral
The sound is not room - filling by any means , lets not kid ourselves , but it is more than adequate for listening to music at your laptop computer at your desk within 3 - 5 feet from your ears .	sound	neutral
The Macbook shows this battery as being a 4234mAh battery , so nowhere close to what the battery is being sold as .	battery	neutral
The Macbook shows this battery as being a 4234mAh battery , so nowhere close to what the battery is being sold as .	battery	neutral
The Macbook shows this battery as being a 4234mAh battery , so nowhere close to what the battery is being sold as .	battery	neutral
My overall impression of this cover is that its quality is appropriate to the price - point relative to the other covers you can find on the market .	quality	neutral
My overall impression of this cover is that its quality is appropriate to the price - point relative to the other covers you can find on the market .	price - point	neutral
I 'm beginning to notice , though , is that the trackpad may be needing a replacement soon .	trackpad	neutral
No lag while in bluetooth connection , and all keys work , even the music and volume buttons ( great while working at my desk with the phone docked , and not having to go into submenus to change tracks).Thinking about ordering a second for home .	bluetooth connection	neutral
No lag while in bluetooth connection , and all keys work , even the music and volume buttons ( great while working at my desk with the phone docked , and not having to go into submenus to change tracks).Thinking about ordering a second for home .	keys	neutral
No lag while in bluetooth connection , and all keys work , even the music and volume buttons ( great while working at my desk with the phone docked , and not having to go into submenus to change tracks).Thinking about ordering a second for home .	music	neutral
No lag while in bluetooth connection , and all keys work , even the music and volume buttons ( great while working at my desk with the phone docked , and not having to go into submenus to change tracks).Thinking about ordering a second for home .	volume buttons	neutral
Downgrade for the stand and the tiny buttons .	stand	neutral
Downgrade for the stand and the tiny buttons .	buttons	neutral
For a really significant speed boost , I 'd recommend upgrading to an SSD .	speed	neutral
For a really significant speed boost , I 'd recommend upgrading to an SSD .	SSD	neutral
I wish Mediabridge would make the grey backshell around the micro plug a little smaller ( and flatter ) so the plug would fit through the case on a phone .	micro plug	neutral
I wish Mediabridge would make the grey backshell around the micro plug a little smaller ( and flatter ) so the plug would fit through the case on a phone .	plug	neutral
NO BATTERY required .	BATTERY	neutral
This television is a solid value , with the right amount of care put into its design , ( stand , light , input options ) and a superior image to most HD sets I have seen .	design	neutral
This television is a solid value , with the right amount of care put into its design , ( stand , light , input options ) and a superior image to most HD sets I have seen .	stand	neutral
I baught this netbook for my son It performs very good , fast internet navigation .	performs	neutral
I baught this netbook for my son It performs very good , fast internet navigation .	internet navigation	neutral
Also , the monitor 's max resolution is a little low ( 1366 x 768 ) given the size of the screen ( 16 " widescreen . )	monitor	neutral
Also , the monitor 's max resolution is a little low ( 1366 x 768 ) given the size of the screen ( 16 " widescreen . )	size	neutral
Also , the monitor 's max resolution is a little low ( 1366 x 768 ) given the size of the screen ( 16 " widescreen . )	screen	neutral
I 'm using Windows XP and inserted the dongle in a free USB port and was automatically recognized by XP and drivers installed .	Windows XP	neutral
I 'm using Windows XP and inserted the dongle in a free USB port and was automatically recognized by XP and drivers installed .	dongle	neutral
I 'm using Windows XP and inserted the dongle in a free USB port and was automatically recognized by XP and drivers installed .	USB port	neutral
I 'm using Windows XP and inserted the dongle in a free USB port and was automatically recognized by XP and drivers installed .	drivers	neutral
Worked better with keeping my netbook cooler but still worked well with keeping my usual laptop cool when it would sometimes die from overheating while playing games .	games	neutral
If I ever have to buy another keyboard I will definitely be buying from this company again .	keyboard	neutral
I plug this Hub into the full size USB port in the keyboard enclosure , and now have increased the number of USB ports by	USB port	neutral
I plug this Hub into the full size USB port in the keyboard enclosure , and now have increased the number of USB ports by	keyboard enclosure	neutral
I plug this Hub into the full size USB port in the keyboard enclosure , and now have increased the number of USB ports by	USB ports	neutral
The package was delivered on March 15 , 1 month , 1 week and 1 day after shipping ( ordered with Standard shipping speed , paid almost $ 10 for shipping ) .	shipping	neutral
The package was delivered on March 15 , 1 month , 1 week and 1 day after shipping ( ordered with Standard shipping speed , paid almost $ 10 for shipping ) .	shipping speed	neutral
From poor wireless in our back bedroom to near - cabled connection speed .	wireless	neutral
From poor wireless in our back bedroom to near - cabled connection speed .	connection speed	neutral
The brightness is not at all uniform between the center and edges of the screen .	brightness	neutral
The brightness is not at all uniform between the center and edges of the screen .	screen	neutral
* 2 . 5 GHz dual - core Intel Core i5 processor with 4Gb of Memory ( pretty zippy )	dual - core Intel Core i5 processor	neutral
* 2 . 5 GHz dual - core Intel Core i5 processor with 4Gb of Memory ( pretty zippy )	4Gb of Memory	neutral
Not sure if it 's going to work , but I 've just purchased the 3 . 5 mm StereoTRRS 4-Pole M to TRS Jack Microphone to iPhone Adapter .	StereoTRRS	neutral
Not sure if it 's going to work , but I 've just purchased the 3 . 5 mm StereoTRRS 4-Pole M to TRS Jack Microphone to iPhone Adapter .	M to	neutral
Not sure if it 's going to work , but I 've just purchased the 3 . 5 mm StereoTRRS 4-Pole M to TRS Jack Microphone to iPhone Adapter .	TRS Jack Microphone to iPhone Adapter	neutral
My one major gripe is the trackpad .	trackpad	neutral
And , if you are n't comfortable dealing with IDE connectors ( it 's not necessarily obvious which way is up ) , the lack of documentation could be a problem for you .	IDE connectors	neutral
And , if you are n't comfortable dealing with IDE connectors ( it 's not necessarily obvious which way is up ) , the lack of documentation could be a problem for you .	documentation	neutral
The touchpad feels identical to the rest of the bamboo palm rest , and is very smooth .	touchpad	neutral
I was able to use the power strip after it was directly plugged into a 220v adapter .	power strip	neutral
I was able to use the power strip after it was directly plugged into a 220v adapter .	220v adapter	neutral
I have had many replacement chargers and a / c adapters , but most WON'T charge my Dell 1525 .	chargers	neutral
I have had many replacement chargers and a / c adapters , but most WON'T charge my Dell 1525 .	a / c adapters	neutral
The cable lock secures the ThinkPad Mini Dock Plus Series 3 to the workspace ( desk , table , pole , furniture , wall ) .	cable lock	neutral
So small , easy to carry from one room / place to another !	carry	neutral
THE SHIPPING WAS FAST AND WAS	SHIPPING	neutral
Without exaggerating , when the fan comes on , it actually sounds like the jet whine you 'd expect from a plane .	fan	neutral
I bought two of these , one for a Windows XP machine and another for a Windows 8 . 1 machine .	Windows XP	neutral
I bought two of these , one for a Windows XP machine and another for a Windows 8 . 1 machine .	Windows 8 . 1	neutral
The biege color of the case matches the white Kindle nicely .	case	neutral
It 's not worth the shipping and hassle to return this product for that one accessory but is a disappointment .	shipping	neutral
GB iSSD compare to traditional hard drive by itself	hard drive	neutral
In practical use , I do n't find this to be a problem because I 'm getting the same extended runtime that I got on earlier MacBook Pros with 2 battery swaps .	extended runtime	neutral
In practical use , I do n't find this to be a problem because I 'm getting the same extended runtime that I got on earlier MacBook Pros with 2 battery swaps .	battery swaps	neutral
It did take a while for my mom to get used to being limited to basically the Chrome browser , but after learning the ins and outs of Google Drive to replace Microsoft , she is happy with it .	Chrome browser	neutral
It did take a while for my mom to get used to being limited to basically the Chrome browser , but after learning the ins and outs of Google Drive to replace Microsoft , she is happy with it .	Google Drive	neutral
This is a nice inexpensive sleeve for net books and ipad .	sleeve	neutral
You can tweak a few things on Win8 and learn a few quick keyboard shortcuts and life is much better .	Win8	neutral
You can tweak a few things on Win8 and learn a few quick keyboard shortcuts and life is much better .	keyboard shortcuts	neutral
The stickers are awesome !	stickers	neutral
It does n't hold a charge well and does n't play long between charges .	charge	neutral
It does n't hold a charge well and does n't play long between charges .	play	neutral
I like my keyboard to be very close to my legs .	keyboard	neutral
Surprisingly it does n't feel as cheap as its price tag .	price tag	neutral
) Bluetooth has n't been quite as seamless as I 'd like .	Bluetooth	neutral
It came with Vista , a nightmare , but upgrading to Windows 7 make a big difference .	Vista	neutral
It came with Vista , a nightmare , but upgrading to Windows 7 make a big difference .	Windows 7	neutral
The enclosure looks nice , maybe a bit cheap but nice .	enclosure	neutral
The trackpad on the DELL Mini-10 drove me NUTS .	trackpad	neutral
The battery has a good life and the keyboard fully supports the battery of the tablet .	battery	neutral
The battery has a good life and the keyboard fully supports the battery of the tablet .	keyboard	neutral
The battery has a good life and the keyboard fully supports the battery of the tablet .	battery	neutral
It is light , pulls just a little less power than the original adapter , which I keep at home while I use this at work .	power	neutral
This little gem works great in everything I 've tried it in .	works	neutral
Maybe it 's the fact that I 'm converting DVI to VGA to HDMI that 's causing the issues .	DVI	neutral
Maybe it 's the fact that I 'm converting DVI to VGA to HDMI that 's causing the issues .	VGA	neutral
Maybe it 's the fact that I 'm converting DVI to VGA to HDMI that 's causing the issues .	HDMI	neutral
The program and apps are very responsive without any lag whatsoever .	program and apps	neutral
you can use the plug in adapter or even better just put in 1 tripple A battery .	plug in adapter	neutral
you can use the plug in adapter or even better just put in 1 tripple A battery .	battery	neutral
For business use I would have liked to have seen a fingerprint scanner , but no loss .	fingerprint scanner	neutral
There is enough room for cords .	cords	neutral
My desktop burned through two other power supplies .	power supplies	neutral
Bought this to try and trouble shoot what was wrong with my computer , I left my laptop in my trunk for about a week and it killed my old stock battery .	battery	neutral
so you end up running on the battery without knowing it .	battery	neutral
their is no Netflix streaming still on the android app for this thing , just like the others .	Netflix streaming	neutral
their is no Netflix streaming still on the android app for this thing , just like the others .	android app	neutral
I had recently purchased a different case that was larger than I had thought it would be .	case	neutral
I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for inexpensive yet good sounding computer speakers .	speakers	neutral
The power plug on the left .	power plug	neutral
I would recomend this memory to Mac users .	memory	neutral
Windows will NOT load if you connect your external DVD to the USB 3 . 0 port , as the PXE does not recognize the port and you will get errors about missing drivers and you will not see the SSD drive .	Windows	neutral
Windows will NOT load if you connect your external DVD to the USB 3 . 0 port , as the PXE does not recognize the port and you will get errors about missing drivers and you will not see the SSD drive .	external DVD	neutral
Windows will NOT load if you connect your external DVD to the USB 3 . 0 port , as the PXE does not recognize the port and you will get errors about missing drivers and you will not see the SSD drive .	USB 3 . 0 port	neutral
Windows will NOT load if you connect your external DVD to the USB 3 . 0 port , as the PXE does not recognize the port and you will get errors about missing drivers and you will not see the SSD drive .	port	neutral
Windows will NOT load if you connect your external DVD to the USB 3 . 0 port , as the PXE does not recognize the port and you will get errors about missing drivers and you will not see the SSD drive .	drivers	neutral
Windows will NOT load if you connect your external DVD to the USB 3 . 0 port , as the PXE does not recognize the port and you will get errors about missing drivers and you will not see the SSD drive .	SSD drive	neutral
With the hard drive installed , performance was certainly passable , but you could feel it chugging away .	hard drive	neutral
With the hard drive installed , performance was certainly passable , but you could feel it chugging away .	performance	neutral
It would shut off after about 15 to 20 minutes of playing time .	playing time	neutral
I bought this straight from Amazon with free shipping .	shipping	neutral
I just got this today , and it works great .	works	neutral
The low price does n't mean lesser quality .	price	neutral
The low price does n't mean lesser quality .	quality	neutral
For one , this is a tablet - style cord : it has a wall wart and a cable that connects to the system .	wall wart	neutral
For one , this is a tablet - style cord : it has a wall wart and a cable that connects to the system .	cable	neutral
For one , this is a tablet - style cord : it has a wall wart and a cable that connects to the system .	system	neutral
The fact that I 'm currently in possession of three nearly identical looking PNY USB drives of varying capacity is a testament to how closely this drive meets my specifications .	USB drives	neutral
The fact that I 'm currently in possession of three nearly identical looking PNY USB drives of varying capacity is a testament to how closely this drive meets my specifications .	capacity	neutral
You 'll need to disable Fast Boot / POST and Secure Boot and change the mode from UEFI to CSM .	Boot / POST	neutral
You 'll need to disable Fast Boot / POST and Secure Boot and change the mode from UEFI to CSM .	Boot	neutral
As with any new computer , you may want to uninstall all the crap software that is pre - installed .	software	neutral
so I used one of the loops on that lens cap ... perfect !	lens cap	neutral
The overall build of this netbook feels very solid and keyboard is firm , no flex .	build	neutral
The overall build of this netbook feels very solid and keyboard is firm , no flex .	keyboard	neutral
The delivery and installation was very professional .	delivery	neutral
i have no complaints , its compatible in voltage and watts .	voltage	neutral
i have no complaints , its compatible in voltage and watts .	watts	neutral
You will have to go with the Acer supplied drivers , supposedly .	Acer supplied drivers	neutral
The E5 does not have enough power to blow out my eardrums but that 's okay with me ( tinnitus runs in my family . )	E5	neutral
it works nicely , it is very smallInstalled drivers from online and not cdrange was OK , but only line of sight , does n't go through walls all that well	drivers	neutral
I do n't like the little height knobs on the back of it that stick into my legs when holding it on my lap ... it should have something that folds away when used on a lap ( hence the word LAPTOP).Overall	height knobs	neutral
It also has tons of pockets , zippered and open , which was another criteria .	pockets	neutral
And while its not going to fill a concert hall , it sound is fairly good .	sound	neutral
Strong construction , as good as I 've seen on a pack this size .	construction	neutral
I loaded all my docs and pictures and music on the primary drive , so I have plenty of room for more .	drive	neutral
A lock can be added to the zippers through interlocking holes .	zippers	neutral
ROUND 1I installed the Oyen ExpressCard USB 3 . 0	Oyen ExpressCard USB 3 . 0	neutral
Also my livingroom is 13 by 15 and a bit old fashioned , but this 40 " lcd tv seems much smaller than the old 35 " tv and is barely noticeable despite the shiny black frame	frame	neutral
V7 backpack is very roomy and has a nice number of pockets .	pockets	neutral
Using the standard software out there did allow me to play the movie , but it was not a first class experience .	standard software	neutral
For quite some time , I have been using an old Soundblaster Audigy 2 value card in my PC .	Soundblaster	neutral
and I hate the way some of the TSA people handle your notebooks .	TSA people	neutral
Really , the only thing that irks me is when I 'm watching a video on youtube and the audio will stutter .	audio	neutral
So I decided to give the automatic configuration a try .	automatic configuration	neutral
so I 'm not worried if one pops up during the warranty period ( 3 yrs).6 .	warranty period	neutral
It 's actually two 750 GB drives .	750 GB drives	neutral
Here 's what a reviewer from The Register has to say on this exact subject , " As always , there are numerous build - to - order options , including an i7 processor running at 1 .	i7 processor	neutral
They should have kept Windows 7 and just added the touch screen .	Windows 7	neutral
They should have kept Windows 7 and just added the touch screen .	touch screen	neutral
The light changed from red to green ( signaling a change from 720P to 1080P ) , but would not change back .	light	neutral
Separate zippered document compartment fits small file folders or magazines , but is limited to 10 . 2 " documents and reading material without folding the paper ( most document papers and magazines are 8 .	zippered	neutral
You have made an utterly useless wireless Mouse / Keyboard combo .	wireless Mouse / Keyboard	neutral
I can live with low screen resolution ...	screen resolution	neutral
home does not support dual processors .	processors	neutral
If you 're willing to treat this one with kid gloves and maybe not open or close it too much ( the hinges ca n't take even a few months of normal wear and tear ) , then it is a fairly nice machine .	hinges	neutral
The wireless reception speed is also pretty terrible .	wireless reception speed	neutral
Two USB ports allow for connecting your iPod , external USB hard drive , USB Superdrive , printer , or whatever other USB device you might have .	USB ports	neutral
Two USB ports allow for connecting your iPod , external USB hard drive , USB Superdrive , printer , or whatever other USB device you might have .	external USB hard drive	neutral
Two USB ports allow for connecting your iPod , external USB hard drive , USB Superdrive , printer , or whatever other USB device you might have .	USB Superdrive	neutral
Two USB ports allow for connecting your iPod , external USB hard drive , USB Superdrive , printer , or whatever other USB device you might have .	USB	neutral
I use to connect my Galaxy phone to a USB connector or to plug in a USB storage device and will be getting one for a few other devices I have .	USB connector	neutral
I use to connect my Galaxy phone to a USB connector or to plug in a USB storage device and will be getting one for a few other devices I have .	USB storage device	neutral
The case is semi - rigid and seems well constructed .	case	neutral
The number one advantage of this is lower TDP ( low wattage ) , which means longer battery life for the notebook .	TDP	neutral
The number one advantage of this is lower TDP ( low wattage ) , which means longer battery life for the notebook .	wattage	neutral
The number one advantage of this is lower TDP ( low wattage ) , which means longer battery life for the notebook .	battery life	neutral
This one is much easier to navigate around because of the touchscreen .	navigate	neutral
This one is much easier to navigate around because of the touchscreen .	touchscreen	neutral
After realizing that it was n't going to work I tried to set it up with my Windows 7 Laptop and was successful , however the wireless range on it is not nearly good enough to maintain a connection with my router at 150 feet yet	Windows 7	neutral
After realizing that it was n't going to work I tried to set it up with my Windows 7 Laptop and was successful , however the wireless range on it is not nearly good enough to maintain a connection with my router at 150 feet yet	wireless range	neutral
Nice to show off in Cafes ' while playing the latest BF3-Overall covering layer is smooth to touch , does n't seem to smudge easily ... although if you have a cat like me ... you'll probably end up having some few scratches that is unavoidable.-Keyboard is pretty smooth , no lagging on the mouse unlike some past remars from other reviews .	covering layer	neutral
Nice to show off in Cafes ' while playing the latest BF3-Overall covering layer is smooth to touch , does n't seem to smudge easily ... although if you have a cat like me ... you'll probably end up having some few scratches that is unavoidable.-Keyboard is pretty smooth , no lagging on the mouse unlike some past remars from other reviews .	mouse	neutral
I needed to be able to access the Internet via WiFi during meal breaks and rest stops and at night in my motel room and the Toshiba performed this function well .	Internet	neutral
The user is advised to install the software before plugging in the dock , which means one could not use the dock to get to the Internet in order to install the software .	software	neutral
The user is advised to install the software before plugging in the dock , which means one could not use the dock to get to the Internet in order to install the software .	dock	neutral
The user is advised to install the software before plugging in the dock , which means one could not use the dock to get to the Internet in order to install the software .	dock	neutral
The user is advised to install the software before plugging in the dock , which means one could not use the dock to get to the Internet in order to install the software .	software	neutral
I 'm personally not bothered by the small size of the drawing area , but if you think you might be then I 'd go for a " medium sized " tablet of some sort .	size	neutral
I 'm personally not bothered by the small size of the drawing area , but if you think you might be then I 'd go for a " medium sized " tablet of some sort .	drawing area	neutral
One thing that disappoints me , and the reason for the 4 star rating , is that & # 34;Pinch & Zoom&#34 ; on the trackpad is veryunstable .	trackpad	neutral
The performance is about an order of magnitude better than USB 2 , and about three times better than Firewire 800 - i.	performance	neutral
The performance is about an order of magnitude better than USB 2 , and about three times better than Firewire 800 - i.	USB 2	neutral
The performance is about an order of magnitude better than USB 2 , and about three times better than Firewire 800 - i.	Firewire 800 - i.	neutral
You can not access the battery without opening it up .	battery	neutral
The problem with this bag is that the footpad for the tripod holder is very small .	footpad for the tripod holder	neutral
Other than that , it 's a really nice sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
At first , I figure this would be another memory to use for my camera ; but I actually found this memory card works great for my laptop .	memory	neutral
At first , I figure this would be another memory to use for my camera ; but I actually found this memory card works great for my laptop .	memory card	neutral
I have the streaming only and just do not care for a lot of the titles they carry .	streaming	neutral
The connector was NOT a right angle connector as pictured , and would have been preferred .	connector	neutral
This is n't as noticeable in low - light environments , but we also see poor side - to - side viewing , meaning you almost have to look at these dead - on straight to see a good image .	viewing	neutral
They go on like the clear plastic screen protectors do .	screen protectors	neutral
CAnd it 's extremely quiet , with the lighting being very subtle .	lighting	neutral
It 's the perfect size and weight for me .	size	neutral
It 's the perfect size and weight for me .	weight	neutral
You simply connect the receiver to your HDTV or monitor with the included HDMI cable , tuck the ScreenBeam Pro behind your TV and follow the on - screen instructions for wirelessly connecting your laptop or tablet to the device .	HDMI cable	neutral
You simply connect the receiver to your HDTV or monitor with the included HDMI cable , tuck the ScreenBeam Pro behind your TV and follow the on - screen instructions for wirelessly connecting your laptop or tablet to the device .	ScreenBeam	neutral
My buddy has the $ 250 Jawbone and it sounds better , but not 6 times better as the price should suggest .	price	neutral
I tried the Arcsoft Total MediaTheatre software to play a blu - ray disc , and it will only play the first title ( anti - piracy warning ) .	Arcsoft Total MediaTheatre software	neutral
I tried the Arcsoft Total MediaTheatre software to play a blu - ray disc , and it will only play the first title ( anti - piracy warning ) .	blu - ray disc	neutral
The PS07 does n't has this issue at all , moreover you can release the bay covers just by pressing a button without screws .	bay covers	neutral
The battery life would be even better ( 8 hours rather than 6 hours ) if the 5600 amp battery was made available here in North America like it is in Europe .	battery life	neutral
The battery life would be even better ( 8 hours rather than 6 hours ) if the 5600 amp battery was made available here in North America like it is in Europe .	5600 amp battery	neutral
Anyway , before inserting the adapter , you have to first install its software and drivers .	software	neutral
Anyway , before inserting the adapter , you have to first install its software and drivers .	drivers	neutral
It runs in dual channel with the RAM I already had installed .	RAM	neutral
It tracks very fast and takes just a little time to get adjusted to .	tracks	neutral
Fedora recognized the card automagically and auto - mounts any USB flash drive I plug into it .	Fedora	neutral
Fedora recognized the card automagically and auto - mounts any USB flash drive I plug into it .	card	neutral
Fedora recognized the card automagically and auto - mounts any USB flash drive I plug into it .	USB flash drive	neutral
I literally plugged them in and waited about 30 seconds for Windows to load and install the driver .	driver	neutral
so I thought it was worth a try to get a new adapter .	adapter	neutral
However , the design leaves it off - balance	design	neutral
5 . 5 hr battery life .	battery life	neutral
the wires were frayed and coming apart .	wires	neutral
Replaced my original keyboard when it started sticking and missing .	keyboard	neutral
It fits my T60P exactly as the original battery did .	battery	neutral
I have also had issues with the video drivers .	video drivers	neutral
I got this case for my iPad and it 's a great fit even with my Switcheasy Nude case on !	Nude case	neutral
The sound from this item is distinct and has good volume and bass response .	sound	neutral
The sound from this item is distinct and has good volume and bass response .	volume	neutral
The sound from this item is distinct and has good volume and bass response .	bass response	neutral
Sound Quality & Volume : I'm actually impressed with the overall sound quality of these speakers .	Sound Quality	neutral
Sound Quality & Volume : I'm actually impressed with the overall sound quality of these speakers .	Volume	neutral
Sound Quality & Volume : I'm actually impressed with the overall sound quality of these speakers .	sound quality	neutral
Sound Quality & Volume : I'm actually impressed with the overall sound quality of these speakers .	speakers	neutral
My wrists are nowhere near the mouse when I type ! ) .	mouse	neutral
If you already have your life confined within OS X , then upgrading to the Retina Pro will not hurt you at all , and you will have the best laptop on the market .	OS X	neutral
I brought the power supply with me and it made a noticeable difference in the brightness and contrast quality .	power supply	neutral
I brought the power supply with me and it made a noticeable difference in the brightness and contrast quality .	brightness	neutral
I brought the power supply with me and it made a noticeable difference in the brightness and contrast quality .	contrast quality	neutral
Great for keeping in your laptop case ; just as a repair tool for hard drives .	hard drives	neutral
Still the picture is wonderful ( bright , clear , and detailed ) .	picture	neutral
Photo trigger , 2s delay and record / stop buttons work consistently .	Photo trigger	neutral
Photo trigger , 2s delay and record / stop buttons work consistently .	2s delay	neutral
Photo trigger , 2s delay and record / stop buttons work consistently .	record / stop buttons	neutral
First off the size is great .	size	neutral
The cover is light and adds no noticeable weight and is thin so hardly increases the bulk at all , yet provides a good hard shell protection .	cover	neutral
The cover is light and adds no noticeable weight and is thin so hardly increases the bulk at all , yet provides a good hard shell protection .	weight	neutral
The cover is light and adds no noticeable weight and is thin so hardly increases the bulk at all , yet provides a good hard shell protection .	bulk	neutral
The cover is light and adds no noticeable weight and is thin so hardly increases the bulk at all , yet provides a good hard shell protection .	hard shell	neutral
I had absolutely no problems with Sony not " recognizing " this battery replacement , as others have reported .	battery replacement	neutral
XFX+R7870 , so I ca n't really use this for my computer ( If I want three monitors ) .	monitors	neutral
, it 's difficult , but in the end if you persevere you can come up a winner , even in a bad situation like that which I went through with this RAM .	RAM	neutral
I did not do anything too memory intensive .	memory	neutral
These vendor advertised battery life numbers are never realistic , considering they must get them by turning off WiFi , dimming the screen , just leaving the computer on but not doing anything CPU demanding on it , etc .	battery life numbers	neutral
These vendor advertised battery life numbers are never realistic , considering they must get them by turning off WiFi , dimming the screen , just leaving the computer on but not doing anything CPU demanding on it , etc .	WiFi	neutral
These vendor advertised battery life numbers are never realistic , considering they must get them by turning off WiFi , dimming the screen , just leaving the computer on but not doing anything CPU demanding on it , etc .	screen	neutral
These vendor advertised battery life numbers are never realistic , considering they must get them by turning off WiFi , dimming the screen , just leaving the computer on but not doing anything CPU demanding on it , etc .	CPU	neutral
IOGEAR IS A GOOD DEPENDABLE COMPANY THAT MAKES GREAT COMPONENTS THAT WORK .	COMPONENTS	neutral
Software wise	Software	neutral
6 lens and a MB-80 battery pack attached ( may take this off when using this bag ) ;	battery pack	neutral
This is a great little cinema camera , just make sure you get extra batteries and the SanDisk Extreme Pro 64 GB SDXC Class 10 Flash memory card 95MB / s	batteries	neutral
This is a great little cinema camera , just make sure you get extra batteries and the SanDisk Extreme Pro 64 GB SDXC Class 10 Flash memory card 95MB / s	SanDisk Extreme Pro	neutral
This is a great little cinema camera , just make sure you get extra batteries and the SanDisk Extreme Pro 64 GB SDXC Class 10 Flash memory card 95MB / s	64 GB SDXC Class 10 Flash memory card	neutral
Set - up was easy even if you are n't an IT genius .	Set - up	neutral
Another major improvement is the screen .	screen	neutral
I let this battery drain completely about six months ago .	battery	neutral
I first researched which stations I would be able to receive , then I researched how powerful the various antennas were .	antennas	neutral
The battery locks securely into place and seems to hold the charge really well .	battery	neutral
The battery locks securely into place and seems to hold the charge really well .	charge	neutral
A nice piece of engineering that is solid and compact .	engineering	neutral
But then again , this is a hybrid hdd - ssd laptop .	hdd - ssd	neutral
Combined with the native touch pad which I have n't been able to disable , when typing up a report , letter or even a Facebook post , I 'll find that the cursor has suddenly jumped up a number of lines and I 'm typing in the middle of something previously written .	native touch pad	neutral
Combined with the native touch pad which I have n't been able to disable , when typing up a report , letter or even a Facebook post , I 'll find that the cursor has suddenly jumped up a number of lines and I 'm typing in the middle of something previously written .	cursor	neutral
If I connect it to my USB 3 . 0 port instead , but I got the same results again .	USB 3 . 0 port	neutral
I just disabled it and started using the touchscreen for all my pointing needs .	touchscreen	neutral
I had been looking for a wireless card for my desktop that supported 5GHz and after being completely let down by at least 4 other products i came across this one and gave it a shot .	wireless card	neutral
But very magnetic stickable to the case .	case	neutral
Tracks well .	Tracks	neutral
The build quality .	build quality	neutral
I had this exact cooling pad before I bought a new one	cooling pad	neutral
Apparently different colors in this series have different features .	features	neutral
I think the problem is because of the rough finish on the stand , it 's difficult to apply die cut pads and expect them to stay in place .	finish	neutral
I think the problem is because of the rough finish on the stand , it 's difficult to apply die cut pads and expect them to stay in place .	stand	neutral
If you want the best battery lifeon an ultrabook then you should wait for Haswell to be released and possibly wait for the ThinkPad T440s to be released as well.+Storage : It comes with a fast Intel 180 GB SSD that has ~120 GB of free space after doing all the configurations and installing all the windows updates / drivers .	battery lifeon	neutral
If you want the best battery lifeon an ultrabook then you should wait for Haswell to be released and possibly wait for the ThinkPad T440s to be released as well.+Storage : It comes with a fast Intel 180 GB SSD that has ~120 GB of free space after doing all the configurations and installing all the windows updates / drivers .	Intel	neutral
If you want the best battery lifeon an ultrabook then you should wait for Haswell to be released and possibly wait for the ThinkPad T440s to be released as well.+Storage : It comes with a fast Intel 180 GB SSD that has ~120 GB of free space after doing all the configurations and installing all the windows updates / drivers .	180 GB SSD	neutral
If you want the best battery lifeon an ultrabook then you should wait for Haswell to be released and possibly wait for the ThinkPad T440s to be released as well.+Storage : It comes with a fast Intel 180 GB SSD that has ~120 GB of free space after doing all the configurations and installing all the windows updates / drivers .	windows updates	neutral
If you want the best battery lifeon an ultrabook then you should wait for Haswell to be released and possibly wait for the ThinkPad T440s to be released as well.+Storage : It comes with a fast Intel 180 GB SSD that has ~120 GB of free space after doing all the configurations and installing all the windows updates / drivers .	drivers	neutral
There is a USB port and DC	USB port	neutral
I am talking about the regular things for my everyday life , so am not sure how will it perform on other specific programs .	programs	neutral
Only drawback : I can not get the camera 's " special effects " to fully function with Skype .	camera	neutral
Only drawback : I can not get the camera 's " special effects " to fully function with Skype .	Skype	neutral
In the " network " section , it specifies that this model comes with Intel 4965 wifi chipset , which is not the case .	network "	neutral
In the " network " section , it specifies that this model comes with Intel 4965 wifi chipset , which is not the case .	Intel 4965 wifi chipset	neutral
I play a lot of games and it really cooled my laptop .	games	neutral
this thing it awesome , well built and even came in a custom box ( not some cheap package ) , I even ordered a second one	built	neutral
The drives synced very quickly and without any special prompting .	drives	neutral
I purchased 2 of these , installed HDDs , and both work fine , Mac or PC .	HDDs	neutral
Still , it 's a very good price !	price	neutral
This has happened twice to me , and on both occasions using an air blower along the edge of the button fixed it.-	button	neutral
Then after about a month , part of the board went - not only the wireless card but also the LAN card .	board	neutral
Then after about a month , part of the board went - not only the wireless card but also the LAN card .	wireless card	neutral
Then after about a month , part of the board went - not only the wireless card but also the LAN card .	LAN card	neutral
Battery life several times longer compared to larger laptops .	Battery life	neutral
While pressing that button , the pen movement is reduced on the screen , to buy more fine control .	pen movement	neutral
While pressing that button , the pen movement is reduced on the screen , to buy more fine control .	screen	neutral
I received this battery about a week ago .	battery	neutral
perfectly once you know how to correct the flaw with the case separating at the receptacle end .	case	neutral
perfectly once you know how to correct the flaw with the case separating at the receptacle end .	receptacle	neutral
the cons are : intergrated graphics with shared memory , three usb ports , no internal modem , and no cd - rom drive .	graphics	neutral
the cons are : intergrated graphics with shared memory , three usb ports , no internal modem , and no cd - rom drive .	shared memory	neutral
the cons are : intergrated graphics with shared memory , three usb ports , no internal modem , and no cd - rom drive .	usb ports	neutral
the cons are : intergrated graphics with shared memory , three usb ports , no internal modem , and no cd - rom drive .	internal modem	neutral
the cons are : intergrated graphics with shared memory , three usb ports , no internal modem , and no cd - rom drive .	cd - rom drive	neutral
My cats like to chew on the stepped down power cord portion of my adapters .	power cord	neutral
So I sent it back again , and again I got it back with the intermittent battery problem solved , but now the audio is intermittent and I must send it back again .	battery	neutral
So I sent it back again , and again I got it back with the intermittent battery problem solved , but now the audio is intermittent and I must send it back again .	audio	neutral
ca n't think of any for my needs.$5 unstead of $ 150 for a disk doctor -- you win !	disk doctor	neutral
Plug them into a sound system ( stereo at home ,	sound system	neutral
Also , now I can use another old driveI had to backup music and photos .	driveI	neutral
and I can regulate the size .	size	neutral
4/3/2013I was wrong about the installation key .	installation key	neutral
but for what the speaker is intended for it is perfect !	speaker	neutral
I have purchased a few of these for my clients and recently myself and the video / audio quality is bar none the best of any webcam i have used .	video / audio quality	neutral
I have purchased a few of these for my clients and recently myself and the video / audio quality is bar none the best of any webcam i have used .	webcam	neutral
The side pocket is also rather flat and is not the right size and shape to hold a wireless mouse or any other accessory .	side pocket	neutral
The side pocket is also rather flat and is not the right size and shape to hold a wireless mouse or any other accessory .	wireless mouse	neutral
Many different websites state that the vertical bag look is not popular because they tend to have a purse look to them .	vertical bag look	neutral
160 GB HD .	160 GB HD	neutral
Would like to see spare batteries available and a more compact charger .	batteries	neutral
Would like to see spare batteries available and a more compact charger .	charger	neutral
I was actually hoping for a little more out of this , the screen looks ok and this has a hard time reading dvds .	screen	neutral
, I did order this specifically to toss a Linux based firmware on it .	Linux based firmware	neutral
Lest you think that I am totally against WIn 8 .	WIn 8	neutral
The price is very reasonable .	price	neutral
It worked great for two weeks but now only says I / O error and does nothing else	I / O	neutral
Thanks to the subwoofer that 's built into the TV , the sound quality is quite good .	subwoofer	neutral
Thanks to the subwoofer that 's built into the TV , the sound quality is quite good .	sound quality	neutral
It last long and its perfect to use to laptop and desktop solutions .	use	neutral
When it was working , the drive was very fast and quiet , though , so I can certainly understand the high marks people give these drives when they work .	drive	neutral
Setup is to just plug it into a port .	Setup	neutral
it 's really , really cute looking- plug and play , literally - requires no setup or configuration to play , you simply plug the the 3 . 5 mm jack into your device 's audio output- charges off your computer or any standard USB charger- lasts for many hours ( they say up to 8) on one charge- USB charging cable is included- comes with a nice bag where it can be stored and protected from scratches while not in useIn fewer words , it 's the best ' inexpensive ' external speaker	audio output-	neutral
it 's really , really cute looking- plug and play , literally - requires no setup or configuration to play , you simply plug the the 3 . 5 mm jack into your device 's audio output- charges off your computer or any standard USB charger- lasts for many hours ( they say up to 8) on one charge- USB charging cable is included- comes with a nice bag where it can be stored and protected from scratches while not in useIn fewer words , it 's the best ' inexpensive ' external speaker	USB charger-	neutral
it 's really , really cute looking- plug and play , literally - requires no setup or configuration to play , you simply plug the the 3 . 5 mm jack into your device 's audio output- charges off your computer or any standard USB charger- lasts for many hours ( they say up to 8) on one charge- USB charging cable is included- comes with a nice bag where it can be stored and protected from scratches while not in useIn fewer words , it 's the best ' inexpensive ' external speaker	USB charging cable	neutral
it 's really , really cute looking- plug and play , literally - requires no setup or configuration to play , you simply plug the the 3 . 5 mm jack into your device 's audio output- charges off your computer or any standard USB charger- lasts for many hours ( they say up to 8) on one charge- USB charging cable is included- comes with a nice bag where it can be stored and protected from scratches while not in useIn fewer words , it 's the best ' inexpensive ' external speaker	external speaker	neutral
Skype works great with the XPS12 .	Skype	neutral
It has a full number pad on the right side , slightly separated from the main keys .	number pad	neutral
It has a full number pad on the right side , slightly separated from the main keys .	keys	neutral
However , it was joined to the VGA cable a few inches down from each connector .	VGA cable	neutral
However , it was joined to the VGA cable a few inches down from each connector .	connector	neutral
Anybody who has laptops knows the power cord and or the battery has 2 year or so life .	power cord	neutral
Anybody who has laptops knows the power cord and or the battery has 2 year or so life .	battery	neutral
This is not great if you want to do a LOT with it ... we play a lot of video games that play in high resolution and we tend to buy higher end computers as a result .	games	neutral
I can control the volume in the headphones without a single sound coming from the tv itself .	volume	neutral
This little netbook is amazing , booted right up , added memory in just a few minutes , very portable , battery life very good , keyboard not bad .	booted	neutral
This little netbook is amazing , booted right up , added memory in just a few minutes , very portable , battery life very good , keyboard not bad .	memory	neutral
This little netbook is amazing , booted right up , added memory in just a few minutes , very portable , battery life very good , keyboard not bad .	battery life	neutral
This little netbook is amazing , booted right up , added memory in just a few minutes , very portable , battery life very good , keyboard not bad .	keyboard	neutral
In addiition , the included headphone splitter arrived in very poor condition .	included headphone splitter	neutral
The compact size keeps me from packing too much junk when I travel , but there 's room in there for everything I need .	size	neutral
The straps on each side , clip together to keep the backpack cinched up and close to your body for better weight distribution .	straps	neutral
The straps on each side , clip together to keep the backpack cinched up and close to your body for better weight distribution .	weight distribution	neutral
Limited Linux .	Linux	neutral
Pros;-battery charges quickly - runs incredibly quiet and fairly cool for a laptop .	runs	neutral
the part number on it as UM08A31 , but the battery is anything but that .	battery	neutral
Colors are natural and the " Splendid " application allows one to customize viewing almost limitlessly .	Colors	neutral
Colors are natural and the " Splendid " application allows one to customize viewing almost limitlessly .	application	neutral
the included AC adapter or by 6 AA sized batteries located behind a back panel that has a nice and secure turn - lock closure .	back panel	neutral
the included AC adapter or by 6 AA sized batteries located behind a back panel that has a nice and secure turn - lock closure .	turn - lock closure	neutral
anyways , this backpack is LOADED , stitched well , and full of features !	features	neutral
And unlike the original has a 1 year warranty	1 year warranty	neutral
I 've played some games and they run smoothly , all fine .	games	neutral
My only complaint is that the underside is a little hard and I would 've preferred something softer like memory foam or squishy beads .	underside	neutral
But the screen quality just sucks .	screen quality	neutral
I highly recommend this battery and I highly recommend this company , Anker .	battery	neutral
I did not know that they made a external hard drive adapter until the other day and when I saw this I had to get it .	external hard drive adapter	neutral
All it needed was just an additional 1/4 " width on the spine , and this would " absolutely " the best case in the market for anyone !	width	neutral
Since I scrubbed the HD and made Kubuntu 9	HD	neutral
Since I scrubbed the HD and made Kubuntu 9	Kubuntu 9	neutral
If you can get the drivers to work fine , it 's a good product .	drivers	neutral
There is , however , one fatal flaw with the quality control -- there is none .	quality control	neutral
I thought what a great way to give my Mac Book some color .	color	neutral
PROS:-Using the XPAD has significantly reduced both overheating and crashing .	XPAD	neutral
Port ( much faster for devices that support it)- USB	USB	neutral
I was able to do much better in terms of connection speed .	connection speed	neutral
This charger had a lot of potential based on it 's product description but in the end based on my test results , I do n't think it 's worth cost nor can I recommend it .	charger	neutral
This charger had a lot of potential based on it 's product description but in the end based on my test results , I do n't think it 's worth cost nor can I recommend it .	cost	neutral
The battery is working properly .	battery	neutral
The three built - in connector cables are all quite short and are only suitable for charging the device while it 's inside the bag .	built - in connector cables	neutral
The three built - in connector cables are all quite short and are only suitable for charging the device while it 's inside the bag .	charging	neutral
For the price it was def worth it .	price	neutral
so I can access my movies and files from my flash drives ! !	flash drives	neutral
Also , the tablet comes with a nice , weighted pen holder , that sits on your desk , or work area .	pen holder	neutral
These are very powerful , there is always more than enough volume with them .	volume	neutral
I 've found that raising the pad with something can help a bit .	pad	neutral
The function keys work just fine on the iPad Air .	function keys	neutral
My dongle did not come with a CD , but the MS Vista control panel is working great so far .	dongle	neutral
My dongle did not come with a CD , but the MS Vista control panel is working great so far .	MS Vista control panel	neutral
There is no longer a metal logo on the outside of the sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
I 'm not familiar with game consoles	game	neutral
It does exactly what I want , unlike other retractable micro USB cables which only allow you to charge your Kindle Fire , not transfer data to and from it .	micro USB cables	neutral
Luckily my trusty Moto EQ5 cable fits the power jack and is pretty long .	power jack	neutral
This webcam works flawlessly with Google Talk ( the web page version ) , Windows Messenger and Skype .	webcam	neutral
This webcam works flawlessly with Google Talk ( the web page version ) , Windows Messenger and Skype .	Google Talk	neutral
This webcam works flawlessly with Google Talk ( the web page version ) , Windows Messenger and Skype .	web page version	neutral
This webcam works flawlessly with Google Talk ( the web page version ) , Windows Messenger and Skype .	Windows Messenger	neutral
i bought two they will charge but will not go all the way to 100 without unplugging power and then plug back in two different laptops same issue	charge	neutral
Dualcore AVOID at all cost!)______________________________________________________________________________==	Dualcore	neutral
So overall a great replacement battery .	battery	neutral
I plugged in my iPad , and it charges fine but will not sync .	charges	neutral
The sound on this Samsung is tinny and more typical of what you generally hear in flat panels ...	sound	neutral
I bought this one and it works like a charm .	works	neutral
Because this is a free software , as a user you must manually start the scaning process or by buying retail version you 'll unlock the auto scan scheduler feature .	software	neutral
Because this is a free software , as a user you must manually start the scaning process or by buying retail version you 'll unlock the auto scan scheduler feature .	scaning	neutral
Because this is a free software , as a user you must manually start the scaning process or by buying retail version you 'll unlock the auto scan scheduler feature .	auto scan scheduler feature	neutral
First time powering it on took about 20 minutes to configure the options ( language , time , etc ) and self - configure Windows 7	Windows 7	neutral
I will update if this thing goes down but they do claim to have a great warranty program .	warranty program	neutral
In spite of some noteworthy features , the inexplicably poor battery life on the new Acer Aspire V5 - 122P-0863 11 .	features	neutral
In spite of some noteworthy features , the inexplicably poor battery life on the new Acer Aspire V5 - 122P-0863 11 .	battery life	neutral
Allows me to charge my Galaxy Note 10 .	charge	neutral
( Although with classical pieces the bass sounds nice . )	bass	neutral
The mitigating factor in my gripes is that the Mogo mouse is not meant to be a replacement for a home mouse , and this is true .	Mogo mouse	neutral
The mitigating factor in my gripes is that the Mogo mouse is not meant to be a replacement for a home mouse , and this is true .	mouse	neutral
Cooling Pad with Movable Fan2 )	Cooling Pad	neutral
The only drawback is battery life .	battery life	neutral
Yes , the images are sharp and the colors are faithful .	colors	neutral
made well i recommend it has alot of compartments for storage ...	compartments	neutral
from the manufacturer and their relative sales ranking which can change hourly !	sales ranking	neutral
I really do love the backlit keys , as I have a backlit keyboard on my desktop computer and can not imagine going back .	backlit keys	neutral
The other side of the bag has a strap with 3 loops great for other accessories to attach to .	strap	neutral
I say this because it is not mentioned in the advertisement that the 128 MB version is compatible , but it is.]One nice thing about this card is that there is 24/7 tech support available if something should go wrong with it ( or with installation or whatever ) , but I do n't know what could really go wrong with it --I guess that 's why they offer the tech support !	128 MB version	neutral
I say this because it is not mentioned in the advertisement that the 128 MB version is compatible , but it is.]One nice thing about this card is that there is 24/7 tech support available if something should go wrong with it ( or with installation or whatever ) , but I do n't know what could really go wrong with it --I guess that 's why they offer the tech support !	tech support	neutral
I say this because it is not mentioned in the advertisement that the 128 MB version is compatible , but it is.]One nice thing about this card is that there is 24/7 tech support available if something should go wrong with it ( or with installation or whatever ) , but I do n't know what could really go wrong with it --I guess that 's why they offer the tech support !	tech support	neutral
The bass control knob is easy to adjust and is more that sufficient for listening to an iPod or other music player at moderate volume .	bass control knob	neutral
I was looking for a wireless adapter that would n't cause me to lose too much speed compared to Ethernet	wireless adapter	neutral
I was looking for a wireless adapter that would n't cause me to lose too much speed compared to Ethernet	speed	neutral
I was looking for a wireless adapter that would n't cause me to lose too much speed compared to Ethernet	Ethernet	neutral
I bought these being hopeful that they would show some true worth in what they cost but honestly just save for a high end headset	cost	neutral
I bought these being hopeful that they would show some true worth in what they cost but honestly just save for a high end headset	headset	neutral
The quality of the video is n't awesome , but it will give you a good video chat."Night Vision " consists of 6 LED lights next to the camera lens as you can see in the product picture .	LED lights	neutral
I also think the google app store will fill out a bit with time .	google app store	neutral
Good laptop , Fair Pricing , but only four stars because it had a bad battery .	Pricing	neutral
Good laptop , Fair Pricing , but only four stars because it had a bad battery .	battery	neutral
in the pictures it appears to be like a minty green , however , the color has a tad bit more bluish hue to it .	color	neutral
Get your regular corded optical mouse , tape it to your finger and try clicking on something .	corded optical mouse	neutral
The SSD hard drive is super fast , but 128 GB is pretty small .	SSD hard drive	neutral
The SSD hard drive is super fast , but 128 GB is pretty small .	128	neutral
After all that , there is still room for miscellaneous things like a small rocket blaster , small table top tripod , SD cards etc .	SD cards	neutral
From what I read , 1 . 5 to 2 amps were required for an average hard drive , so this supply would give more than enough current as needed .	hard drive	neutral
From what I read , 1 . 5 to 2 amps were required for an average hard drive , so this supply would give more than enough current as needed .	current	neutral
I 've shot with many pro and semi - pro cameras , and I make sure to always use a screen protector .	screen protector	neutral
It is a rubber material and it does stretch and gets tight on the laptop .	rubber material	neutral
I was looking for a adapter that works with Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
At this price , it is a no brainer .	price	neutral
Works flawlessly so far .	Works	neutral
BUT I BOUGHT CRUCIAL MEMORY WITH SIMILAR SPECS	CRUCIAL MEMORY	neutral
BUT I BOUGHT CRUCIAL MEMORY WITH SIMILAR SPECS	SPECS	neutral
We needed more Pacsafe items to make the safetyNet complete .	Pacsafe	neutral
We needed more Pacsafe items to make the safetyNet complete .	safetyNet	neutral
I live approximatley 60 miles from Orlando and I was only able to pick up 1 channel with the supplied antenna , so I connected my cable and It works as it should , picture looks good	picture	neutral
I really like the backupack design that allows both hands free .	backupack design	neutral
Belkin is a reliable company and the other Belkin usb hub I have ( different model ) is equally reliable .	Belkin	neutral
Belkin is a reliable company and the other Belkin usb hub I have ( different model ) is equally reliable .	usb hub	neutral
you can get 1st class luggage for that price	price	neutral
I have been monitoring the temps on my CPU and GPU	temps	neutral
I have been monitoring the temps on my CPU and GPU	CPU	neutral
I have been monitoring the temps on my CPU and GPU	GPU	neutral
The performance is good .	performance	neutral
This is a very functional charger that includes a USB charging port .	charger	neutral
This is a very functional charger that includes a USB charging port .	USB charging port	neutral
The other bonus for me for this is obviously the display , the touch screen , the stability , and the integration with Android / Chrome devices .	display	neutral
The other bonus for me for this is obviously the display , the touch screen , the stability , and the integration with Android / Chrome devices .	touch screen	neutral
The other bonus for me for this is obviously the display , the touch screen , the stability , and the integration with Android / Chrome devices .	stability	neutral
It seemed like a latex like rubber material that it is constructed of .	rubber material	neutral
If you really want to use your TV for reading such find details , then it 's more likely you 'll need to buy a TV that can take regular VGA signals without conversion .	VGA signals	neutral
This little machine is fast and with the ability to use it as a touchscreen we are using it for everything ! ! !	touchscreen	neutral
A lot of folks tout about battery life .	battery life	neutral
Keyboard is good .	Keyboard	neutral
Battery life is great .	Battery life	neutral
Something to consider if you do a lot of mobile app development .	mobile app development	neutral
24MB / S real power	power	neutral
My dell Inspiron due to the factory battery gave up the ghost , this product did not cost a bunch but holds a charge long enough for me to do what I need to get done , would recommend .	battery	neutral
My dell Inspiron due to the factory battery gave up the ghost , this product did not cost a bunch but holds a charge long enough for me to do what I need to get done , would recommend .	charge	neutral
Also computer is showing my VRAM is now 500 mb , when it was 384 mb previously .	VRAM	neutral
This device is extremely useful for those who own a laptop computer or have a system lacking in usb ports .	system	neutral
This device is extremely useful for those who own a laptop computer or have a system lacking in usb ports .	usb ports	neutral
Total BS for a computer of this price .	price	neutral
In a side - by - side comparison , the reported speed for the Edimax was slightly higher when the laptop was close to the wireless router , but as the laptop was moved farther away ( ~25 + feet ) , the Medialink adapter proved to be far superior in maintaining speed and signal strength .	speed	neutral
In a side - by - side comparison , the reported speed for the Edimax was slightly higher when the laptop was close to the wireless router , but as the laptop was moved farther away ( ~25 + feet ) , the Medialink adapter proved to be far superior in maintaining speed and signal strength .	Medialink adapter	neutral
In a side - by - side comparison , the reported speed for the Edimax was slightly higher when the laptop was close to the wireless router , but as the laptop was moved farther away ( ~25 + feet ) , the Medialink adapter proved to be far superior in maintaining speed and signal strength .	speed	neutral
In a side - by - side comparison , the reported speed for the Edimax was slightly higher when the laptop was close to the wireless router , but as the laptop was moved farther away ( ~25 + feet ) , the Medialink adapter proved to be far superior in maintaining speed and signal strength .	signal strength	neutral
I can also put the ac - cord in the side zipper alonmg with some documents .	ac - cord	neutral
The receiver is in a usb port on the right side of my laptop , just next to my mousepad but the nano size keeps it from being a problem	receiver	neutral
The receiver is in a usb port on the right side of my laptop , just next to my mousepad but the nano size keeps it from being a problem	usb port	neutral
The receiver is in a usb port on the right side of my laptop , just next to my mousepad but the nano size keeps it from being a problem	mousepad	neutral
The receiver is in a usb port on the right side of my laptop , just next to my mousepad but the nano size keeps it from being a problem	nano size	neutral
I was replacing a DVI cable with a cheap HDMI - to - DVI conversion plug at the PC end ( which did not work reliably ) .	DVI cable	neutral
I was replacing a DVI cable with a cheap HDMI - to - DVI conversion plug at the PC end ( which did not work reliably ) .	HDMI - to - DVI conversion plug	neutral
On the plus side , Amazon refunded my cost , including shipping .	cost	neutral
On the plus side , Amazon refunded my cost , including shipping .	shipping	neutral
A month later , my case & mobo were installed and I was making connections when I had noticed I overlooked a slight mishap in that my mobo does not have any USB 3	USB 3	neutral
I put back the cheaper Wifi adapter	Wifi adapter	neutral
I 've been using the cable for several weeks and that snug " lock " has n't worn in or lost any of its connectivity .	cable	neutral
I 've been using the cable for several weeks and that snug " lock " has n't worn in or lost any of its connectivity .	connectivity	neutral
After researching online why would not charge battery , found reviews that dell has made some of there systems to not work and charge unless there brand only .	battery	neutral
After researching online why would not charge battery , found reviews that dell has made some of there systems to not work and charge unless there brand only .	systems	neutral
The rotating hinge on the case works extremely well , and feels like it will hold up well over time .	rotating hinge	neutral
It is light weight for the size .	size	neutral
I ordered the 6 ' charging cable for her android phone .	6 ' charging cable	neutral
They are not flimsy cables .	cables	neutral
GREAT extra long Cable for ASUS TRANSFORMER .	Cable	neutral
Work well with Windows Bluetooth .	Windows Bluetooth	neutral
The Screen was really easy to replace .	Screen	neutral
( As far as I can tell , the Sims 3 can make almost any normal laptop crash , so this is actually fairly impressive.)It plays videogames well on medium - high graphics .	Sims 3	neutral
( As far as I can tell , the Sims 3 can make almost any normal laptop crash , so this is actually fairly impressive.)It plays videogames well on medium - high graphics .	videogames	neutral
( As far as I can tell , the Sims 3 can make almost any normal laptop crash , so this is actually fairly impressive.)It plays videogames well on medium - high graphics .	graphics	neutral
The whole thing feels great to use and carry .	use	neutral
I did some extensive research and tried about 5 different suggested drivers before I finally stumbled upon a web site that explained that there was a difference in the cards / drivers depending on when they were manufactured - with the rev .	drivers	neutral
I did some extensive research and tried about 5 different suggested drivers before I finally stumbled upon a web site that explained that there was a difference in the cards / drivers depending on when they were manufactured - with the rev .	cards	neutral
I did some extensive research and tried about 5 different suggested drivers before I finally stumbled upon a web site that explained that there was a difference in the cards / drivers depending on when they were manufactured - with the rev .	drivers	neutral
If I plug my speaker into the same power source as this bluetooth receiver I do get a minor noise loop .	power source	neutral
If I plug my speaker into the same power source as this bluetooth receiver I do get a minor noise loop .	bluetooth receiver	neutral
Free 4 g would come in handy also .	4 g	neutral
I had no problem connecting a mouse or keyboard to my GS3 .	mouse	neutral
I had no problem connecting a mouse or keyboard to my GS3 .	keyboard	neutral
And I expected more volume boost as well .	volume boost	neutral
I 'm toying with the idea of just wiping and reinstalling a clean version of Windows .	Windows	neutral
slow to write , but then I knew that going in .	write	neutral
Ultimately , I wish I would have bought a different hard shell case , but I am using this one ok after my modification .	hard shell case	neutral
Needless to say I never went back to try to new batteries in the unit or remote .	batteries	neutral
If you are in the market for a wide screen 22 " monitor , consider this baby .	22 " monitor	neutral
The pockets are just " O - K " since they are fairly simple and none of them are padded .	pockets	neutral
Much nicer than some of the other micro usb cables I have .	micro usb cables	neutral
Should have bought the Mac though it costs more .	costs	neutral
The sleeve is slightly stretchy , so you could probably fit something else in there with the Netbook if you tried , but I would n't recommend it , as it could scratch the Netbook and defeat the purpose of this sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
Right idea , wrong mouse / company .	mouse	neutral
You need to go to Mac Settings , and turn & # 34;off&#34 ; the laptop - speakers the first time , and activate the external port audio .	external port audio	neutral
I exchanged the Optoma 2 times , and all three had HDMI signal drop issues and one had a dead remote .	HDMI signal drop	neutral
I exchanged the Optoma 2 times , and all three had HDMI signal drop issues and one had a dead remote .	remote	neutral
The iPod battery icon is marked as ' charging ' ( or ' plugged in ' , with a full charge ) and once the battery pack is drained , the normal diminishing battery icon shows.-Battery charger is USB , connects to computer or USB wall outlet adapter .	battery pack	neutral
The iPod battery icon is marked as ' charging ' ( or ' plugged in ' , with a full charge ) and once the battery pack is drained , the normal diminishing battery icon shows.-Battery charger is USB , connects to computer or USB wall outlet adapter .	USB wall outlet adapter	neutral
Special mention was made of the side pockets that double over to provide safe storage for small items such as sunglasses .	pockets	neutral
I absolutely loved the color and the top part was a perfect fit .	color	neutral
Unless you are into spending lots of time to get this device functioning , and are into unix / linux , then do n't even think about buying this .	unix	neutral
Unless you are into spending lots of time to get this device functioning , and are into unix / linux , then do n't even think about buying this .	linux	neutral
Obviously the extended capacity in this battery lives up to BrainyDeal 's promise .	extended capacity	neutral
Obviously the extended capacity in this battery lives up to BrainyDeal 's promise .	battery	neutral
However , signal strength hovered between 20 - 40 % and frequent drop outs meant I had to hit refresh 5 or 6 times to get a web page to load .	signal strength	neutral
Zoomingly fast .	Zoomingly	neutral
I ordered the Asus Eee - PC to try out for our engineering department , which travels a lot .	engineering department	neutral
I purchased this adapter for use with my Plantronics CT 14 , cordless phone / dial pad .	cordless	neutral
I purchased this adapter for use with my Plantronics CT 14 , cordless phone / dial pad .	dial pad	neutral
This card will stop working if the notebook has been on for quite a while and is hot .	card	neutral
The mousepad is adequate , although the placement and engineering of the buttons could have been better .	mousepad	neutral
The mousepad is adequate , although the placement and engineering of the buttons could have been better .	engineering	neutral
The mousepad is adequate , although the placement and engineering of the buttons could have been better .	buttons	neutral
Its a great quality fan , but I have to take off three stars for customer service .	fan	neutral
Its a great quality fan , but I have to take off three stars for customer service .	customer service	neutral
I have over 30 years of experience with computers and electronics and after trying four different operating systems ( WinXP , Win7 , Ubuntu and OSX ) in 32 and 64 bit flavors on four different computers	operating systems	neutral
I have over 30 years of experience with computers and electronics and after trying four different operating systems ( WinXP , Win7 , Ubuntu and OSX ) in 32 and 64 bit flavors on four different computers	WinXP	neutral
I have over 30 years of experience with computers and electronics and after trying four different operating systems ( WinXP , Win7 , Ubuntu and OSX ) in 32 and 64 bit flavors on four different computers	Win7	neutral
I have over 30 years of experience with computers and electronics and after trying four different operating systems ( WinXP , Win7 , Ubuntu and OSX ) in 32 and 64 bit flavors on four different computers	OSX	neutral
In any case , the LED status lights are useless .	LED status lights	neutral
The zip pocket on the side is large enough to accomodate flash drives and an AC charger , although there will be a lump if the charger is large .	zip pocket	neutral
The zip pocket on the side is large enough to accomodate flash drives and an AC charger , although there will be a lump if the charger is large .	flash drives	neutral
The zip pocket on the side is large enough to accomodate flash drives and an AC charger , although there will be a lump if the charger is large .	AC charger	neutral
The zip pocket on the side is large enough to accomodate flash drives and an AC charger , although there will be a lump if the charger is large .	charger	neutral
This is not the network connection .	network connection	neutral
At the price I was not expecting much , but was suprised after installing this .	price	neutral
I wish they would put a zippered flap on the side of the bag for quick access to the camera like on the Lowepro Fastpack or Tamrac Aero Speed Pack .	camera	neutral
Qaality seemed fine and speed was great !	Qaality	neutral
Qaality seemed fine and speed was great !	speed	neutral
The top piece does not fit good .	top piece	neutral
But together ( plus keyboard )	keyboard	neutral
This looks just like the battery it replaced .	battery	neutral
If the packaging and box was n't all banged up , I 'd be keeping it for sure .	packaging	neutral
This SD card works just as good , if not better than the SD cards .	SD card	neutral
This SD card works just as good , if not better than the SD cards .	SD cards	neutral
It 's also solidly built .	built	neutral
6 - 10 . 8 , and this allowed me to fine tune the operation .	operation	neutral
Speaking of the keyboard , I still am not in love with it .	keyboard	neutral
I watch TV in HD with no problems and Streaming video loads up quicker then ever before .	Streaming video	neutral
I was able to charge my tablet & phone without any issues .	charge	neutral
People compliment the simplicity of this product , yet it does so much for the owner .	simplicity	neutral
I also made the mistake of ordering RAM and a case for the netbook at the same time , accessories I have no further need of , so I returned those as well .	RAM	neutral
I also made the mistake of ordering RAM and a case for the netbook at the same time , accessories I have no further need of , so I returned those as well .	case	neutral
but I ca n't use it right now because of some bug that causes Lion to freeze up when Chrome is used .	Chrome	neutral
The thinness really surprised me since my other tablets are at least twice as thick .	thinness	neutral
I do have to use this product often , but that is more a product of my oily finger pads , not the eraser itself .	eraser	neutral
I have tried with other speakers and get the same noise over them too .	speakers	neutral
I was concerned about the screen because some reviews said it was washed out .	screen	neutral
The 2 . 4 gighertz core 2 duo is plenty fast for me .	2 . 4 gighertz core 2 duo	neutral
According to the manual you can daisy chain an unlimited number of this speakers and get a very intense sound .	speakers	neutral
According to the manual you can daisy chain an unlimited number of this speakers and get a very intense sound .	sound	neutral
The case I received had a bright , deep yellow interior which was quite nice with the pink outside .	interior	neutral
Very nice and only set beck is I had to learn Windows 8 which can really suck if you do not take a quick study on Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
Very nice and only set beck is I had to learn Windows 8 which can really suck if you do not take a quick study on Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
The speed with signal strength of 83 % for my location is equally fast as my hardwired Ethernet which is about to get stuffed into a closet and forgotten .	speed	neutral
The speed with signal strength of 83 % for my location is equally fast as my hardwired Ethernet which is about to get stuffed into a closet and forgotten .	signal strength	neutral
The speed with signal strength of 83 % for my location is equally fast as my hardwired Ethernet which is about to get stuffed into a closet and forgotten .	hardwired Ethernet	neutral
I do n't get all goofy on specs and design .	specs	neutral
I do n't get all goofy on specs and design .	design	neutral
I cleaned my keyboard with rubbing alcohol , so CLEAN NOW !	keyboard	neutral
I bought this memory for my new Macbook Pro 15 in i7	memory	neutral
RPM hard drives , for years upon years I have always upgraded my hard drives in my laptops and play stations because I always want to have the fastest load speeds .	RPM hard drives	neutral
RPM hard drives , for years upon years I have always upgraded my hard drives in my laptops and play stations because I always want to have the fastest load speeds .	hard drives	neutral
RPM hard drives , for years upon years I have always upgraded my hard drives in my laptops and play stations because I always want to have the fastest load speeds .	load speeds	neutral
If you want to compile and run your own programs , install the include XCode tools , which comes with gcc compilers and X11 ( xwindows server ) .	programs	neutral
If you want to compile and run your own programs , install the include XCode tools , which comes with gcc compilers and X11 ( xwindows server ) .	XCode tools	neutral
If you want to compile and run your own programs , install the include XCode tools , which comes with gcc compilers and X11 ( xwindows server ) .	gcc compilers	neutral
If you want to compile and run your own programs , install the include XCode tools , which comes with gcc compilers and X11 ( xwindows server ) .	X11	neutral
If you want to compile and run your own programs , install the include XCode tools , which comes with gcc compilers and X11 ( xwindows server ) .	xwindows server	neutral
This Mac has performed flawless since day one , no crashes , no frozen screens , no hard drive sounds or fan noises .	performed	neutral
This Mac has performed flawless since day one , no crashes , no frozen screens , no hard drive sounds or fan noises .	screens	neutral
This Mac has performed flawless since day one , no crashes , no frozen screens , no hard drive sounds or fan noises .	hard drive sounds	neutral
This Mac has performed flawless since day one , no crashes , no frozen screens , no hard drive sounds or fan noises .	fan	neutral
to/1iwMEoV with CPU have a score of 2300 ( way much cheaper , nicer design )	CPU	neutral
to/1iwMEoV with CPU have a score of 2300 ( way much cheaper , nicer design )	design	neutral
The price difference is insignificant and very rarely have I ever heard of someone buying a bigger TV than what they wanted and complained about it later .	price	neutral
Compact size .	size	neutral
The case fits well and I think this was a good deal for the price .	case	neutral
The case fits well and I think this was a good deal for the price .	price	neutral
This is essentially a speaker that is not connected to the power amp ,	speaker	neutral
This is essentially a speaker that is not connected to the power amp ,	power amp	neutral
Other plusses were the HDMI and firewire ports , and the built - in Bluetooth and wireless ( almost a given nowadays , but you never know).So ,	HDMI	neutral
DOESNT CONNECT WELLL ....	CONNECT	neutral
I got this speaker dock during a Gold Box deal , so it was a great deal .	speaker dock	neutral
About 5 mins had went by and the sound came back but this time it shut itself off .	sound	neutral
This thing allows dual monitors with my ASUS laptop .	monitors	neutral
Performance is excellent .	Performance	neutral
At this size ( 10 . 1 inch ) and with these specs ( battery life , memory , etc . )	size	neutral
At this size ( 10 . 1 inch ) and with these specs ( battery life , memory , etc . )	specs	neutral
At this size ( 10 . 1 inch ) and with these specs ( battery life , memory , etc . )	battery life	neutral
At this size ( 10 . 1 inch ) and with these specs ( battery life , memory , etc . )	memory	neutral
Plug Ethernet cable into router and power on ( order does not matter ) .	Ethernet cable	neutral
So far this adapter has done exactly what I bought it to do quite well ; connect wiimotes for use with Dolphin and work seemlessly in Kubuntu 12 .	Kubuntu 12	neutral
It runs quiet and stays cool all right .	runs	neutral
I have the Corsair 16 gb memory WORKING .	Corsair	neutral
I have the Corsair 16 gb memory WORKING .	16 gb memory	neutral
I 'm sure I have gone wrong somewhere in the set - up procedure ...	set - up procedure	neutral
It has a video light , but it is weak - good only to about 5 feet .	video light	neutral
Its good , but if you put it to sleep it does n't give you any alerts because it turns off the WiFi connection and ca n't get calls .	WiFi connection	neutral
The limited software however means I wo n't be ditching my real computer anytime soon .	software	neutral
I thought it was neat that two windows could be opened side by side , each taking only half the space of the screen .	screen	neutral
To sum it all up for anyone considering the Google Chromebook the main point of getting a Chromebook for me was simply surfing the web and receiving / sending email .	surfing the web	neutral
a lotbecause it is easy to reach , not to mention its location is convenient .	reach	neutral
a lotbecause it is easy to reach , not to mention its location is convenient .	location	neutral
Battery life has diminished a tad , but that 's to be expected .	Battery life	neutral
You know it 's good when you see the Windows Performance scores of 5 .	Windows Performance	neutral
x is fast enough to provide you the speed you need ( I use one SSD to run the latest games on , with no hiccups )	x	neutral
x is fast enough to provide you the speed you need ( I use one SSD to run the latest games on , with no hiccups )	speed	neutral
x is fast enough to provide you the speed you need ( I use one SSD to run the latest games on , with no hiccups )	SSD	neutral
x is fast enough to provide you the speed you need ( I use one SSD to run the latest games on , with no hiccups )	games	neutral
I 'm very pleased with the computer for accessing the Web , readng e - mail ( but not answering it ) .	Web	neutral
This cable is tough , no quality is lost from one end to the other , and it works .	cable	neutral
This cable is tough , no quality is lost from one end to the other , and it works .	quality	neutral
Do n't expect an atom thin invisible shield which feels as the glass did .	glass	neutral
Pros : Price , Light Weight , Color Matches iPad , Keyboard is as large as can be to work with iPad as it is designed .	Price	neutral
Pros : Price , Light Weight , Color Matches iPad , Keyboard is as large as can be to work with iPad as it is designed .	Color	neutral
Pros : Price , Light Weight , Color Matches iPad , Keyboard is as large as can be to work with iPad as it is designed .	Keyboard	neutral
I shudder at the thought of how desktops without touch screens manage to use Windows 8 .	touch screens	neutral
I shudder at the thought of how desktops without touch screens manage to use Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
Our home theater has a subwoofer , so the speaker setup for the DVD player specified small for our front speakers .	subwoofer	neutral
Our home theater has a subwoofer , so the speaker setup for the DVD player specified small for our front speakers .	speaker setup for the DVD player	neutral
Even though it runs cooler than the C710 and many other low - end laptops , it still gets warm on your lap , but not annoyingly so.- The screen and its glossy black border suffer from keyboard and bezel marks .	screen	neutral
Even though it runs cooler than the C710 and many other low - end laptops , it still gets warm on your lap , but not annoyingly so.- The screen and its glossy black border suffer from keyboard and bezel marks .	keyboard	neutral
Speed is very good .	Speed	neutral
Playing games or doing other processor - intensive activities causes the fan in my laptop to really spin up	Playing games	neutral
Playing games or doing other processor - intensive activities causes the fan in my laptop to really spin up	processor	neutral
Playing games or doing other processor - intensive activities causes the fan in my laptop to really spin up	fan	neutral
The added storage space is great considering	storage space	neutral
For the price it can not be beat .	price	neutral
The cooling fan vents are located on the front half of the cooler , which is not great for MacBook Pro owners since most MBPs have their hottest bottom surfaces towards the rear of the computer ( where the LCD panel hinges ) .	cooling fan vents	neutral
The cooling fan vents are located on the front half of the cooler , which is not great for MacBook Pro owners since most MBPs have their hottest bottom surfaces towards the rear of the computer ( where the LCD panel hinges ) .	bottom	neutral
The cooling fan vents are located on the front half of the cooler , which is not great for MacBook Pro owners since most MBPs have their hottest bottom surfaces towards the rear of the computer ( where the LCD panel hinges ) .	LCD panel	neutral
I have had it now for a few months ( 4 ? maybe ) and the leather underneath the screen is starting to peal a little .	leather	neutral
I have had it now for a few months ( 4 ? maybe ) and the leather underneath the screen is starting to peal a little .	screen	neutral
For quickness in getting to the right docs ... Point Samsung .	docs	neutral
* Audio jack tucks neatly into base * rubber non - slip feet * volume control in the device * audio passthrough so you can plug in another speaker to it is kinda coolCons :	Audio jack	neutral
* Audio jack tucks neatly into base * rubber non - slip feet * volume control in the device * audio passthrough so you can plug in another speaker to it is kinda coolCons :	rubber	neutral
* Audio jack tucks neatly into base * rubber non - slip feet * volume control in the device * audio passthrough so you can plug in another speaker to it is kinda coolCons :	volume control	neutral
* Audio jack tucks neatly into base * rubber non - slip feet * volume control in the device * audio passthrough so you can plug in another speaker to it is kinda coolCons :	audio passthrough	neutral
Best part is it has more features and the accessories are significantly cheaper .	features	neutral
Best part is it has more features and the accessories are significantly cheaper .	accessories	neutral
Do n't expect to use it as a normal size keyboard because it is compact .	keyboard	neutral
Battery life is equivalent to the original battery .	Battery life	neutral
Battery life is equivalent to the original battery .	battery	neutral
The " HP xb2000 Notebook Expansion Base " ships with a plain ( no frills ) wireless keyboard and mouse ; their transceiver plugs into one of only ( 3 ) available USB ports .	wireless	neutral
The " HP xb2000 Notebook Expansion Base " ships with a plain ( no frills ) wireless keyboard and mouse ; their transceiver plugs into one of only ( 3 ) available USB ports .	keyboard	neutral
The " HP xb2000 Notebook Expansion Base " ships with a plain ( no frills ) wireless keyboard and mouse ; their transceiver plugs into one of only ( 3 ) available USB ports .	mouse	neutral
The " HP xb2000 Notebook Expansion Base " ships with a plain ( no frills ) wireless keyboard and mouse ; their transceiver plugs into one of only ( 3 ) available USB ports .	transceiver	neutral
The " HP xb2000 Notebook Expansion Base " ships with a plain ( no frills ) wireless keyboard and mouse ; their transceiver plugs into one of only ( 3 ) available USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
Switched to this USB device and got 54 M consistently .	USB device	neutral
This is obviously a fairly specialized cable that not so many people will use , but it served my purposes perfectly .	cable	neutral
( the battery will still drain).Some additional observations .	battery	neutral
The floor has carpeting	carpeting	neutral
POP in the CD ( Driver ) or simply PLUG N ' Play3 .	CD	neutral
POP in the CD ( Driver ) or simply PLUG N ' Play3 .	Driver	neutral
Simple , inexpensive and works well .	works	neutral
I would give it 5 stars for the compact size , usefulness as a Kindle charging station , and the sound is pretty good ; but the alarm shutoff button is annoying .	size	neutral
I would give it 5 stars for the compact size , usefulness as a Kindle charging station , and the sound is pretty good ; but the alarm shutoff button is annoying .	sound	neutral
I would give it 5 stars for the compact size , usefulness as a Kindle charging station , and the sound is pretty good ; but the alarm shutoff button is annoying .	alarm shutoff button	neutral
The 4-pin cables were long enough to reach the drives , which are all the way in the bottom bays , without straining at all .	4-pin cables	neutral
The 4-pin cables were long enough to reach the drives , which are all the way in the bottom bays , without straining at all .	drives	neutral
The speakers are amplified and in a quiet room are loud enough with my iPod turned up less than half way .	speakers	neutral
, it has a soft fluffy lining to caress the expensive curves of my baby .	lining	neutral
I am expecting fan to get stuck very soon .	fan	neutral
Whereas Windows 7 Starter took several minutes to boot and log in , Lubuntu is so fast that it 's astounding .	Windows 7 Starter	neutral
Whereas Windows 7 Starter took several minutes to boot and log in , Lubuntu is so fast that it 's astounding .	Lubuntu	neutral
I like the side entry laptop compartment .	side entry laptop compartment	neutral
Windows 7 seems very solid .	Windows 7	neutral
It was also more noticeable when the speakers were in an open environment .	speakers	neutral
The MX feels better but VX works better now.- Works great with LINUX through BTNX- Small case for carring the VX around .	LINUX	neutral
I need to change the safe volume to nearly 90 % of the capability of the iPod to get to a decent loudness for some tracks ; and no I am not a loudness freak and wish not to risk hearing loss for any music .	loudness	neutral
I need to change the safe volume to nearly 90 % of the capability of the iPod to get to a decent loudness for some tracks ; and no I am not a loudness freak and wish not to risk hearing loss for any music .	loudness	neutral
I ca n't say enough good things about this product , it 's simply a home run for the consumer who needs more USB ports , and yet does n't want to have a " permanent " solution like an additional USB PCI - Express card installed in the G5 PowerMac	USB ports	neutral
I ca n't say enough good things about this product , it 's simply a home run for the consumer who needs more USB ports , and yet does n't want to have a " permanent " solution like an additional USB PCI - Express card installed in the G5 PowerMac	USB	neutral
I ca n't say enough good things about this product , it 's simply a home run for the consumer who needs more USB ports , and yet does n't want to have a " permanent " solution like an additional USB PCI - Express card installed in the G5 PowerMac	PCI - Express card	neutral
The screen has darkened a little , kind of like looking through sunglasses , but eventually you get used to it and forget that you have the screen on .	screen	neutral
The screen has darkened a little , kind of like looking through sunglasses , but eventually you get used to it and forget that you have the screen on .	screen	neutral
It 's a breeze to use and	use	neutral
People complain that it is a pain but seriously how much effort does it take to click a button on the mouse to wake it up ?	mouse	neutral
Very sturdy adapters , the good thing is they have 2 plugs each , you can charge two things on one adapter .	adapters	neutral
and I found this one and its better than spending -100 or even 100 - 200 on a simple mic just get this	mic	neutral
Only wish it had room for a standard file folder .	file folder	neutral
The flexibly camera base really put this webcam in a class of its own	flexibly camera base	neutral
The flexibly camera base really put this webcam in a class of its own	webcam	neutral
This battery does n't last as long as the original battery however it 's 85 % of the original for 35 % of the cost .	battery	neutral
This battery does n't last as long as the original battery however it 's 85 % of the original for 35 % of the cost .	battery	neutral
This battery does n't last as long as the original battery however it 's 85 % of the original for 35 % of the cost .	cost	neutral
Bought as a replacement for my original power supply which suddenly disintegrated after 4 years of likely abuse by the family .	power supply	neutral
It also does a great job of cooling , although the fans get somewhat noisy if you increase the speed too much .	cooling	neutral
It also does a great job of cooling , although the fans get somewhat noisy if you increase the speed too much .	fans	neutral
It also does a great job of cooling , although the fans get somewhat noisy if you increase the speed too much .	speed	neutral
Good luck finding a leather case for it .	leather case	neutral
I love this drive .	drive	neutral
in vehicle for bluetooth phone pickup .	bluetooth phone pickup	neutral
Then weather is n't an issue and I get the best reception possible .	reception	neutral
This fit the screen perfectly and does n't block off any part of the monitor frame or access to any of the buttons .	screen	neutral
This fit the screen perfectly and does n't block off any part of the monitor frame or access to any of the buttons .	monitor frame	neutral
This fit the screen perfectly and does n't block off any part of the monitor frame or access to any of the buttons .	buttons	neutral
However , when weighing the positives and the price against the flaws , I would still give this keyboard a solid 4 out of 5 stars .	price	neutral
However , when weighing the positives and the price against the flaws , I would still give this keyboard a solid 4 out of 5 stars .	keyboard	neutral
I wanted to eliminate having to have a regular headset	headset	neutral
While this is great for me , it may turn out to be an issue for others who use a shell cover on their Air or who have a Macbook Pro .	shell cover	neutral
The colors are just dull , and also when it comes to burning or ripping the BD - ROM drive seems to be a bit slower than an average DVD Burner , also reading discs is painfully slow .	colors	neutral
The colors are just dull , and also when it comes to burning or ripping the BD - ROM drive seems to be a bit slower than an average DVD Burner , also reading discs is painfully slow .	BD - ROM drive	neutral
The colors are just dull , and also when it comes to burning or ripping the BD - ROM drive seems to be a bit slower than an average DVD Burner , also reading discs is painfully slow .	DVD Burner	neutral
The LifeCam VX-5000 meets or exceeds my expectations in every way .	LifeCam	neutral
The screen is very clear and the sound from those speakers are great .	screen	neutral
The screen is very clear and the sound from those speakers are great .	sound	neutral
The screen is very clear and the sound from those speakers are great .	speakers	neutral
- you ca n't beat the service ( saves going to Best Buy and 4 other stores ) .	service	neutral
Games run beautifully with no lag .	Games	neutral
The instructions show both touch screen , touchpad , and keyboard .	instructions	neutral
The instructions show both touch screen , touchpad , and keyboard .	touch screen	neutral
The instructions show both touch screen , touchpad , and keyboard .	touchpad	neutral
The instructions show both touch screen , touchpad , and keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
It wo n't boot super fast over USB 2 . 0 , but as long as it boots is all you care about .	boot	neutral
It wo n't boot super fast over USB 2 . 0 , but as long as it boots is all you care about .	USB 2 . 0	neutral
It wo n't boot super fast over USB 2 . 0 , but as long as it boots is all you care about .	boots	neutral
Easy to use , and FAST too !	use	neutral
They provided a big rubber foot to keep the dock from slipping on your desktop , but a rubberized surface on top would have been nice to prevent your notebook from slipping off the dock .	rubber foot	neutral
They provided a big rubber foot to keep the dock from slipping on your desktop , but a rubberized surface on top would have been nice to prevent your notebook from slipping off the dock .	dock	neutral
They provided a big rubber foot to keep the dock from slipping on your desktop , but a rubberized surface on top would have been nice to prevent your notebook from slipping off the dock .	dock	neutral
This was a great replacement for my broken laptop keyboard works just like new .	keyboard	neutral
I got a tip to fit , but even when the Lenmar was completely full , the charging sign went on and off with the display flickering every few seconds as it alternated between automatic power modes , thinking it had power then no power etc ... the charging light never stayed on .	charging sign	neutral
I got a tip to fit , but even when the Lenmar was completely full , the charging sign went on and off with the display flickering every few seconds as it alternated between automatic power modes , thinking it had power then no power etc ... the charging light never stayed on .	display	neutral
I got a tip to fit , but even when the Lenmar was completely full , the charging sign went on and off with the display flickering every few seconds as it alternated between automatic power modes , thinking it had power then no power etc ... the charging light never stayed on .	power modes	neutral
I got a tip to fit , but even when the Lenmar was completely full , the charging sign went on and off with the display flickering every few seconds as it alternated between automatic power modes , thinking it had power then no power etc ... the charging light never stayed on .	charging light	neutral
Considering that the speakers are located on the bottom of the device , I was surprised at how well they projected sound .	speakers	neutral
I 'm glad you guys offered an affordable aftermarket product that is reliable and backed by a great warranty .	aftermarket	neutral
I 'm glad you guys offered an affordable aftermarket product that is reliable and backed by a great warranty .	warranty	neutral
I actually get better range with this little guy than a 1 meter 26dbi parabolic dish antenna hooked to an Alfa 2000mw USB adaptor .	range	neutral
I actually get better range with this little guy than a 1 meter 26dbi parabolic dish antenna hooked to an Alfa 2000mw USB adaptor .	Alfa 2000mw USB adaptor	neutral
So I initially ran a pair of tiny , external ' HP Mini ' speakers , which sounded a bit better than the TV 's .	speakers	neutral
I like the 6 foot length .	6 foot length	neutral
With 5 adults and as many children , there always seemed to be something that was running out of juice and this charger kept us from fighting over the few wall sockets where we were staying .	charger	neutral
Great buy , great value , and a perfect universal charger to keep on hand .	universal charger	neutral
Some of the drivers installed , but not all .	drivers	neutral
Never had this problem with my previous laptop and Windows Vista , ever .	Windows Vista	neutral
The touch pad is smartly designed , a double tap in one corner will lock it , and you can pinch your fingers inward or outward for easy - zooming in , and two fingers drawn up or down controls scroll .	touch pad	neutral
I also had another issue when the I closed the lid the laptop would randomly launch software icons I had pinned to the desktop .	software icons	neutral
it performs very well for my business usage , which is mostly spreadsheets , word processing , email , and general internet research .	performs	neutral
it performs very well for my business usage , which is mostly spreadsheets , word processing , email , and general internet research .	spreadsheets	neutral
it performs very well for my business usage , which is mostly spreadsheets , word processing , email , and general internet research .	word processing	neutral
The lighted keyboard is so useful for working in a dimly lit room .	lighted keyboard	neutral
This is exactly the part I needed and it was shipped well .	shipped	neutral
With Chrome OS boots fast and browser via wifi fast too .	Chrome OS	neutral
With Chrome OS boots fast and browser via wifi fast too .	boots	neutral
With Chrome OS boots fast and browser via wifi fast too .	browser via wifi	neutral
Functionality is terrible .	Functionality	neutral
My computer operates just the same on its little grate , however , so I chalk this wasted gift certificate up to " live and learn " .	operates	neutral
No " powered by " stickers , no ugly graphics .	powered by	neutral
No " powered by " stickers , no ugly graphics .	graphics	neutral
, it 's easier on my back / eyes and this screen is vibrant and clear as a bell .	screen	neutral
The machine could use 1 or 2 more USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
you could use it for only one thing , zoom or brush size or a few other options .	zoom or	neutral
you could use it for only one thing , zoom or brush size or a few other options .	brush size	neutral
A tivo will cost me $ 299 plus a monthly cost .	cost	neutral
6GHz Core i5 , which is a bonus .	Core i5	neutral
I purposefully steered away from other models where the speakers were in the bottom , or out the side , these are mounted on either side , and project toward the front , stereo , of course , and I am enjoying a rich , full quality which was a pleasant surprise , especially when I put on the satellite music channels .	speakers	neutral
Nothing else is quite like it terms of sound quality and volume .	sound quality	neutral
Nothing else is quite like it terms of sound quality and volume .	volume	neutral
I only tried this mouse because I had amazon rewards points .	mouse	neutral
I love the fact that this is a touchscreen computer , as that is kind of the way things are moving anyway with the increasing prevalence of smartphones and tablets compared to conventional computers .	touchscreen	neutral
I have had NO random reboots , and only a few force closes of apps ( Mainly the CNN app ) .	apps	neutral
Cheap and works perfectly !	works	neutral
Do n't buy this case ! !	case	neutral
This is lightweight and the only downside is that it is so small it wo n't fit in a normal old laptop bag because of its size .	size	neutral
Another neat feature is that even though you have to take a USB slot from your computer , the cooling pad gives you an extra USB slot to use in it 's place !	USB slot	neutral
Another neat feature is that even though you have to take a USB slot from your computer , the cooling pad gives you an extra USB slot to use in it 's place !	cooling pad	neutral
Another neat feature is that even though you have to take a USB slot from your computer , the cooling pad gives you an extra USB slot to use in it 's place !	USB slot	neutral
The problem I started having was the huge main zipper , eventually it will start separating .	main zipper	neutral
This function gets very annoying when you are writing .	function	neutral
I like that you do n't have a long cord taking up space , since I 'm a pretty much organized person & I do n't have that may appliances to hook up	cord	neutral
This lack of brightness really bothered me , so I will almost always use the enhanced graphics mode .	brightness	neutral
This lack of brightness really bothered me , so I will almost always use the enhanced graphics mode .	enhanced graphics mode	neutral
I still have to get one as a carrying case with a shoulder strap	carrying	neutral
I still have to get one as a carrying case with a shoulder strap	shoulder strap	neutral
The key cover fits nicely and the case snaps right on .	key cover	neutral
The key cover fits nicely and the case snaps right on .	case	neutral
After receiving it I immediately attempted to lay down a clean install of Windows to get rid of the junk that Sony installs by default on their laptops .	Windows	neutral
IT 's quiet ( compare to my previous one ) and charges fast .	charges	neutral
Keeps scratches away and its easy to install .	install	neutral
My only complaint is the exposed edges around the usb port .	edges	neutral
My only complaint is the exposed edges around the usb port .	usb port	neutral
I restored the computer to three days prior and the adapter was still absent .	adapter	neutral
The sound is clean and focused and the adjustable sub is just what the doctor ordered .	sound	neutral
The sound is clean and focused and the adjustable sub is just what the doctor ordered .	adjustable sub	neutral
After researching different sites and reading reviews for literally around 30 different keyboard cases , this was my third ( and final ! ) attempt to find the best case for me .	keyboard	neutral
After researching different sites and reading reviews for literally around 30 different keyboard cases , this was my third ( and final ! ) attempt to find the best case for me .	case	neutral
I have read some comments about this RAM being 1 .	RAM	neutral
You have to go through a setup procedure everytime you want to rebroadcast a new WiFi signal which takes several minutes and the R36 has to be plugged into your laptop via a CAT5 cable to do it .	setup	neutral
You have to go through a setup procedure everytime you want to rebroadcast a new WiFi signal which takes several minutes and the R36 has to be plugged into your laptop via a CAT5 cable to do it .	WiFi signal	neutral
You have to go through a setup procedure everytime you want to rebroadcast a new WiFi signal which takes several minutes and the R36 has to be plugged into your laptop via a CAT5 cable to do it .	CAT5 cable	neutral
The compartments are adjustable and easily fit my full frame DSLR , extra batteries , a second lens and some snacks .	compartments	neutral
The compartments are adjustable and easily fit my full frame DSLR , extra batteries , a second lens and some snacks .	batteries	neutral
Fantastic Camera .	Camera	neutral
but it 's matted & can not be configured with significantly brighter screen .	screen	neutral
So the iPhone , for example , needs a 5W draw and therefore , even plugged in to a 90W adapter , will only draw 5W.	90W adapter	neutral
I have n't the foggiest if this is a Linux shortcoming , an Intel graphics shortcoming , or an Xorg shortcoming .	Linux shortcoming	neutral
I have n't the foggiest if this is a Linux shortcoming , an Intel graphics shortcoming , or an Xorg shortcoming .	Intel graphics shortcoming	neutral
Unless you upgrade to laptop level battery extender , it 's going to be the same with any other similar device .	battery extender	neutral
Anyway here are the main sticking points for me : Cons:-Very reflective screen .	screen	neutral
The added value is in ease - of - installation , is n't it ?	installation	neutral
Overall if you want to buy go only for the case .	case	neutral
I think it is better suited for laptops with vents on the bottom of the laptop .	vents	neutral
Unfortunately , the bag is narrow - ish , and so _ some _ waste of space seems inevitable when placing the dividers ( with velcro ) .	space	neutral
Unfortunately , the bag is narrow - ish , and so _ some _ waste of space seems inevitable when placing the dividers ( with velcro ) .	dividers	neutral
Nice size / volume ratio .	size	neutral
Nice size / volume ratio .	volume ratio	neutral
I do n't think there 's a zoom function , but the mic works from a few feet away and the cam quality is decent .	zoom function	neutral
I do n't think there 's a zoom function , but the mic works from a few feet away and the cam quality is decent .	mic	neutral
I do n't think there 's a zoom function , but the mic works from a few feet away and the cam quality is decent .	cam quality	neutral
you need if you register the charger .	charger	neutral
Neither machine has a DVD drive , however , so I bought a bus - powered USB external DVD drive from LG which I can use to watch movies on either system .	DVD drive	neutral
Neither machine has a DVD drive , however , so I bought a bus - powered USB external DVD drive from LG which I can use to watch movies on either system .	USB	neutral
Neither machine has a DVD drive , however , so I bought a bus - powered USB external DVD drive from LG which I can use to watch movies on either system .	external DVD drive	neutral
The headphone jack on the front is handy , too .	headphone jack	neutral
The call quality is lacking on the mic end of it .	call quality	neutral
The call quality is lacking on the mic end of it .	mic end	neutral
Expensive ultrabooks always take most of these ports away .	ports	neutral
I ended up finding this screen from the numbers on the back of my broken screen and walla .	screen	neutral
I ended up finding this screen from the numbers on the back of my broken screen and walla .	screen	neutral
I also have the Apple IR remote for my 2010 iMac and the design and quality of the Apple remote	Apple IR remote	neutral
I also have the Apple IR remote for my 2010 iMac and the design and quality of the Apple remote	design	neutral
I also have the Apple IR remote for my 2010 iMac and the design and quality of the Apple remote	Apple remote	neutral
It got as good or better reviews as the other passive 3D monitors out there and was a fraction of the cost of many of them .	passive 3D monitors	neutral
It got as good or better reviews as the other passive 3D monitors out there and was a fraction of the cost of many of them .	cost	neutral
Worked right away on a Dell running Ubuntu ( not that that really matters , but some Mac users are saying unamplified mics do n't work with Macs ) .	Ubuntu	neutral
Worked right away on a Dell running Ubuntu ( not that that really matters , but some Mac users are saying unamplified mics do n't work with Macs ) .	mics	neutral
( If you understand photography , I mean that the screen protector gave my screen & # 34;noise&#34 ; , meaning the fuzzy / grainy like look.)I rather not go through the hassle of possibly returning this item , but I will remember to not buy this type of product or buy from this seller ( TOP CASE ) again .	screen protector	neutral
( If you understand photography , I mean that the screen protector gave my screen & # 34;noise&#34 ; , meaning the fuzzy / grainy like look.)I rather not go through the hassle of possibly returning this item , but I will remember to not buy this type of product or buy from this seller ( TOP CASE ) again .	screen	neutral
Doubling the RAM with this returned it to its normal speed .	RAM	neutral
Doubling the RAM with this returned it to its normal speed .	speed	neutral
I love this charger .	charger	neutral
It has a bunch of tips to match your equipment and several different voltage settings .	voltage	neutral
The fan is very quiet , so if you use it there 's no concern with noise .	fan	neutral
And helps the risk of damaging the cords !	cords	neutral
Since you 'll only need to use one receiver , all of Logitech 's current " Unified Receiver " products come with built - in safe storage for the extra USB receiver -- nicely done folks!)Note : if you have n't yet looked at the Logitech	receiver	neutral
Since you 'll only need to use one receiver , all of Logitech 's current " Unified Receiver " products come with built - in safe storage for the extra USB receiver -- nicely done folks!)Note : if you have n't yet looked at the Logitech	Unified Receiver	neutral
Since you 'll only need to use one receiver , all of Logitech 's current " Unified Receiver " products come with built - in safe storage for the extra USB receiver -- nicely done folks!)Note : if you have n't yet looked at the Logitech	USB receiver	neutral
I gave it 4 stars because the recording pull down my system performance and gives only mpg file .	system performance	neutral
That explains why I have been through 4 BT adapters and none worked .	BT adapters	neutral
1 combo eSATA or USB	eSATA or	neutral
1 combo eSATA or USB	USB	neutral
But the extra use we get out of the laptop before the battery is drained far outweighs that bulkiness !	battery	neutral
After two months of use the kid loves the combination when used in class to take notes and is very happy with the battery life when the two are combined .	battery life	neutral
but I left it at home , mostly because my books were on my touchpad and I did not need the laptop as much .	touchpad	neutral
Installation was simple and fast .	Installation	neutral
I found the keyboard to be very responsive , the touchpad on the other hand I was not too thrilled about - no problems , but the surface kind of feels funny , it does n't feel like your typical laptop touchpad .	keyboard	neutral
I found the keyboard to be very responsive , the touchpad on the other hand I was not too thrilled about - no problems , but the surface kind of feels funny , it does n't feel like your typical laptop touchpad .	touchpad	neutral
I found the keyboard to be very responsive , the touchpad on the other hand I was not too thrilled about - no problems , but the surface kind of feels funny , it does n't feel like your typical laptop touchpad .	surface	neutral
I found the keyboard to be very responsive , the touchpad on the other hand I was not too thrilled about - no problems , but the surface kind of feels funny , it does n't feel like your typical laptop touchpad .	touchpad	neutral
Some of the other wireless cards i tested out provided better distance and better network sensing than this card did .	distance	neutral
Some of the other wireless cards i tested out provided better distance and better network sensing than this card did .	network sensing	neutral
very responsive and works great .	works	neutral
I am extremely satisfied with this purchase and the price I paid .	price	neutral
port.- A very practical carrying case that you can attach to your belt ( i did n't know this and bought the very unpractical and expensive leather case which i wo n't use anyway )	port.-	neutral
port.- A very practical carrying case that you can attach to your belt ( i did n't know this and bought the very unpractical and expensive leather case which i wo n't use anyway )	carrying case	neutral
port.- A very practical carrying case that you can attach to your belt ( i did n't know this and bought the very unpractical and expensive leather case which i wo n't use anyway )	leather case	neutral
It is also nice for long trips in a car that does not have a speaker plug in for you MP3 player .	speaker	neutral
The keyboard is an island style keyboard that are evenly spaced .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is an island style keyboard that are evenly spaced .	keyboard	neutral
I tried every possible combination , but the 3 . 0 was always the fastest .	3 . 0	neutral
There is no way to get all of them into the main padded compartment , so the 70 - 200 has to be carried in it 's own factory soft case in the pack 's upper compartment .	padded	neutral
Every laptop I 've ever seen or used has a power brick , and this case does n't allow for one .	power brick	neutral
The keyboard is on a part with the well - regarded Apple chicklet - type keyboard , and the display is bug enough for most tasks .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is on a part with the well - regarded Apple chicklet - type keyboard , and the display is bug enough for most tasks .	display	neutral
The LinkStation does not do transcoding .	LinkStation	neutral
The LinkStation does not do transcoding .	transcoding	neutral
I just change my speaker system driver from " on PC speakers " to " Logitech Anywhere USB " whenever I want to listen on my stereo .... then change back again to PC when working at the PC3 .	speaker system driver	neutral
Also , that older model had sever bios issues .	bios	neutral
I figure the computer had been returned & someone taped the cable & sold as a new computer .	cable	neutral
It connects quickly once the initial ( very easy ) setup is done , however it can only be linked to one device at a time , so if you switch back between several devices , you need to establish a new connection again , however this is very easy to do .	setup	neutral
The balance of the time has been spent either at the Repair Depot or enroute to or from the Repair Depot .	Repair Depot	neutral
The balance of the time has been spent either at the Repair Depot or enroute to or from the Repair Depot .	Repair Depot	neutral
The question on quality comes with the failure of the Power - On , blue LED , which died on the second day I had it .	Power - On ,	neutral
The tips arrive in a nice pouch and there 's a 2 section zippered case for the adapter and power cord which makes for easy organizing and travel .	tips	neutral
The tips arrive in a nice pouch and there 's a 2 section zippered case for the adapter and power cord which makes for easy organizing and travel .	power cord	neutral
Sometimes I do unplug it so that I can use the USB port real quick , and I can surely tell a difference on how hot my laptop gets when I have it unplugged .	USB port	neutral
My testing involved a number of real - world scenarios that relied on the software tools I use on a daily basis -- the Microsoft Office 2013 suite , the Adobe CS6 suite ( InDesign , Illustrator , Lightroom 4 , and Photoshop primarily ) , and various other programs that are RAM and storage hogs .	software	neutral
My testing involved a number of real - world scenarios that relied on the software tools I use on a daily basis -- the Microsoft Office 2013 suite , the Adobe CS6 suite ( InDesign , Illustrator , Lightroom 4 , and Photoshop primarily ) , and various other programs that are RAM and storage hogs .	Microsoft Office 2013 suite	neutral
My testing involved a number of real - world scenarios that relied on the software tools I use on a daily basis -- the Microsoft Office 2013 suite , the Adobe CS6 suite ( InDesign , Illustrator , Lightroom 4 , and Photoshop primarily ) , and various other programs that are RAM and storage hogs .	Adobe CS6 suite	neutral
My testing involved a number of real - world scenarios that relied on the software tools I use on a daily basis -- the Microsoft Office 2013 suite , the Adobe CS6 suite ( InDesign , Illustrator , Lightroom 4 , and Photoshop primarily ) , and various other programs that are RAM and storage hogs .	InDesign	neutral
My testing involved a number of real - world scenarios that relied on the software tools I use on a daily basis -- the Microsoft Office 2013 suite , the Adobe CS6 suite ( InDesign , Illustrator , Lightroom 4 , and Photoshop primarily ) , and various other programs that are RAM and storage hogs .	Illustrator	neutral
My testing involved a number of real - world scenarios that relied on the software tools I use on a daily basis -- the Microsoft Office 2013 suite , the Adobe CS6 suite ( InDesign , Illustrator , Lightroom 4 , and Photoshop primarily ) , and various other programs that are RAM and storage hogs .	Lightroom 4	neutral
My testing involved a number of real - world scenarios that relied on the software tools I use on a daily basis -- the Microsoft Office 2013 suite , the Adobe CS6 suite ( InDesign , Illustrator , Lightroom 4 , and Photoshop primarily ) , and various other programs that are RAM and storage hogs .	Photoshop	neutral
My testing involved a number of real - world scenarios that relied on the software tools I use on a daily basis -- the Microsoft Office 2013 suite , the Adobe CS6 suite ( InDesign , Illustrator , Lightroom 4 , and Photoshop primarily ) , and various other programs that are RAM and storage hogs .	programs	neutral
My testing involved a number of real - world scenarios that relied on the software tools I use on a daily basis -- the Microsoft Office 2013 suite , the Adobe CS6 suite ( InDesign , Illustrator , Lightroom 4 , and Photoshop primarily ) , and various other programs that are RAM and storage hogs .	RAM	neutral
My testing involved a number of real - world scenarios that relied on the software tools I use on a daily basis -- the Microsoft Office 2013 suite , the Adobe CS6 suite ( InDesign , Illustrator , Lightroom 4 , and Photoshop primarily ) , and various other programs that are RAM and storage hogs .	storage	neutral
I think the Netflix Tablet App gets a higher resolution ( HD ) stream from Netflix then the phone because of its larger screen size and it therefore looks better on the TV .	Netflix Tablet App	neutral
I think the Netflix Tablet App gets a higher resolution ( HD ) stream from Netflix then the phone because of its larger screen size and it therefore looks better on the TV .	resolution ( HD ) stream	neutral
I think the Netflix Tablet App gets a higher resolution ( HD ) stream from Netflix then the phone because of its larger screen size and it therefore looks better on the TV .	screen size	neutral
its really compact , and it works nicely .	works	neutral
The keyboard does not have the mechanical clicks that are popular now with gamers , but I will say they are responsive and have a good feel .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard does not have the mechanical clicks that are popular now with gamers , but I will say they are responsive and have a good feel .	mechanical clicks	neutral
Audacity)[Average ] Photoshop editing ( Photoshop Elements)[POOR ]	Photoshop editing	neutral
Audacity)[Average ] Photoshop editing ( Photoshop Elements)[POOR ]	Photoshop Elements)[POOR	neutral
No problem " , I thought , " this has backlighting for the keyboard . "	keyboard	neutral
Despite many negative responses from Mac users , it is a good memory for MacBook Pro 13	memory	neutral
Well now with a " fully charged battery " and	charged	neutral
Well now with a " fully charged battery " and	battery	neutral
My friend and I could n't think of any good reason to spend the extra money for the larger drives , and I have n't regretted that decision .	drives	neutral
I was worried about the battery not working as promised but I was wrong .	battery	neutral
so often I have a small USB hub on my desk with one jack on top and 4 on the back and have gotten in to the routine of plugging my devices into it .	USB hub	neutral
so often I have a small USB hub on my desk with one jack on top and 4 on the back and have gotten in to the routine of plugging my devices into it .	jack	neutral
Once orchestrated properly and booted they work flawlessly together except for the inability to drive a mouse through it .	mouse	neutral
The range is wonderful ; just what I was looking for .	range	neutral
These cloths are great for cleaning LCD displays , eye glasses and camera lenses .	cloths	neutral
These cloths are great for cleaning LCD displays , eye glasses and camera lenses .	LCD displays	neutral
The throughput is over 100 Mbps from a 30-foot distance , which allows to transfer 13 MB / s ( 8 b [ bit]=1 B [ byte ] ) , 800 MB=0 .	throughput	neutral
But I do n't like the hidden sheath pocket under the front strap .	sheath pocket	neutral
I purchased this in an attempt to increase the range of my laptop wireless range in and around my home .	range	neutral
i. e. , provide more ( maybe 2 short and 1 long ) separators for a more flexible configuration requirement .	configuration	neutral
, I got the keyboard every time I 'm trying to put them together	keyboard	neutral
This will be my third battery for a MBP ( non - unibody ) purchased in mid 2008 .	battery	neutral
It also interfaces very well with Win7 .	interfaces	neutral
It also interfaces very well with Win7 .	Win7	neutral
But that also gives it a very sturdy look and feel .	look	neutral
With this new battery , I 'm able to get over 8 hours of battery life on my Asus Eee PC .	battery	neutral
With this new battery , I 'm able to get over 8 hours of battery life on my Asus Eee PC .	battery life	neutral
Had to get a new battery .	battery	neutral
I do n't think the keys will crumble or fall out but every key stroke is a reminder that it 's a budget laptop .	keys	neutral
I especially do n't like touch - screens .	touch - screens	neutral
Many people complained about size issues and fans being weak or breaking fast .	size	neutral
Many people complained about size issues and fans being weak or breaking fast .	fans	neutral
The answer was : S - Video cable! ... since my laptop had no HDMI port ...	S - Video cable!	neutral
The answer was : S - Video cable! ... since my laptop had no HDMI port ...	HDMI port	neutral
Everything came in outstanding quality , I ordered a rush shipping since I was leaving town and need to replace the lens cap ASAP .	lens cap	neutral
No problems with compatibility .	compatibility	neutral
Setting up a macbook is easy , Apple does n't load any bloatware because somehow this company manages to make everything seem genuine and intuitive for software as well .	bloatware	neutral
Setting up a macbook is easy , Apple does n't load any bloatware because somehow this company manages to make everything seem genuine and intuitive for software as well .	software	neutral
The shipping was very fast as well .	shipping	neutral
and I have no problem with Power Supply+Cord for HP Pavilion DV1000 DV6000 .	Power Supply+Cord	neutral
Finally , this new keyboard restored my HP mini !	keyboard	neutral
I opted to get a replacement power supply for the unit after which I was able to use the enclosure with a WD1600JB 160 GB drive with no problems .	power supply	neutral
I opted to get a replacement power supply for the unit after which I was able to use the enclosure with a WD1600JB 160 GB drive with no problems .	160 GB drive	neutral
That way , if the C : fails , I have two backups .	C :	neutral
I always look for the Bluerigger items because of their quality .	quality	neutral
In fact , the height of the bag is closer to 8 . 5 " rather than the 11 " listed on the detail page .	height	neutral
Luckily , I had a backup of all my stuff on a different external drive , but it was about a month old	external drive	neutral
I 'm a fast touch typist and the silver keyboard reflects light in low - light environments way better than black keyboards that is standard on most netbooks .	silver keyboard	neutral
I 'm a fast touch typist and the silver keyboard reflects light in low - light environments way better than black keyboards that is standard on most netbooks .	keyboards	neutral
When I get the drive , I am going to install a fresh Win7 ( no bloatware ) .	drive	neutral
When I get the drive , I am going to install a fresh Win7 ( no bloatware ) .	Win7	neutral
When I get the drive , I am going to install a fresh Win7 ( no bloatware ) .	bloatware	neutral
I wanted more USB3 ports to run my newer equipment data through .	USB3 ports	neutral
Smart Login for extra measure of security-	security-	neutral
It is awesome and works well with parts .	works	neutral
I connect this in transmit mode to my Grace internet radio , and send the signal to my Bluetooth receiver that is attached to either my home stereo or boombox on the other side of the house .	Bluetooth receiver	neutral
I have a lot of different sets of stereo speakers , and so far this is the one that impresses me most .	speakers	neutral
This is extremely frustrating and I bought two different products claiming to charge and neither accomplishes this .	charge	neutral
Its a perfect size , its not bulky and huge , i m really happy with the buy .	size	neutral
Remember , even some dual core machines are 9 times slower than an i7 ( based on Passmark benchmarks ) .	i7	neutral
I returned this mouse and bought a similarly sized mouse with a retractable cord , which is working out nicely .	mouse	neutral
I returned this mouse and bought a similarly sized mouse with a retractable cord , which is working out nicely .	mouse	neutral
I 've used it , and burns as well as my desktop DVD burner .	DVD burner	neutral
Also helpful for laptop battery owners ( and if I used mine more this way , I do know they 'd last longer ) .	battery	neutral
Granted , it does n't have USB ports or speakers	USB ports	neutral
Granted , it does n't have USB ports or speakers	speakers	neutral
I have large hands and this mouse completely disappears when I put my hand on it .	mouse	neutral
I 'm genuinely surprised there are n't more comments here about the screen , because it was an instant dealbreaker for me .	screen	neutral
I like to do business with Amazon all the time , especially with no shipping fee for item over $ 25 , no body can beat this .	shipping	neutral
Just not enough keys .	keys	neutral
I have always liked Logitech and consider this mouse to be worth every penny .	mouse	neutral
Why spend twice the amount of money , when you can get this for a very decent price .	price	neutral
it 's a steal , it 's a good value even at the " regular " discounted price .	price	neutral
Megapixel USB PC Webcam Camera for PC Laptop Notebook " sounds like we will have a picture quality of 5 . 0	picture quality	neutral
A couple of clicks took me back and the right side button brought me to the product page again .	right side button	neutral
I am a bit skeptical now anybody really need something formed into an antenna when they can use any piece of metal wire .	antenna	neutral
I am a bit skeptical now anybody really need something formed into an antenna when they can use any piece of metal wire .	wire	neutral
I DID buy a small wireless USB mouse as I still do n't like using the tiny controls on laptops	wireless	neutral
I DID buy a small wireless USB mouse as I still do n't like using the tiny controls on laptops	USB mouse	neutral
I DID buy a small wireless USB mouse as I still do n't like using the tiny controls on laptops	controls	neutral
Wish I had known about this hub before .	hub	neutral
and those ports can read my WD Passport external portable drive 500GBnow	ports	neutral
and those ports can read my WD Passport external portable drive 500GBnow	WD Passport external portable drive	neutral
This is " covered " under the warranty , but you still have to pay for the replacement / repair shipping .	warranty	neutral
This is " covered " under the warranty , but you still have to pay for the replacement / repair shipping .	repair shipping	neutral
Obviously this product is not worth the cost NOW , but I forgot to review it those two ( ? ) years ago	cost	neutral
Large for a 15 " laptop , power supply brick size ( I guess it 's needed to power this beast ) , and yes ... the infamous horrible trackpad .	power supply brick size	neutral
Large for a 15 " laptop , power supply brick size ( I guess it 's needed to power this beast ) , and yes ... the infamous horrible trackpad .	trackpad	neutral
No crash , just complete battery failure .	battery	neutral
I might order another one just to have a spare in case the fans die one day .	fans	neutral
I had to update the WiFi driver .	WiFi driver	neutral
The Canon has an external battery that can be upgraded to an extended output where as the Samsung has a built in battery .	external battery	neutral
The Canon has an external battery that can be upgraded to an extended output where as the Samsung has a built in battery .	extended output	neutral
The Canon has an external battery that can be upgraded to an extended output where as the Samsung has a built in battery .	battery	neutral
These plug adapters are too loose !	plug adapters	neutral
it 's great that this will do DVD 's and burn CD 's , too .	burn CD	neutral
After reading another review here i was very careful not to flex the memory when removing it from the overly stiff packaging .	memory	neutral
After reading another review here i was very careful not to flex the memory when removing it from the overly stiff packaging .	packaging	neutral
There are side pockets however there are no closures on them , making them fairly useless for anything other then maybe a folded piece of paper ...	pockets	neutral
The lighting is beautiful .	lighting	neutral
I know you can buy little wall chargers	wall chargers	neutral
Sure there is not any woofer to give the boom boom , but the clarity in the midrange is superb , and they deliver alot of volume for such small things .	woofer	neutral
Sure there is not any woofer to give the boom boom , but the clarity in the midrange is superb , and they deliver alot of volume for such small things .	clarity	neutral
Sure there is not any woofer to give the boom boom , but the clarity in the midrange is superb , and they deliver alot of volume for such small things .	volume	neutral
you do n't want.)Can't speak to battery life yet ,	battery life	neutral
Non premium HD content is avialable if you have a QAM tuner .	QAM tuner	neutral
Anyone that has seen Media Center will recognize the look and feel .	Media Center	neutral
Anyone that has seen Media Center will recognize the look and feel .	look	neutral
Hard for me to imagine 8 gig is a tiny package and it works beautifully .	works	neutral
Much richer sound , with decent bass for what they are .	sound	neutral
Much richer sound , with decent bass for what they are .	bass	neutral
It 's very simple to pair with iPhones and iPods , although since it always looks for the last connected device , if you share this speaker with others , you may have to visit your bluetooth settings in the menu to manually connect to it .	bluetooth settings	neutral
I was very frustrated at first having to learn Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
I get that there are a bunch of tablets competing with this machine , but there 's just something about having a real keyboard and a touchscreen that makes for a very compelling experience .	keyboard	neutral
I get that there are a bunch of tablets competing with this machine , but there 's just something about having a real keyboard and a touchscreen that makes for a very compelling experience .	touchscreen	neutral
Purchasing one of these drives is going to be a " moneypit	drives	neutral
I purchased this mouse and found that it was a comfortable , small but easy to use mouse .	mouse	neutral
I purchased this mouse and found that it was a comfortable , small but easy to use mouse .	use	neutral
I purchased this mouse and found that it was a comfortable , small but easy to use mouse .	mouse	neutral
Well I 've been pretty rough with the wiring	wiring	neutral
Specifications indicate a 30 ft range .	Specifications	neutral
and it 's important to note that not all Macs support audio via HDMI ( clearly marked on the box )	audio	neutral
and it 's important to note that not all Macs support audio via HDMI ( clearly marked on the box )	HDMI	neutral
" I needed to do major upgrade of software and was up and working again .	software	neutral
Amazon 's standard price of $ 389 makes this laptop an easy recommend and if you can get it on sale	price	neutral
Ultimately , between the audio delay , the inconvenience of having to reconnect it to the receiver every time , and the poor signal quality , I ended up giving up .	audio delay	neutral
Ultimately , between the audio delay , the inconvenience of having to reconnect it to the receiver every time , and the poor signal quality , I ended up giving up .	receiver	neutral
Ultimately , between the audio delay , the inconvenience of having to reconnect it to the receiver every time , and the poor signal quality , I ended up giving up .	signal quality	neutral
title speaks for itself , this is just as good or better than the original charger .	charger	neutral
The dark plastic hook was so thin where it met the body of the earpiece that it broke immediately on being adjusted , I am not rough with my electronics and peripherals , so it 's not a matter of being too rough in adjusting it .	plastic hook	neutral
The dark plastic hook was so thin where it met the body of the earpiece that it broke immediately on being adjusted , I am not rough with my electronics and peripherals , so it 's not a matter of being too rough in adjusting it .	body of	neutral
The dark plastic hook was so thin where it met the body of the earpiece that it broke immediately on being adjusted , I am not rough with my electronics and peripherals , so it 's not a matter of being too rough in adjusting it .	earpiece	neutral
The extension cables provided often gave a loose connection , but gluing or taping the adapter to the cable fixed it .	extension cables	neutral
The extension cables provided often gave a loose connection , but gluing or taping the adapter to the cable fixed it .	adapter	neutral
The extension cables provided often gave a loose connection , but gluing or taping the adapter to the cable fixed it .	cable	neutral
the USB " thingy " cut meso	USB " thingy	neutral
so I 'm leaning toward the adapter .	adapter	neutral
1 inch screen is pretty good despite its small size and low resolution .	size	neutral
1 inch screen is pretty good despite its small size and low resolution .	resolution	neutral
: : : UPDATE 05/28/2011 : : : So I ended up doing a clean install of Windows 7 Pro because I could n't get boxee or xbmc to install and was sick of the occasional performance lags .	Windows 7 Pro	neutral
: : : UPDATE 05/28/2011 : : : So I ended up doing a clean install of Windows 7 Pro because I could n't get boxee or xbmc to install and was sick of the occasional performance lags .	performance	neutral
The audio quality , as obvious to any other DSLR is not even usable , so use a RODE VideoMic or TACSAM recorder to gather your audioThe buk , d quality is NICE , the bottwm door for the battery and SD Card is badly engineered as you are forced to manually push back the pin to keep the door locked .	audio quality	neutral
The audio quality , as obvious to any other DSLR is not even usable , so use a RODE VideoMic or TACSAM recorder to gather your audioThe buk , d quality is NICE , the bottwm door for the battery and SD Card is badly engineered as you are forced to manually push back the pin to keep the door locked .	bottwm door for the	neutral
The audio quality , as obvious to any other DSLR is not even usable , so use a RODE VideoMic or TACSAM recorder to gather your audioThe buk , d quality is NICE , the bottwm door for the battery and SD Card is badly engineered as you are forced to manually push back the pin to keep the door locked .	battery	neutral
The audio quality , as obvious to any other DSLR is not even usable , so use a RODE VideoMic or TACSAM recorder to gather your audioThe buk , d quality is NICE , the bottwm door for the battery and SD Card is badly engineered as you are forced to manually push back the pin to keep the door locked .	SD Card	neutral
I needed a shoulder bag to use for my 70 - 200 attached	shoulder	neutral
It is great for power cords and whatnot .	power cords	neutral
and then they put a 32bit operating system on the computer .	32bit operating system	neutral
Whether you 're listening to music or watching a Blu - Ray movie , the enhanced audio capability is a nice addition .	enhanced audio capability	neutral
The laptop backpack design was great and made storing my things in it very easy to manage .	design	neutral
It still works perfectly fine .	works	neutral
Battery life is phenomenal -- far more than stated .	Battery life	neutral
I know it says & # 34;thin&#34 ; but c'mon!-The trackpad is as bad as everyone says .	trackpad	neutral
The E7 will still charge in the cradle , but the USB ca n't get a lock unless you jiggle the E7 around in its cradle for awhile .	charge	neutral
The E7 will still charge in the cradle , but the USB ca n't get a lock unless you jiggle the E7 around in its cradle for awhile .	USB ca	neutral
Of course , then there 's the E5c at $ 500 , but I could not bring myself to pay more than I did for my iPod , especially since I recently bought Altec Lansing 's outstandin inMotion speakers .	inMotion speakers	neutral
The only way to use the radio is to have some kind of cable plugged in to act as an antenna .	cable	neutral
But in the bag , the elastic strips shift , and a lot of parts still end up in the bottom of the bag .	elastic strips	neutral
As far as waterproofing , the flap on top only uses velcro to cover it , not a zipper	waterproofing	neutral
As far as waterproofing , the flap on top only uses velcro to cover it , not a zipper	flap	neutral
As far as waterproofing , the flap on top only uses velcro to cover it , not a zipper	zipper	neutral
It 's pretty easy to pop the earbuds on and off to switch or to clean them .	earbuds	neutral
It 's got minimal internal storage .	internal storage	neutral
The keyboard is fine .	keyboard	neutral
You can use the USB connection with any tablet or phone , though you will need to provide the right cable .	USB connection	neutral
You can use the USB connection with any tablet or phone , though you will need to provide the right cable .	cable	neutral
HOWEVER , the color they call " tannin " is in fact a deep purple .	color	neutral
In any case , Acer was really excellent in handling the bigger problem ( a noisy fan ) which I did n't report to them until the last two weeks of the one year warranty .	fan	neutral
Then took one of my other tablets and plugged it into this case / keyboard and it worked fine !	case	neutral
Then took one of my other tablets and plugged it into this case / keyboard and it worked fine !	keyboard	neutral
Like other reviews said , it elevates the back of the laptop a bit , a good bonus because the keyboard angle is better now .	keyboard angle	neutral
Tried Logitech and Motorola , not as good and larger footprint .	footprint	neutral
The materials are good quality as well as the sewing .	materials	neutral
The materials are good quality as well as the sewing .	sewing	neutral
I was a little worried about the 2 GB RAM - but for demonstration purposes it proved adequate .	2 GB RAM	neutral
I would highly recommend this product for anyone who wishes a strong dual band connection .	dual band connection	neutral
Also , I am always concerned about support , so I called Diamond before I bought the TV tuner	support	neutral
But it fits in the palm of my hand , easily in a pocket , and expand out to something that fills the room with clear , crisp sound with adequate bass and enough fidelity that I do n't tire of listening to it .	sound	neutral
But it fits in the palm of my hand , easily in a pocket , and expand out to something that fills the room with clear , crisp sound with adequate bass and enough fidelity that I do n't tire of listening to it .	bass	neutral
Overpriced , given all the features ( or lack thereof ) and " cheap " material used - Side pockets barely accommodate my water	features	neutral
The display presented on the laptop screen is very readable .	display	neutral
The proce / performance ratio is very good .	proce /	neutral
The proce / performance ratio is very good .	performance ratio	neutral
They hold a decent charge but the main issue I have is that you can only separate them by 2 feet do to wiring .	charge	neutral
They hold a decent charge but the main issue I have is that you can only separate them by 2 feet do to wiring .	wiring	neutral
Will never buy another HP product of any kind again ..... the first customer service person I spoke with was unsympathetic and nearly rude .	customer service person	neutral
However , the downside to it is it turn off the charging itself once the phone reach to 100 % .	charging itself	neutral
Its a charger how wonderful could it be ?	charger	neutral
This adapter worked perfectly !	adapter	neutral
Very nice , sleek packaging .	packaging	neutral
Being an ASUS product and having used ASUS motherboards in desktop computers	motherboards	neutral
This service is well worth the cost .	service	neutral
This service is well worth the cost .	cost	neutral
The pockets are abundant , although the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I would like to see some larger , more accessible pockets from the outside .	pockets	neutral
The pockets are abundant , although the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I would like to see some larger , more accessible pockets from the outside .	pockets	neutral
I still can not figure out how to get out of different screens .	screens	neutral
I would recommend this to anyone looking for a new charger	charger	neutral
This paradox makes owning an E5 rather pointless for most DAP and PMP owners , unless of course they happen to be running around with a fairly inefficient headphone set .	headphone set	neutral
These helped me connect my 2 front panel	front panel	neutral
but I run a cooling fan under my laptop so may use up more battery .	cooling fan	neutral
but I run a cooling fan under my laptop so may use up more battery .	battery	neutral
The touchpad would not scroll because the driver was not installed .	touchpad	neutral
The touchpad would not scroll because the driver was not installed .	driver	neutral
The " power cord that plugs into the wall from the switch ' IS ' the ethernet cable " , you do n't need anything else ( if you already have the units installed ) .	power cord	neutral
The " power cord that plugs into the wall from the switch ' IS ' the ethernet cable " , you do n't need anything else ( if you already have the units installed ) .	switch	neutral
The " power cord that plugs into the wall from the switch ' IS ' the ethernet cable " , you do n't need anything else ( if you already have the units installed ) .	ethernet cable	neutral
Once you install this in your camera or device , you will generally want to format the card with your compatible device 's interface .	card	neutral
Once you install this in your camera or device , you will generally want to format the card with your compatible device 's interface .	interface	neutral
Works flawlessly with my iPhone , mouse , camera and all , nice little package for the desktop , minus one star for the useless blue light which glows 24/7 .	mouse	neutral
Works flawlessly with my iPhone , mouse , camera and all , nice little package for the desktop , minus one star for the useless blue light which glows 24/7 .	blue light	neutral
This newest generation of SSD+HDD from Seagate uses cheaper MLC instead of the more expensive ( and more durable ) SLC , and they did n't increase the size of the SSD portion .	SSD+HDD	neutral
This newest generation of SSD+HDD from Seagate uses cheaper MLC instead of the more expensive ( and more durable ) SLC , and they did n't increase the size of the SSD portion .	MLC	neutral
This newest generation of SSD+HDD from Seagate uses cheaper MLC instead of the more expensive ( and more durable ) SLC , and they did n't increase the size of the SSD portion .	size	neutral
This newest generation of SSD+HDD from Seagate uses cheaper MLC instead of the more expensive ( and more durable ) SLC , and they did n't increase the size of the SSD portion .	SSD portion	neutral
I would recommend this product not only for its useful features but for Jabra 's excellent customer service .	features	neutral
I would recommend this product not only for its useful features but for Jabra 's excellent customer service .	customer service	neutral
You can see how it makes the boot screen ( ASUS Logo ) and the Windows boot screen look somewhat washed out before you even get into the OS	boot screen	neutral
You can see how it makes the boot screen ( ASUS Logo ) and the Windows boot screen look somewhat washed out before you even get into the OS	Windows boot screen	neutral
You can see how it makes the boot screen ( ASUS Logo ) and the Windows boot screen look somewhat washed out before you even get into the OS	OS	neutral
Bad design : although it looks really nice , it has one flaw that would irk some users .	design	neutral
The full USB has been convenient , being able to instantly plug in mouse , backup drive , and external CD / DVD drive.- full Microsoft Office Home and Student edition : this means full editions of Word , Excel , Note , and Powerpoint with an activation key .	mouse	neutral
The full USB has been convenient , being able to instantly plug in mouse , backup drive , and external CD / DVD drive.- full Microsoft Office Home and Student edition : this means full editions of Word , Excel , Note , and Powerpoint with an activation key .	backup drive	neutral
The full USB has been convenient , being able to instantly plug in mouse , backup drive , and external CD / DVD drive.- full Microsoft Office Home and Student edition : this means full editions of Word , Excel , Note , and Powerpoint with an activation key .	Microsoft Office Home	neutral
The full USB has been convenient , being able to instantly plug in mouse , backup drive , and external CD / DVD drive.- full Microsoft Office Home and Student edition : this means full editions of Word , Excel , Note , and Powerpoint with an activation key .	Word	neutral
The full USB has been convenient , being able to instantly plug in mouse , backup drive , and external CD / DVD drive.- full Microsoft Office Home and Student edition : this means full editions of Word , Excel , Note , and Powerpoint with an activation key .	Excel	neutral
The full USB has been convenient , being able to instantly plug in mouse , backup drive , and external CD / DVD drive.- full Microsoft Office Home and Student edition : this means full editions of Word , Excel , Note , and Powerpoint with an activation key .	Powerpoint	neutral
Construction quality of the enclosure looks not 100 % solid but good enough for me for my needs .	Construction quality	neutral
Construction quality of the enclosure looks not 100 % solid but good enough for me for my needs .	enclosure	neutral
The bonus keyboard cover was a surprise to me in that it also fits perfectly and is easy to get used to -- protecting my keyboard from the dust and fur of my animal menagerie !	bonus keyboard cover	neutral
The bonus keyboard cover was a surprise to me in that it also fits perfectly and is easy to get used to -- protecting my keyboard from the dust and fur of my animal menagerie !	keyboard	neutral
I wanted to use WPA2 security .	WPA2 security	neutral
ps : ( and yes , the D2 does intergrate SDHC card contents with internal library . )	SDHC card	neutral
I thought it was a USB Docking Station .	USB Docking Station	neutral
Pros- PRICE!- Excellent size and weight-	PRICE!-	neutral
Pros- PRICE!- Excellent size and weight-	size	neutral
Pros- PRICE!- Excellent size and weight-	weight-	neutral
light gaming and productivity	gaming	neutral
light gaming and productivity	productivity	neutral
It 's a battery and it does what it 's suppose to do .	battery	neutral
It has a gorgeous picture and plays digital videos like a charm , with an HDMI cable it transfers the image to my tv without losing image or sound quality .	HDMI cable	neutral
It has a gorgeous picture and plays digital videos like a charm , with an HDMI cable it transfers the image to my tv without losing image or sound quality .	sound quality	neutral
PLUS , this comes with a small docking station so , if you have to , you can position the LAN adapter ( your wireless antenna really ) for optimum reception .	docking station	neutral
PLUS , this comes with a small docking station so , if you have to , you can position the LAN adapter ( your wireless antenna really ) for optimum reception .	LAN adapter	neutral
PLUS , this comes with a small docking station so , if you have to , you can position the LAN adapter ( your wireless antenna really ) for optimum reception .	reception	neutral
The video is very good , but the noise cancellation does n't work .	video	neutral
The video is very good , but the noise cancellation does n't work .	noise cancellation	neutral
What I dislike is that it is very wide at the sides , this makes it a little uncomfortable feeling the weight load to go to the sides .	weight load	neutral
Great memory Card .	memory Card	neutral
When installing , the software asked me to assign an IP address and subnet to the print server , and started me out with all zeros .	software	neutral
When installing , the software asked me to assign an IP address and subnet to the print server , and started me out with all zeros .	print server	neutral
Most notebook and laptop computers have vents on the bottom where the computer 's internal fans pull air into the unit and discharge it out of side or rear vents .	internal fans	neutral
As someone who always commutes with my laptop it is really annoying to have to pack not only the charging brick but ALSO a huge annoying cord as well .	charging brick	neutral
As someone who always commutes with my laptop it is really annoying to have to pack not only the charging brick but ALSO a huge annoying cord as well .	cord	neutral
The battery appears to be a duplicate of the original .	battery	neutral
83 ghz instead of the N450 in the current models running at 1 . 66 ghz ; but the fact that this one has a PCI - e card for the Broadcom Crystal HD card is probably more important than the upcoming boost in speed ( which will also run the battery down more quickly).INITIAL IMPRESSSIONS :	PCI - e card	neutral
83 ghz instead of the N450 in the current models running at 1 . 66 ghz ; but the fact that this one has a PCI - e card for the Broadcom Crystal HD card is probably more important than the upcoming boost in speed ( which will also run the battery down more quickly).INITIAL IMPRESSSIONS :	Broadcom Crystal HD card	neutral
83 ghz instead of the N450 in the current models running at 1 . 66 ghz ; but the fact that this one has a PCI - e card for the Broadcom Crystal HD card is probably more important than the upcoming boost in speed ( which will also run the battery down more quickly).INITIAL IMPRESSSIONS :	speed	neutral
83 ghz instead of the N450 in the current models running at 1 . 66 ghz ; but the fact that this one has a PCI - e card for the Broadcom Crystal HD card is probably more important than the upcoming boost in speed ( which will also run the battery down more quickly).INITIAL IMPRESSSIONS :	battery	neutral
but it has a good amount of cushion to it .	cushion	neutral
If I reconnect to a different port , I may be luckier .	port	neutral
( I love the gloss , just do n't touch it ! )	gloss	neutral
It tracks great , and does not require a special surface or mouse pad .	tracks	neutral
It tracks great , and does not require a special surface or mouse pad .	surface	neutral
It tracks great , and does not require a special surface or mouse pad .	mouse pad	neutral
The power cord / adapter is almost as big as the ones on my regular laptops and does n't fit in the sleeve .	power cord / adapter	neutral
I noticed that compatibility is limited to Windows 7 ( 32 bit only ) but I am using it on Home Premium 64 bit edition and have encountered no problems .	compatibility	neutral
I noticed that compatibility is limited to Windows 7 ( 32 bit only ) but I am using it on Home Premium 64 bit edition and have encountered no problems .	Windows 7	neutral
Everything about this little computer feels so solid and well built .	built	neutral
From here , you can close it , or boot Windows 7 .	Windows 7	neutral
The caps are of the center pinch design which I prefer as , it comes off much easier than the original outer grasp one .	caps	neutral
The caps are of the center pinch design which I prefer as , it comes off much easier than the original outer grasp one .	outer	neutral
We will be able to continue using the box to store the cable when not in use .	cable	neutral
I was willing to sacrifice some bass to ditch my bulky subwoofer , which is why I bought the silver ProMedia speakers in the first place .	bass	neutral
I was willing to sacrifice some bass to ditch my bulky subwoofer , which is why I bought the silver ProMedia speakers in the first place .	subwoofer	neutral
Keeps the case from being scratched .	case	neutral
you have another way to attach to Internet	Internet	neutral
Engineers and Designers might also consider the i7 if they have thoughts about taking work home . )	i7	neutral
This battery lasts approximately 4 hours from a full charge , and seems to act perfectly as a direct replacement in my T61 .	battery	neutral
This battery lasts approximately 4 hours from a full charge , and seems to act perfectly as a direct replacement in my T61 .	charge	neutral
This means that it requires TWO USB ports on your computer or laptop to power this thing .	USB ports	neutral
In addition , we have no receptacle where we want the radio positioned .	receptacle	neutral
My mother in law was getting a message upon boot that the battery was ' not recognized ' and flustered with the holdup starting the computer .	battery	neutral
Yet this BRAND NEW SanDisk drive transfers at 3 MB / sec !	SanDisk drive	neutral
Obviously I ca n't say anything about the longevity of the Belkin .	longevity	neutral
DesignPlastic Chassis , glossy black - like finish and black - anodized brushed aluminum palm wrest and keyboard area .	DesignPlastic	neutral
DesignPlastic Chassis , glossy black - like finish and black - anodized brushed aluminum palm wrest and keyboard area .	Chassis	neutral
DesignPlastic Chassis , glossy black - like finish and black - anodized brushed aluminum palm wrest and keyboard area .	finish	neutral
DesignPlastic Chassis , glossy black - like finish and black - anodized brushed aluminum palm wrest and keyboard area .	palm wrest	neutral
DesignPlastic Chassis , glossy black - like finish and black - anodized brushed aluminum palm wrest and keyboard area .	keyboard area	neutral
The keys are not soft like many laptops that I looked at before choosing this one .	keys	neutral
2 fan cooling really works , but do n't get just a single fan .	2 fan cooling	neutral
2 fan cooling really works , but do n't get just a single fan .	fan	neutral
If the screws are in too tight then you may have to get another screwdriver to get the job done since it will provide better torque .	screws	neutral
If the screws are in too tight then you may have to get another screwdriver to get the job done since it will provide better torque .	screwdriver	neutral
If the screws are in too tight then you may have to get another screwdriver to get the job done since it will provide better torque .	torque	neutral
One has to wonder why only $ 50 for such exceptional speakers .	speakers	neutral
But the headphones are not of best quality .	headphones	neutral
They both work fine , but a common complaint here - that the plug & # 34;slips out&#34 ; of your laptop is a concern .	plug	neutral
The only thing is because it is made of plastic , it does n't feel as sturdy as you would like a keyboard to be .	keyboard	neutral
but I just could not justify the price .	price	neutral
I use Pluggable 's USB 2 . 0 to DVI on a mac with USB 2 . 0 and thunderbolt and there is a noticeable lag with mouse movement and youtube playback .	USB 2 . 0 to DVI	neutral
I use Pluggable 's USB 2 . 0 to DVI on a mac with USB 2 . 0 and thunderbolt and there is a noticeable lag with mouse movement and youtube playback .	USB 2 . 0	neutral
I use Pluggable 's USB 2 . 0 to DVI on a mac with USB 2 . 0 and thunderbolt and there is a noticeable lag with mouse movement and youtube playback .	thunderbolt	neutral
I use Pluggable 's USB 2 . 0 to DVI on a mac with USB 2 . 0 and thunderbolt and there is a noticeable lag with mouse movement and youtube playback .	mouse movement	neutral
Nice to get rid of the unprofessional magic marker labelling of disks .	magic	neutral
This processor wo n't ooh and aww you to death	processor	neutral
The sleeve protects the laptop well and is light as well .	sleeve	neutral
As I mentioned it compliments my studies in programming and also allows me to work with the Adobe Web Premium bundle without a problem .	Adobe Web Premium bundle	neutral
I had a heck of time trying to find my girlfriend a case that she liked for her	case	neutral
I think Razer has done a good job of getting a large wattage power supply into a larger footprint .	wattage power supply	neutral
I think Razer has done a good job of getting a large wattage power supply into a larger footprint .	footprint	neutral
I had to return this to Amazon because of what I consider a fatal flaw in the keyboard design .	keyboard design	neutral
About a week ago I bought the Etekcity Etekcity High Power 802 .	High Power 802	neutral
My first set was defective and the backlight flickered , so I decided to exchange it .	backlight	neutral
keyboard broke and hard disk failed and had to be replaced .	keyboard	neutral
keyboard broke and hard disk failed and had to be replaced .	hard disk	neutral
Sales guy recommended it - next time I 'm buying where there 's no restocking fee !	Sales	neutral
Good battery life is part of this .	battery life	neutral
For those key applications that still are not available in 64 bit versions , we will all just have to wait a little bit longer .	applications	neutral
RAM- 32 MB ATI Rage Video Card with VGA out port- 15 inch built - in XVGA LCD Display- 80 GB IDE Hard	RAM-	neutral
RAM- 32 MB ATI Rage Video Card with VGA out port- 15 inch built - in XVGA LCD Display- 80 GB IDE Hard	VGA out port-	neutral
RAM- 32 MB ATI Rage Video Card with VGA out port- 15 inch built - in XVGA LCD Display- 80 GB IDE Hard	IDE Hard	neutral
The Surface is already sturdy enough , and what I looked for was a thin and light cover to avoid scratches and stains when placed on cafeteria tables	Surface	neutral
The Surface is already sturdy enough , and what I looked for was a thin and light cover to avoid scratches and stains when placed on cafeteria tables	cover	neutral
I really like this usb abapter because it 's not hidden away	usb abapter	neutral
I 'll get an external Lightscribe CD / DVD drive to use as I need it .	external Lightscribe CD / DVD drive	neutral
This case is great .	case	neutral
But for the occasional game , the occasional video edit , you 'll score well here .	game	neutral
This is no substitute for a full - size keyboard for writing your novel - but it 's working well for smartphone input at the desk ... small footprint , long lasting charge , easy bluetooth connect .	keyboard	neutral
This is no substitute for a full - size keyboard for writing your novel - but it 's working well for smartphone input at the desk ... small footprint , long lasting charge , easy bluetooth connect .	charge	neutral
This is no substitute for a full - size keyboard for writing your novel - but it 's working well for smartphone input at the desk ... small footprint , long lasting charge , easy bluetooth connect .	bluetooth connect	neutral
When connected to an external monitor , you can mirror or extend the desktop .	external monitor	neutral
I suspect a faulty USB wire inside the device as it may not have proper strain relief inside to accommodate the overly tight wire tension and it pulls too tight when removing it from the storage slot around the device .	USB wire	neutral
I suspect a faulty USB wire inside the device as it may not have proper strain relief inside to accommodate the overly tight wire tension and it pulls too tight when removing it from the storage slot around the device .	strain relief	neutral
I suspect a faulty USB wire inside the device as it may not have proper strain relief inside to accommodate the overly tight wire tension and it pulls too tight when removing it from the storage slot around the device .	wire tension	neutral
I suspect a faulty USB wire inside the device as it may not have proper strain relief inside to accommodate the overly tight wire tension and it pulls too tight when removing it from the storage slot around the device .	storage slot	neutral
When I send sound to a camera , there is a headphone jack that allows me to hear what the camera hears , so I can verify that the sound is getting on the tape .	headphone jack	neutral
But if you enjoy a variety of music and like the presence of bass , these may be just the perfect speakers you 've been looking for .	bass	neutral
But if you enjoy a variety of music and like the presence of bass , these may be just the perfect speakers you 've been looking for .	speakers	neutral
This computer comes with Windows 7 Premium 64-bit with 2 GB of RAM to handle it nicely .	Windows 7 Premium 64-bit	neutral
This computer comes with Windows 7 Premium 64-bit with 2 GB of RAM to handle it nicely .	2	neutral
Life is too short to worry about a stinking battery , so I was shocked , finding out the battery was toast after using the laptop twice .	Life	neutral
Life is too short to worry about a stinking battery , so I was shocked , finding out the battery was toast after using the laptop twice .	battery	neutral
Life is too short to worry about a stinking battery , so I was shocked , finding out the battery was toast after using the laptop twice .	battery	neutral
I am now hearing details that only could be heard on very expensive CD / DVD players ! ! !	CD / DVD players	neutral
Other features include an adjustable tripod holder , which I suppose could just as well be used as a light stand holder .	tripod holder	neutral
Other features include an adjustable tripod holder , which I suppose could just as well be used as a light stand holder .	stand holder	neutral
Pictue and sound work great .	Pictue	neutral
Pictue and sound work great .	sound	neutral
faster seagate 7 , 200 .	seagate 7 , 200	neutral
So the only indication that your device is charging is the device itself which may beep or have some visual indicator .	charging	neutral
For the price , you are getting a bit more than you are paying for .	price	neutral
This laptop cooling pad is great .	cooling pad	neutral
Also , the caps lock button has an indicator light in it , which we can not see after putting on this cover .	caps lock button	neutral
In my experience , the Wi - Fi cards are more stable than the USB ones .	Wi - Fi cards	neutral
In my experience , the Wi - Fi cards are more stable than the USB ones .	USB	neutral
and i refuse to buy another external mouseWindows	external mouseWindows	neutral
I give them 5 stars for customer service .	customer service	neutral
As far as Mac OS X vs. Windows 7 , let me be the first to say that Windows 7 is a huge disappointment , although better than Vista was .	Mac OS X	neutral
As far as Mac OS X vs. Windows 7 , let me be the first to say that Windows 7 is a huge disappointment , although better than Vista was .	Windows 7	neutral
As far as Mac OS X vs. Windows 7 , let me be the first to say that Windows 7 is a huge disappointment , although better than Vista was .	Windows 7	neutral
As far as Mac OS X vs. Windows 7 , let me be the first to say that Windows 7 is a huge disappointment , although better than Vista was .	Vista	neutral
Zbook has much thinner expansion slot and a different alignment for the internal retaining screw .	expansion slot	neutral
Zbook has much thinner expansion slot and a different alignment for the internal retaining screw .	internal retaining screw	neutral
Some of the keys are in different places than what I 'm used to , and it 's hard to type using the " home row " keys if that 's what you 're used to .	keys	neutral
If you have it on your lap for web browsing or movies , you will just barely be able to perceive it 's warmth .	web browsing	neutral
The blue color is more of a teal ( according to my wife ) but kind of grew on me after awhile .	blue color	neutral
Personally , I have my keyboard set to stay on all the time , and naturally , it turns off automatically when the computer is shut down .	keyboard	neutral
I would still buy Linksys wireless - G products - their range is great , the router is inside an aluminum Airstream trailer transmitting 100 + feet to inside a house with good reception .	range	neutral
I would still buy Linksys wireless - G products - their range is great , the router is inside an aluminum Airstream trailer transmitting 100 + feet to inside a house with good reception .	reception	neutral
I used this product on a trip to India and found it to be well designed and built .	designed	neutral
I used this product on a trip to India and found it to be well designed and built .	built	neutral
They do make great computer speakers and mp3 speakers as well .	speakers	neutral
They do make great computer speakers and mp3 speakers as well .	mp3 speakers	neutral
The track pad is sensitive and responsive ; no lag time at all .	track pad	neutral
It boots in less than 30 seconds !	boots	neutral
Pros- Core i5 IVY bridge processor , ULV - The processor is a ULV version ( Ultra - Low Voltage ) .	Core i5 IVY bridge processor	neutral
Pros- Core i5 IVY bridge processor , ULV - The processor is a ULV version ( Ultra - Low Voltage ) .	processor	neutral
At this point , the iMac has become less about practicality than bragging rights ( " look guys , mine has a Fusion Drive -- just take my word for it " ) .	practicality	neutral
At this point , the iMac has become less about practicality than bragging rights ( " look guys , mine has a Fusion Drive -- just take my word for it " ) .	Fusion Drive	neutral
So I let this Bluetooth Speaker run and it played for eight hours and ten minutes before it needed a re - charge .	Bluetooth Speaker	neutral
So I let this Bluetooth Speaker run and it played for eight hours and ten minutes before it needed a re - charge .	charge	neutral
When I got it , I let it charge for a full 24 hours , then unplugged the cord and ran it until it shut itself down .	charge	neutral
When I got it , I let it charge for a full 24 hours , then unplugged the cord and ran it until it shut itself down .	cord	neutral
Unpacking and installing the hardware takes 3 minutes .	hardware	neutral
Use this mostly for Skyping and use the built in mic for & # 34;Natural Speaking&#34 ; software .	built in mic	neutral
In summary , it 's crappy trying to listen to audio feeds with the low volume combined the mono sound coming from just one side of the computer .	audio feeds	neutral
In summary , it 's crappy trying to listen to audio feeds with the low volume combined the mono sound coming from just one side of the computer .	volume	neutral
In summary , it 's crappy trying to listen to audio feeds with the low volume combined the mono sound coming from just one side of the computer .	mono sound	neutral
Works great does not leave streaks love it I would defiantly buy again .	Works	neutral
Plugs in with ease , puts out the correct voltage , as for durability ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?	voltage	neutral
Plugs in with ease , puts out the correct voltage , as for durability ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?	durability	neutral
They work great , though the design does n't really cater to cable organization .	design	neutral
They work great , though the design does n't really cater to cable organization .	cable organization	neutral
You can add 4 custom settings to the touch ring .	touch ring	neutral
I have noticed that all of the local stores have it now as a promo with these fetures and they fluxuate each week in price from $ 599 down to $ 499 depending on the store ad 's .	price	neutral
I 'm trying out the Windows Ready - Boost feature with this SD card , but since most of the things I do are not memory intensive ( surfing the web , remote desktop , VNC ) , and it 's a fairly small memory card , I have n't noticed much of a difference .	Windows Ready - Boost feature	neutral
I 'm trying out the Windows Ready - Boost feature with this SD card , but since most of the things I do are not memory intensive ( surfing the web , remote desktop , VNC ) , and it 's a fairly small memory card , I have n't noticed much of a difference .	SD card	neutral
I 'm trying out the Windows Ready - Boost feature with this SD card , but since most of the things I do are not memory intensive ( surfing the web , remote desktop , VNC ) , and it 's a fairly small memory card , I have n't noticed much of a difference .	memory	neutral
I 'm trying out the Windows Ready - Boost feature with this SD card , but since most of the things I do are not memory intensive ( surfing the web , remote desktop , VNC ) , and it 's a fairly small memory card , I have n't noticed much of a difference .	surfing the web	neutral
I 'm trying out the Windows Ready - Boost feature with this SD card , but since most of the things I do are not memory intensive ( surfing the web , remote desktop , VNC ) , and it 's a fairly small memory card , I have n't noticed much of a difference .	memory card	neutral
GoGroove support through amazon is simply fantastic .	GoGroove support	neutral
The power plug is EXTREMELY small and tight - fitting .	power plug	neutral
Pairing of the speaker to my tablet was easy .	speaker	neutral
This really is a good tablet and I can recommend it to people who want to completely get rid of mice and other pointing devices .	mice	neutral
had to keep moving it around just to get laptop to charge .	charge	neutral
; parallel ( PATA or IDE ) interface arrangement .	PATA	neutral
; parallel ( PATA or IDE ) interface arrangement .	IDE ) interface arrangement	neutral
This protector is a gem , I love it .	protector	neutral
As I applied it , you basically fill as much as is useful , whilst still having the mouse in your " Dominant " hand ( assuming you are either left or right handed ; this of course is a redundant statement if you are ambidextrous ) , and the G13 can be used in place of your mouse for the duration of the game , and the mouse can swap easily if it is wireless .	mouse	neutral
As I applied it , you basically fill as much as is useful , whilst still having the mouse in your " Dominant " hand ( assuming you are either left or right handed ; this of course is a redundant statement if you are ambidextrous ) , and the G13 can be used in place of your mouse for the duration of the game , and the mouse can swap easily if it is wireless .	mouse	neutral
As I applied it , you basically fill as much as is useful , whilst still having the mouse in your " Dominant " hand ( assuming you are either left or right handed ; this of course is a redundant statement if you are ambidextrous ) , and the G13 can be used in place of your mouse for the duration of the game , and the mouse can swap easily if it is wireless .	mouse	neutral
If you carry more than one device and want to be sure you can charge up when travelling , do n't hesitate .	charge	neutral
Keyboard keys are well spaced out and backlit is a good addition .	Keyboard keys	neutral
It drove me nuts for a bit when I could n't see the Boombox ( it shows & # 34;headset&#34 ; ) in the & # 34;playback&#34 ; window , but could in the & # 34;record&#34 ; window ( and it showed in control panel under devices and it showed that it was connected . )	control panel	neutral
but the zipper will close over the laptop without forcing it .	zipper	neutral
The quality is very good , and it 's very well built .	quality	neutral
The quality is very good , and it 's very well built .	built	neutral
For the price , it 's worth it , especially if you 're in college .	price	neutral
Two days later I was pleased to open the box and see that the main unit is virtually identical to the OEM original , and the cords are actually better construction than the OEM version -- heavier insulation , excellent cord - strain - relief design .	cords	neutral
Two days later I was pleased to open the box and see that the main unit is virtually identical to the OEM original , and the cords are actually better construction than the OEM version -- heavier insulation , excellent cord - strain - relief design .	construction	neutral
Two days later I was pleased to open the box and see that the main unit is virtually identical to the OEM original , and the cords are actually better construction than the OEM version -- heavier insulation , excellent cord - strain - relief design .	insulation	neutral
Two days later I was pleased to open the box and see that the main unit is virtually identical to the OEM original , and the cords are actually better construction than the OEM version -- heavier insulation , excellent cord - strain - relief design .	cord - strain - relief design	neutral
In the case of the machine I bought in 2011 , I 'm still using both the hard disk and the battery that came with it .	hard disk	neutral
In the case of the machine I bought in 2011 , I 'm still using both the hard disk and the battery that came with it .	battery	neutral
It can fit the computer ( macbook pro ) , a charger , a phone and a small wallet .	charger	neutral
but just a heads up , if you were thinking of using it for A2DP	A2DP	neutral
but i reccomend hi - speed wi - fi or it wo nt run as fast it can play old games you might have like cd - roms	hi - speed wi - fi	neutral
but i reccomend hi - speed wi - fi or it wo nt run as fast it can play old games you might have like cd - roms	games	neutral
but i reccomend hi - speed wi - fi or it wo nt run as fast it can play old games you might have like cd - roms	cd - roms	neutral
What was most important was the fact that while carrying a camera , flash , lenses , batteries , I - pod , camcorder , memory cards etc .	flash	neutral
What was most important was the fact that while carrying a camera , flash , lenses , batteries , I - pod , camcorder , memory cards etc .	batteries	neutral
What was most important was the fact that while carrying a camera , flash , lenses , batteries , I - pod , camcorder , memory cards etc .	memory cards	neutral
Then when I travel I just take the charger and cables connected with me .	charger	neutral
Then when I travel I just take the charger and cables connected with me .	cables	neutral
I think the pricing is in the sweet spot between cheesy ( no names ) and ridiculous ( tumi , anyone ? ) .	pricing	neutral
There is a pitfall of Windows 7 ( which also came into play with Vista ) ... the " WinSXS " directory grows to ridiculous size very quickly .	Windows 7	neutral
There is a pitfall of Windows 7 ( which also came into play with Vista ) ... the " WinSXS " directory grows to ridiculous size very quickly .	Vista	neutral
There is a pitfall of Windows 7 ( which also came into play with Vista ) ... the " WinSXS " directory grows to ridiculous size very quickly .	WinSXS " directory	neutral
works fine wish the cord was longer .	cord	neutral
The output specifications are identical to that of the original and this adapter is a fraction of the cost of a universal adapter .	output specifications	neutral
The output specifications are identical to that of the original and this adapter is a fraction of the cost of a universal adapter .	adapter	neutral
The output specifications are identical to that of the original and this adapter is a fraction of the cost of a universal adapter .	cost	neutral
The output specifications are identical to that of the original and this adapter is a fraction of the cost of a universal adapter .	universal adapter	neutral
Other - Unfortunately , I am unable to find out how I can use the software for this mouse on OS X ( Mac ) , so I can not grade the software .	software for	neutral
Other - Unfortunately , I am unable to find out how I can use the software for this mouse on OS X ( Mac ) , so I can not grade the software .	mouse	neutral
Other - Unfortunately , I am unable to find out how I can use the software for this mouse on OS X ( Mac ) , so I can not grade the software .	software	neutral
The HP logo is small and unobtrusive , neatly placed in the corner of the cover .	cover	neutral
Touchscreen LaptopPROS : I ranked this Dell on top of the list because newer and fastest CPU on the list , has top end 500 GB HD , CONS : but sacraficed with only 2 GB ram , reports of poor screen quality !	Touchscreen	neutral
Touchscreen LaptopPROS : I ranked this Dell on top of the list because newer and fastest CPU on the list , has top end 500 GB HD , CONS : but sacraficed with only 2 GB ram , reports of poor screen quality !	CPU	neutral
Touchscreen LaptopPROS : I ranked this Dell on top of the list because newer and fastest CPU on the list , has top end 500 GB HD , CONS : but sacraficed with only 2 GB ram , reports of poor screen quality !	500 GB HD	neutral
Touchscreen LaptopPROS : I ranked this Dell on top of the list because newer and fastest CPU on the list , has top end 500 GB HD , CONS : but sacraficed with only 2 GB ram , reports of poor screen quality !	2 GB ram	neutral
Touchscreen LaptopPROS : I ranked this Dell on top of the list because newer and fastest CPU on the list , has top end 500 GB HD , CONS : but sacraficed with only 2 GB ram , reports of poor screen quality !	screen quality	neutral
Keys and everything works fine .	Keys	neutral
you have to remove 9 screws in the back but the speaker itself is still completely enclosed .	speaker	neutral
The bass is strong for this small unit , I can feel the vibrations from the music as I type .	bass	neutral
The material is n't the " silky " lens cloths ( which is worthless ) but very fine fiber like extremely short velvet .	material	neutral
The material is n't the " silky " lens cloths ( which is worthless ) but very fine fiber like extremely short velvet .	lens cloths	neutral
I wanted one with a real keyboard , not the cheap Microsoft entry level pressure one , but one with real keys that move when you push down .	keyboard	neutral
I wanted one with a real keyboard , not the cheap Microsoft entry level pressure one , but one with real keys that move when you push down .	keys	neutral
I did n't need the drivers , but here is the site to get them at	drivers	neutral
that have USB ports in that sport ( right hand corner near monitor	USB ports	neutral
The keys are small and more suited to two - finger hunt - and - peck .	keys	neutral
It kept a charge for 90 min .	charge	neutral
The speakers are great and working fine !	speakers	neutral
The video quality so far is fantastic , no dead pixels .	video quality	neutral
This is an ideal CPU for an Ultrabook .	CPU	neutral
the next day when I plugged the charger into the laptop , I noticed it said the battery was not charging and when I unplugged the charger the laptop shutdown , as if there was no battery .	charger	neutral
the next day when I plugged the charger into the laptop , I noticed it said the battery was not charging and when I unplugged the charger the laptop shutdown , as if there was no battery .	battery	neutral
the next day when I plugged the charger into the laptop , I noticed it said the battery was not charging and when I unplugged the charger the laptop shutdown , as if there was no battery .	charger	neutral
the next day when I plugged the charger into the laptop , I noticed it said the battery was not charging and when I unplugged the charger the laptop shutdown , as if there was no battery .	battery	neutral
The wide screen is cool but it is harder to hold over time .	screen	neutral
I realize that this computer is extra - thin and an optical drive would have not been feasible but I miss having one at hand .	optical drive	neutral
Even though it 's a slightly slower processor , there is a GPU that takes off some of the load- Tweaks .	processor	neutral
Even though it 's a slightly slower processor , there is a GPU that takes off some of the load- Tweaks .	GPU	neutral
The Medialink - USB Bluetooth works great with Windows 7 64 bit Enterprise Edition , did n't have any problem whatsoever .	Medialink - USB Bluetooth	neutral
The Medialink - USB Bluetooth works great with Windows 7 64 bit Enterprise Edition , did n't have any problem whatsoever .	Windows 7 64 bit Enterprise Edition	neutral
My last bag started to rip at the zippers ...	zippers	neutral
I ca n't say I 'm on top of the features of the modern backpack	features	neutral
the SSD and touch screen were just a bonus .	SSD	neutral
the SSD and touch screen were just a bonus .	touch screen	neutral
So that leaves it as a reasonably average thin - and - light ultrabook with good build quality but not much else going for it .	build quality	neutral
sdhc).Really , the only reason I got it was for the keyboard .	sdhc).Really	neutral
sdhc).Really , the only reason I got it was for the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I 've had Chrome , PhotoShop , MS Access , MS Word and MS Excel all open at the same time with INSTANT switches between the programs ( guess everything is being held in RAM and not having to swap out memory to the hard drive ) .	Chrome	neutral
I 've had Chrome , PhotoShop , MS Access , MS Word and MS Excel all open at the same time with INSTANT switches between the programs ( guess everything is being held in RAM and not having to swap out memory to the hard drive ) .	PhotoShop	neutral
I 've had Chrome , PhotoShop , MS Access , MS Word and MS Excel all open at the same time with INSTANT switches between the programs ( guess everything is being held in RAM and not having to swap out memory to the hard drive ) .	MS Access	neutral
I 've had Chrome , PhotoShop , MS Access , MS Word and MS Excel all open at the same time with INSTANT switches between the programs ( guess everything is being held in RAM and not having to swap out memory to the hard drive ) .	MS Word	neutral
I 've had Chrome , PhotoShop , MS Access , MS Word and MS Excel all open at the same time with INSTANT switches between the programs ( guess everything is being held in RAM and not having to swap out memory to the hard drive ) .	MS Excel	neutral
I 've had Chrome , PhotoShop , MS Access , MS Word and MS Excel all open at the same time with INSTANT switches between the programs ( guess everything is being held in RAM and not having to swap out memory to the hard drive ) .	programs	neutral
I 've had Chrome , PhotoShop , MS Access , MS Word and MS Excel all open at the same time with INSTANT switches between the programs ( guess everything is being held in RAM and not having to swap out memory to the hard drive ) .	RAM	neutral
I 've had Chrome , PhotoShop , MS Access , MS Word and MS Excel all open at the same time with INSTANT switches between the programs ( guess everything is being held in RAM and not having to swap out memory to the hard drive ) .	memory	neutral
I 've had Chrome , PhotoShop , MS Access , MS Word and MS Excel all open at the same time with INSTANT switches between the programs ( guess everything is being held in RAM and not having to swap out memory to the hard drive ) .	hard drive	neutral
Bad quality !	quality	neutral
I put my device in a drink holder , then loop the cable up around a knob on my dash which works great .	cable	neutral
Then one day , upon restarting the computer and TV , sound magically started coming through my TV speakers !	sound	neutral
Then one day , upon restarting the computer and TV , sound magically started coming through my TV speakers !	speakers	neutral
Apart from this , if you use a laptop and connect the printer / scanner using USB , you have to have to have the printer turned off when you connect it .	printer / scanner	neutral
Apart from this , if you use a laptop and connect the printer / scanner using USB , you have to have to have the printer turned off when you connect it .	USB	neutral
It is fast , light , with good specifications .	specifications	neutral
Very convenient and useful having a universal plug .	universal plug	neutral
the only problem that i encountered was the screen was too small for a program that i use for work .	screen	neutral
the only problem that i encountered was the screen was too small for a program that i use for work .	program	neutral
I would recommend the Lexar JumpDrive Sport over all the similar products I have tried , mainly because it performed smoothly with both the MAC and PC and never required a re - boot , even though the Lexar only held out for a month .	Lexar JumpDrive Sport	neutral
I would recommend the Lexar JumpDrive Sport over all the similar products I have tried , mainly because it performed smoothly with both the MAC and PC and never required a re - boot , even though the Lexar only held out for a month .	Lexar	neutral
Large screen , easy to use the keyboard ...	screen	neutral
Large screen , easy to use the keyboard ...	use	neutral
Large screen , easy to use the keyboard ...	keyboard	neutral
CUSTOMER SUPPORTNot utilizedPROS:++ Product mimics the world of Apple from product packaging to appearance++ Sturdy constructionCONS:++	CUSTOMER SUPPORTNot	neutral
CUSTOMER SUPPORTNot utilizedPROS:++ Product mimics the world of Apple from product packaging to appearance++ Sturdy constructionCONS:++	constructionCONS:++	neutral
Wacom FINALLY made the darn thing ambidextrous !	Wacom	neutral
and then I realized that the " Samsung Service Magician " software ( that came with the drive ) has utilities for tuning the drive .	Samsung Service Magician " software	neutral
and then I realized that the " Samsung Service Magician " software ( that came with the drive ) has utilities for tuning the drive .	drive	neutral
and then I realized that the " Samsung Service Magician " software ( that came with the drive ) has utilities for tuning the drive .	drive	neutral
Well padded , large main compartment , and the Notebook slit is perfect for a 15 " MacBook Pro .	main compartment	neutral
Well padded , large main compartment , and the Notebook slit is perfect for a 15 " MacBook Pro .	Notebook slit	neutral
iPod+ Bungee cord allows for different types of attachment configurations+ Excellent quality zippers+ Ability to store your device within the speaker+ Comes in a variety of	Bungee cord	neutral
iPod+ Bungee cord allows for different types of attachment configurations+ Excellent quality zippers+ Ability to store your device within the speaker+ Comes in a variety of	zippers+	neutral
I keep my laptop configured for max performance ( vs power save ) and it provides over 2 hours of power , even when using the DVD drive .	performance	neutral
I keep my laptop configured for max performance ( vs power save ) and it provides over 2 hours of power , even when using the DVD drive .	power save	neutral
I keep my laptop configured for max performance ( vs power save ) and it provides over 2 hours of power , even when using the DVD drive .	power	neutral
I keep my laptop configured for max performance ( vs power save ) and it provides over 2 hours of power , even when using the DVD drive .	DVD drive	neutral
The only gripe is that is uses its own charging plug instead of a usb - based one .	charging plug	neutral
The only gripe is that is uses its own charging plug instead of a usb - based one .	usb -	neutral
If you happen to have set a magazine on the keyboard or anything else that might have pressed the keys be prepared for the login screen to tell you your password is wrong because numlock is on .	keyboard	neutral
If you happen to have set a magazine on the keyboard or anything else that might have pressed the keys be prepared for the login screen to tell you your password is wrong because numlock is on .	keys	neutral
The Belkin 4-Port Switch works well and is easy to set up .	Belkin	neutral
The Belkin 4-Port Switch works well and is easy to set up .	4-Port Switch	neutral
The Belkin 4-Port Switch works well and is easy to set up .	set up	neutral
It is easy to set up and use on any computer on your network .	set up	neutral
It is easy to set up and use on any computer on your network .	use	neutral
Works great .	Works	neutral
The dock was a large part of the reason I got the Transformer , but unfortunately it ended up being the worst part of the Transformer .	dock	neutral
Several months ago the left mouse button started to fail	left mouse button	neutral
are just the speakers of course and they sound good to me .	speakers	neutral
Make sure you order one size larger than your laptop screen size and everything should work out fine .	screen size	neutral
It is incredibly responsive to touch , and it is the fastest to start , from a cold start to internet browsing , it only takes 5 seconds .	touch	neutral
It is incredibly responsive to touch , and it is the fastest to start , from a cold start to internet browsing , it only takes 5 seconds .	internet browsing	neutral
and they 're functions of the arrows on this keyboard layout .	keyboard layout	neutral
Recommended , but test all ports after purchase and check for driver updates .	ports	neutral
Recommended , but test all ports after purchase and check for driver updates .	driver	neutral
Got ta love it for the price and usage .	price	neutral
Got ta love it for the price and usage .	usage	neutral
The other novelty here is the retractable cords .	retractable cords	neutral
the " one piece " look of the flush fitting surface .	surface	neutral
I tried an SSD but this motherboard does not play well with the SandForce SSD controller .	SSD	neutral
I tried an SSD but this motherboard does not play well with the SandForce SSD controller .	motherboard	neutral
I tried an SSD but this motherboard does not play well with the SandForce SSD controller .	SandForce SSD controller	neutral
Switching from XP to OSX , the drive is quite fast on a mac and does not need any special software or drivers .	XP	neutral
Switching from XP to OSX , the drive is quite fast on a mac and does not need any special software or drivers .	OSX	neutral
Switching from XP to OSX , the drive is quite fast on a mac and does not need any special software or drivers .	drive	neutral
Switching from XP to OSX , the drive is quite fast on a mac and does not need any special software or drivers .	software	neutral
Switching from XP to OSX , the drive is quite fast on a mac and does not need any special software or drivers .	drivers	neutral
The palm rest is very ergonomic and does n't lend itself to hand / wrist fatigue .	palm rest	neutral
I&#8217;ve had other bags with fancy metal clasps and buckles that would make a lot of noise , you won&#8217;t have that here .	clasps	neutral
I&#8217;ve had other bags with fancy metal clasps and buckles that would make a lot of noise , you won&#8217;t have that here .	buckles	neutral
Update 2 - I declined to give them a credit card number for a warranty replacement .	warranty	neutral
Potential Windows migrants really ought to look before they leap into the Mac OS .	Mac OS	neutral
It has decent battery life ( 5 - 6 hours after ~200 charge cycles ) .	battery life	neutral
plus it was getting a bit fuzzy on edge tape , so I bought an another XL .	edge tape	neutral
The drive is pretty fast for a USB 2 . 0 drive , but is compatible with USB 1 . 0 .	drive	neutral
The drive is pretty fast for a USB 2 . 0 drive , but is compatible with USB 1 . 0 .	USB 2 . 0 drive	neutral
The drive is pretty fast for a USB 2 . 0 drive , but is compatible with USB 1 . 0 .	USB 1 . 0	neutral
Please do n't be afraid of that operating system .	operating system	neutral
Very easy to connect , I have been using it since I bought it a few months ago primarily to watch computer ( online ) movies , a lot additional entertainment .	connect	neutral
Since it does seem to work with most external HDs I 'll keep it but move it to a PC where that is all it needs to do .	external HDs	neutral
If you have an LED , LCD , or plasma TV and want an IR receiver for your repeater system , this is one of a handful of ridiculously priced options .	IR receiver	neutral
If you have an LED , LCD , or plasma TV and want an IR receiver for your repeater system , this is one of a handful of ridiculously priced options .	repeater system	neutral
8 external hard drives in my big rig and 2 of these in a daisy chain connected to a 4 port Belkin works as these should .	external hard drives	neutral
when battery died on an older laptop looked around for the replacement before deciding on this one -- replacement was a no brainer -- getting at least four hrs ( never really checked ) of heavy use--	battery	neutral
Great / stylish case for a macbook pro .	case	neutral
These speakers are perfect little gems !	speakers	neutral
Watch out for the " power option " that you are using .	power option	neutral
For awhile Amazons shipping was getting a little sloppy but the last few orders I have made were just great , so	shipping	neutral
In my line of work ( IT / Programming )	IT	neutral
In my line of work ( IT / Programming )	Programming	neutral
Using the metro browser and watching Amazon movies I 'm getting around 7hrs but using the desktop browser	metro browser	neutral
Using the metro browser and watching Amazon movies I 'm getting around 7hrs but using the desktop browser	desktop browser	neutral
The best design of this bag , of course , is the separate padded laptop storage area which includes a strap to tightly secure your laptop in place .	design	neutral
The best design of this bag , of course , is the separate padded laptop storage area which includes a strap to tightly secure your laptop in place .	laptop storage area	neutral
But with a screw driver and about five minutes , it can be removed easily enough .	screw driver	neutral
Size : I got the large bag .	Size	neutral
Web pages load and open faster than on the Mini ( ad block pro extension is key ) .	ad block pro extension	neutral
Case is matte black satin finish .	Case	neutral
Ethernet adapter and works as it should .	Ethernet adapter	neutral
" autorun . exe " and click " extract all"4 .	autorun . exe	neutral
Opening it up required removing the warranty sticker , which was OK as it is now out of warranty anyway .	warranty sticker	neutral
Opening it up required removing the warranty sticker , which was OK as it is now out of warranty anyway .	warranty	neutral
This short cord greatly reduces what I have to carry .	cord	neutral
Updates that should have taken 15 - 30 minutes ( based upon my experience of installing XP and all of the updates on my 4 year old case computer ) wound up taking quite a few hours .	Updates	neutral
Updates that should have taken 15 - 30 minutes ( based upon my experience of installing XP and all of the updates on my 4 year old case computer ) wound up taking quite a few hours .	XP	neutral
I was looking for a set of speakers to hook up to a Sirius Stiletto home dock so that I could listen to Sirius while in my home office .	speakers	neutral
They look pretty cool , but personally , I like my speakers up , and out of the way as much as possible .	speakers	neutral
It is also something one can do with two small basic screwdrivers .	screwdrivers	neutral
For the current price ( under thirty dollars ) , you get a lot of bags for the buck .	price	neutral
It 's completely portable , packs a rich sound and is good value for money , especially if you compare it to the Bose equivalent for example .	sound	neutral
Once I charged it up and turned it on , it booted up fairly quick for the first time and I got to play around with Windows 8 for the first time .	booted up	neutral
Once I charged it up and turned it on , it booted up fairly quick for the first time and I got to play around with Windows 8 for the first time .	Windows 8	neutral
I like portability and this is the size of a small phone if you intend on walking with it in your pocket .	portability	neutral
Either way , I 'm changing the OS to Windows 7 RC instead of the horrible Vista Home that comes pre - installed .	OS	neutral
Either way , I 'm changing the OS to Windows 7 RC instead of the horrible Vista Home that comes pre - installed .	Windows 7 RC	neutral
Either way , I 'm changing the OS to Windows 7 RC instead of the horrible Vista Home that comes pre - installed .	Vista Home	neutral
I had to use a stylus while visiting someone in the hospital , as a gown and gloves were required when visiting , and gloves seriously interfere with using the iPad 's touchscreen .	stylus	neutral
I had to use a stylus while visiting someone in the hospital , as a gown and gloves were required when visiting , and gloves seriously interfere with using the iPad 's touchscreen .	touchscreen	neutral
I checked out Chrome 's web store and was surprised at the options ( compared to the Play store	Play	neutral
Turns out you have to hold the power button down past the beep .	power button	neutral
I also liked the idea that you can download the open - source Rockbox software to improve the functionality of the player .	Rockbox software	neutral
I also liked the idea that you can download the open - source Rockbox software to improve the functionality of the player .	functionality	neutral
Get the right torx driver and screw drivers BEFORE you do anything !	torx driver	neutral
Get the right torx driver and screw drivers BEFORE you do anything !	screw drivers	neutral
I 'd prefer something with an offset layout ( i. e. where the keys are n't aligned in neat vertical columns ) , but it works well enough regardless .	layout	neutral
I 'd prefer something with an offset layout ( i. e. where the keys are n't aligned in neat vertical columns ) , but it works well enough regardless .	keys	neutral
Its nice , quality looks decent .	quality	neutral
the face tracking is able to be turned off	face tracking	neutral
( Cable Matters SuperSpeed USB 3 . 0 to RJ45 Gigabit Ethernet Adapter in Black ) .	Cable Matters SuperSpeed USB 3 . 0 to RJ45 Gigabit Ethernet Adapter	neutral
While the USB was a little low frame rate and slowed my mouse slightly , running the video to the HDMI and using the USB monitor as my desktop display works AWESOME !	USB	neutral
While the USB was a little low frame rate and slowed my mouse slightly , running the video to the HDMI and using the USB monitor as my desktop display works AWESOME !	mouse	neutral
While the USB was a little low frame rate and slowed my mouse slightly , running the video to the HDMI and using the USB monitor as my desktop display works AWESOME !	HDMI	neutral
While the USB was a little low frame rate and slowed my mouse slightly , running the video to the HDMI and using the USB monitor as my desktop display works AWESOME !	USB monitor	neutral
Unfortunately , there was no AC adapter in the box .	AC adapter	neutral
It works well in both my Kodak and Nikon digital cameras .	works	neutral
Eventually , I turned off my Windows XP wireless feature	Windows XP wireless feature	neutral
Playback audio is in sync with video ( recordings ) 7 .	Playback audio	neutral
I compared the speeds of an Intel 330 SSD in this enclosure vs. a SIIG SATA 6Gb	speeds	neutral
I compared the speeds of an Intel 330 SSD in this enclosure vs. a SIIG SATA 6Gb	Intel 330 SSD	neutral
I compared the speeds of an Intel 330 SSD in this enclosure vs. a SIIG SATA 6Gb	SATA	neutral
I compared the speeds of an Intel 330 SSD in this enclosure vs. a SIIG SATA 6Gb	6Gb	neutral
The pouch in the back fits the charging cord or an external hard drive or some small item .	pouch	neutral
The pouch in the back fits the charging cord or an external hard drive or some small item .	charging cord	neutral
The pouch in the back fits the charging cord or an external hard drive or some small item .	external hard drive	neutral
I 'd recommend buying from this seller and if anyone needs a laptop keyboard like this one or for any other laptop , buy it from this seller .	keyboard	neutral
It boots AMAZINGLY fast .	boots	neutral
I can boldly state than Win8 preloaded	Win8 preloaded	neutral
... it will eventually loose signal .	signal	neutral
so I guess those are good features if you need those .	features	neutral
I can change the volume by using the settings charm , as well , but it would be great if there were a volume button or	volume	neutral
I can change the volume by using the settings charm , as well , but it would be great if there were a volume button or	volume button	neutral
They work with cleansing sprays and with larger screens as well	screens	neutral
The " kit " comes with everything you need : screen protector , wet spray , cloth , and a squeegee .	screen protector	neutral
I place the screen at a certain viewing angle and it starts to sag .	screen	neutral
She really likes them , and the sound is better than the internal speakers in the laptop .	sound	neutral
She really likes them , and the sound is better than the internal speakers in the laptop .	internal speakers	neutral
Its lightweight , compact , and has a large enough screen to enjoy movies on a plane .	screen	neutral
Overall : 5/5 stars , works so far , but only time will tell if it solved the " Plugged in , not charging " issue with my Dell Inspiron 1545 .	charging	neutral
A co - worker has 2 of these ( for herself and her husband ) and says she and her kids have treated it quite roughly without any screen damage .	screen	neutral
But this is different from changing the operating system .	operating system	neutral
After learning that heat hastens the demise of laptop batteries , I looked into getting something to cool down my daughter 's laptop .	batteries	neutral
Fast speed and works very great .	speed	neutral
Fast speed and works very great .	works	neutral
Close RegeditAgain reset the TCIP binding :	TCIP binding	neutral
Purchasing an APC PNET1 GB device to add RJ-45 protection back for PC .	APC PNET1 GB	neutral
One does n't get the confident feedback from the keys , as one would get from a larger , more expensive notebook .	keys	neutral
I may just use this mouse with my laptop since it will store easily in the laptops case .	mouse	neutral
After the Costco fiasco there were no more of those bargain packets in either household .	Costco	neutral
But I then needed a second , longer cord to have both hooked up .	cord	neutral
The sound cracks up at times .	sound	neutral
Besides good quality sound , I like it 's size .	sound	neutral
Besides good quality sound , I like it 's size .	size	neutral
In fact the glare is actually worse with this protector installed .	protector	neutral
Just type in & # 34;USB OTG&#34 ; in PlayStore and download one of the apps , and it will work .	PlayStore	neutral
and now it 'll stay charged for a few hours .	charged	neutral
MP3 bought 3 songs , download to device no probs , went to cloud player and played some of my own music and works as expected.- Went to the Android market and loaded my apps that were available for tablets .	cloud player	neutral
MP3 bought 3 songs , download to device no probs , went to cloud player and played some of my own music and works as expected.- Went to the Android market and loaded my apps that were available for tablets .	apps	neutral
They have Velcro sides , so you can adjust them or move them wherever .	Velcro sides	neutral
Great aux cord at a great price .	aux cord	neutral
Great aux cord at a great price .	price	neutral
If you google me " wwjoshdew " , I 'll have a video on how to open this thing up and put an SSD in it .	SSD	neutral
I tried this keyboard for school but the original AirBook keyboard is much better .	keyboard	neutral
I tried this keyboard for school but the original AirBook keyboard is much better .	keyboard	neutral
Use with FLAC or other lossless audio formats for best results .	FLAC	neutral
It snaps as securely to the board as the original did .	board	neutral
The TV thinks the connection is wired since an Ethernet cable connects from this bridge to the TV .	Ethernet cable	neutral
It 's got Intel 's latest great budget duo - core processor ( P6100 , without hyper - threading capability ) , not a stripped down single - core Celeron processor .	duo - core processor	neutral
It 's got Intel 's latest great budget duo - core processor ( P6100 , without hyper - threading capability ) , not a stripped down single - core Celeron processor .	hyper - threading	neutral
Despite being recommended by Microsoft , this hub ( and all USB 2 . 0 hubs ) used to be incompatible with Windows 7 64-bit during the boot process , but Microsoft has finally released an update in 2013 that fixed this problem .	USB 2 . 0 hubs	neutral
Despite being recommended by Microsoft , this hub ( and all USB 2 . 0 hubs ) used to be incompatible with Windows 7 64-bit during the boot process , but Microsoft has finally released an update in 2013 that fixed this problem .	Windows 7 64-bit	neutral
Despite being recommended by Microsoft , this hub ( and all USB 2 . 0 hubs ) used to be incompatible with Windows 7 64-bit during the boot process , but Microsoft has finally released an update in 2013 that fixed this problem .	boot process	neutral
Setup was very easy just using the quick set up card .	Setup	neutral
Setup was very easy just using the quick set up card .	set up card	neutral
I also seriously considered the Sony Vaio Z and while impressive in specs , it is still a very expensive machine which is made more for portability and	specs	neutral
I also seriously considered the Sony Vaio Z and while impressive in specs , it is still a very expensive machine which is made more for portability and	portability	neutral
But , my other Linksys items have worked so well and have been so simple to install , I have n't needed to contact them .	Linksys	neutral
I seriously love this screen and highly highly recommend it !	screen	neutral
It charges quickly and wraps up easily for travel .	charges	neutral
I happened to have one old elastic band from a previous lens cap that got detached from it , so I reattached it to this pinch front lens cap for my Canon Rebel to make it perfecto .	elastic band	neutral
I happened to have one old elastic band from a previous lens cap that got detached from it , so I reattached it to this pinch front lens cap for my Canon Rebel to make it perfecto .	lens cap	neutral
Purchased battery for wife 's older G4 .	battery	neutral
A robustly built webcam that is easy to install and operate and that too for the price is unbelievable but it is true ; the Logitech webcam is a delight for those who use video chat often .	webcam	neutral
A robustly built webcam that is easy to install and operate and that too for the price is unbelievable but it is true ; the Logitech webcam is a delight for those who use video chat often .	operate	neutral
A robustly built webcam that is easy to install and operate and that too for the price is unbelievable but it is true ; the Logitech webcam is a delight for those who use video chat often .	price	neutral
A robustly built webcam that is easy to install and operate and that too for the price is unbelievable but it is true ; the Logitech webcam is a delight for those who use video chat often .	Logitech webcam	neutral
A robustly built webcam that is easy to install and operate and that too for the price is unbelievable but it is true ; the Logitech webcam is a delight for those who use video chat often .	video chat	neutral
It charges my X230 normally .	charges	neutral
The cord was used and re - wound .	cord	neutral
The color does n't match the color of the macbook2 )	color	neutral
The color does n't match the color of the macbook2 )	color	neutral
The list price looks good to me , and after several months of use the card has not failed or had any problem other than occasional drops and bogging down when everybody is trying to download at once .	list price	neutral
The list price looks good to me , and after several months of use the card has not failed or had any problem other than occasional drops and bogging down when everybody is trying to download at once .	card	neutral
Cons:- Bad Instructions	Instructions	neutral
Also I just noticed and felt obligated to post that I was at a sharper angle from my screen and when I pushed it back the cover was so heavy it pulled the screen back !	screen	neutral
Also I just noticed and felt obligated to post that I was at a sharper angle from my screen and when I pushed it back the cover was so heavy it pulled the screen back !	cover	neutral
Also I just noticed and felt obligated to post that I was at a sharper angle from my screen and when I pushed it back the cover was so heavy it pulled the screen back !	screen	neutral
4 Leopardis a much , more more attractive , efficient operating system than Windows .	4 Leopardis	neutral
4 Leopardis a much , more more attractive , efficient operating system than Windows .	operating system	neutral
4 Leopardis a much , more more attractive , efficient operating system than Windows .	Windows	neutral
Gave one to my step father and he was shocked by the high quality of sound , what a big difference it made on both his IPHONE and Laptop .	sound	neutral
Bought the New Kodak ESP and lost the cable for it .	cable	neutral
My quality is better and my signal does n't drop for no reason any more .	quality	neutral
My quality is better and my signal does n't drop for no reason any more .	signal	neutral
A big advantage of this OS over iOS is that it 's easy to customize to fit the needs and preferences of the tablet manufacturers .	OS	neutral
I thought this would make it worth the * higher price	price	neutral
The cover does n't add a lot of bulk either .	cover	neutral
Beautiful User Interface , its fast , its smart , it works really well and I would recommend this product to anyone who is even slightly interested .	User Interface	neutral
Beautiful User Interface , its fast , its smart , it works really well and I would recommend this product to anyone who is even slightly interested .	works	neutral
While the small screen size takes a little getting used to , it comes quickly .	screen size	neutral
This is a great replacement power source for 2002-vintage Apple PowerBook G4 ( 15 " ) .	power source	neutral
Every time my computer " slept " the Maxtor drive would disconnect .	Maxtor drive	neutral
The included speakers are decent , but nothing spectacular .	included speakers	neutral
First of all , the reviewer who gave this product 1 star because he thought it failed to preserve the stereo signal was dead wrong .	stereo signal	neutral
It runs my full office 2007 I already had and seems to have nothing I need from the full 7 except the background not being changeable	office 2007	neutral
Graphics and heavy processing my hee man rig gives this notebook a spanking !	Graphics	neutral
Graphics and heavy processing my hee man rig gives this notebook a spanking !	processing	neutral
As for connections , my old TV had two HDMI ports , which is just not enough .	connections	neutral
As for connections , my old TV had two HDMI ports , which is just not enough .	HDMI ports	neutral
The sound quality stayed horrible and actually seemed to get worse , and the constant static and interference meant that the speakers mostly produced white noise .	sound quality	neutral
The sound quality stayed horrible and actually seemed to get worse , and the constant static and interference meant that the speakers mostly produced white noise .	speakers	neutral
so we were sharing the plug she brought .	plug	neutral
Please note that there are different sizes for each different Macbook , so make sure you order the one that fits yours .	sizes	neutral
Some possible reasons they gave for the problem were : I was using Win .	Win .	neutral
However , there are two factors that push everyone out to HDD base : the more expensive price and much less capacity .	HDD base	neutral
However , there are two factors that push everyone out to HDD base : the more expensive price and much less capacity .	price	neutral
However , there are two factors that push everyone out to HDD base : the more expensive price and much less capacity .	capacity	neutral
Its nice to come back home , and do casual computer work like browsing , watching videos , and mail stuff on Mac .	browsing	neutral
I am using this with a MacBook Air ( most recent model , up - to - date OS X ) .	OS X	neutral
another problem is with the small keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
This is the second type of powerline product we have used , the other being NetGear .	powerline	neutral
The array of pockets allows me to neatly organize everything I need on the go to conduct business or pleasure technology wise .	pockets	neutral
The sleeve is a little stretchy and fits snugly .	sleeve	neutral
Tracks well and is responsive light weight and comfortable to use for long stretches ..	Tracks	neutral
Tracks well and is responsive light weight and comfortable to use for long stretches ..	use	neutral
Purchased this item to replace the original adaptor for a Macbook Pro .	adaptor	neutral
The thumb locks are too small to lock off the rotating parts .	thumb locks	neutral
Not a big deal , as it does not affect the operation one bit .	operation	neutral
Screen is okay , definitely bright on the bright settings , however it is glossy and VERY REFLECTIVE .	Screen	neutral
Great price for a great computer .	price	neutral
It is durable and they throw in a free keyboard cover .	keyboard cover	neutral
I was a little worried when she decided she liked the cost - savings associated with the linux - based netbook -	cost	neutral
I was a little worried when she decided she liked the cost - savings associated with the linux - based netbook -	linux	neutral
It is clear that Windows 8 would benefit from a touch screen , but I knew I was n't getting one with this product when I bought it .	Windows 8	neutral
It is clear that Windows 8 would benefit from a touch screen , but I knew I was n't getting one with this product when I bought it .	touch screen	neutral
When I tested it by running PCMark Vantage , the laptop automatically shut down itself half - way through the test because the temperature of the CPU had gone well over 95c .	temperature	neutral
When I tested it by running PCMark Vantage , the laptop automatically shut down itself half - way through the test because the temperature of the CPU had gone well over 95c .	CPU	neutral
Single link DVI - D or DVI - I will NOT work with this monitor .	DVI - I	neutral
After overcoming the transition from windows 7 to 8 , I 've come to appreciate the T100 .	windows 7	neutral
The online chat can not answer my question but created a case for it and forwarded my question to someone else .	online chat	neutral
The great thing about the speakers is that they 're loud , more than audible in a noisy room .	speakers	neutral
The size is a welcome change from the routine harassment I get from overzealous mall security who thinks I 'm out to make a quick buck selling pictures of mall scenes and/or architecture everytime	size	neutral
One other little thing : the power switch is tiny and a bit difficult to use as it does n't protrude very far from the back panel , but that 's probably to keep it from breaking easily or snagging on the case	power switch	neutral
One other little thing : the power switch is tiny and a bit difficult to use as it does n't protrude very far from the back panel , but that 's probably to keep it from breaking easily or snagging on the case	back panel	neutral
The island- style chiclet keys have great travel and feedback , are extremely comfortable and easy to type on , and within the first 30 minutes of using the Chromebook I was typing error free and at my usual speed .	island-	neutral
The island- style chiclet keys have great travel and feedback , are extremely comfortable and easy to type on , and within the first 30 minutes of using the Chromebook I was typing error free and at my usual speed .	speed	neutral
Very happy with the purchase of this charging set by Nyko .	charging set	neutral
It would be nice if it had a slot so you could put the seat belt through it and then secure it .	slot	neutral
It would be nice if it had a slot so you could put the seat belt through it and then secure it .	seat belt	neutral
Primarily because the only USB3 devices I own are the two external hard drives ( and one USB3 Thumb drive always plugged into the internal port of the Desktop 's USB3 card ) .	USB3 devices	neutral
Primarily because the only USB3 devices I own are the two external hard drives ( and one USB3 Thumb drive always plugged into the internal port of the Desktop 's USB3 card ) .	external hard drives	neutral
Primarily because the only USB3 devices I own are the two external hard drives ( and one USB3 Thumb drive always plugged into the internal port of the Desktop 's USB3 card ) .	USB3 Thumb drive	neutral
Primarily because the only USB3 devices I own are the two external hard drives ( and one USB3 Thumb drive always plugged into the internal port of the Desktop 's USB3 card ) .	USB3 card	neutral
I replaced it with the Victorinox Comfort Fit Shoulder Strap , which I also bought on Amazon .	Comfort Fit Shoulder Strap	neutral
Ultimately while you will see an increase in performance with the TP Link card , a much better and cheaper investment would be with antennas ( or a USB extension cable if you use a dongle style USB adapter .	performance	neutral
Ultimately while you will see an increase in performance with the TP Link card , a much better and cheaper investment would be with antennas ( or a USB extension cable if you use a dongle style USB adapter .	TP Link card	neutral
Ultimately while you will see an increase in performance with the TP Link card , a much better and cheaper investment would be with antennas ( or a USB extension cable if you use a dongle style USB adapter .	antennas	neutral
Ultimately while you will see an increase in performance with the TP Link card , a much better and cheaper investment would be with antennas ( or a USB extension cable if you use a dongle style USB adapter .	USB extension cable	neutral
Ultimately while you will see an increase in performance with the TP Link card , a much better and cheaper investment would be with antennas ( or a USB extension cable if you use a dongle style USB adapter .	dongle style USB adapter	neutral
I installed a few of the programs I need , like quicken .	programs	neutral
I installed a few of the programs I need , like quicken .	quicken	neutral
The Macally power adapter charges my computer just as well as the Apple version	Macally power adapter	neutral
The motherboard went out on me twice , all though I was happy with my turion 64 dual core , I needed something more stable	motherboard	neutral
The motherboard went out on me twice , all though I was happy with my turion 64 dual core , I needed something more stable	turion 64 dual core	neutral
After reading mixed reviews regarding high definition video playback , I decided to give it a shot .	high definition video playback	neutral
Still love the cable and am considering the purchase of a second one for another Oyen Digital enclosure .	cable	neutral
I took it out of the box , popped the battery in and easily connected my iPhone via Bluetooth .	battery	neutral
After only a few months of use , the locking mechanism quit working and will no longer clip into the tablet .	locking mechanism	neutral
Great sounding speakers for the price !	speakers	neutral
Great sounding speakers for the price !	price	neutral
Have n't had any issues with the ram so far .	ram	neutral
it is extremely well padded .	padded	neutral
Or you can us this with a 3G/4 G USB device and share the access .	3G/4 G USB device	neutral
All in all , I 'm extremely satisfied with this case and glad that I had the foresight to purchase it ( At a negligible cost , comparatively ) when buying the drive it protects .	case	neutral
I use this for online college , selling online , I have ADD and usually have 8 to 10 tabs opened at once , and unless I have internet issues from my phone company , I never have a problem .	internet	neutral
Portable Hard Drive WDMES5000TN	Hard Drive	neutral
The lights add a good addition to the product .	lights	neutral
Video loads and looks awesome , wei is at 6 . 5 which I think is pretty sweet for a laptop just over $ 400 .	Video	neutral
Video loads and looks awesome , wei is at 6 . 5 which I think is pretty sweet for a laptop just over $ 400 .	wei	neutral
I see several other users complaining is the track pad .	track pad	neutral
The quality is good also .	quality	neutral
The shipping was more than what I thought	shipping	neutral
The best results came when I had it tilted with fans on , and that only lowered my running temperature by 1 - 3C ( hard to pinpoint because actual events in my game affected the temperature more ... ) , really an insignificant amount .	fans	neutral
The best results came when I had it tilted with fans on , and that only lowered my running temperature by 1 - 3C ( hard to pinpoint because actual events in my game affected the temperature more ... ) , really an insignificant amount .	running temperature	neutral
Things like this should be checked and fixed by the installer .	installer	neutral
The contacts for battery to laptop were clean but reseating the battery did the trick	contacts	neutral
The contacts for battery to laptop were clean but reseating the battery did the trick	battery	neutral
The contacts for battery to laptop were clean but reseating the battery did the trick	battery	neutral
so I can close the unit , and still have the unit connected to the power .	power	neutral
I also would prefer for the mouse to have a bit more heft to it .	mouse	neutral
Where this Ultrabook falls short is as a tablet , because it is awkward to handle .	handle	neutral
The material of the case is soft , but feels cheap .	material	neutral
The material of the case is soft , but feels cheap .	case	neutral
I rarely find myself using the mouse anymore .	mouse	neutral
It ended up he had no power to the charger and just had to flick the light switch .	charger	neutral
It ended up he had no power to the charger and just had to flick the light switch .	light switch	neutral
No more leaving the mouse or power cord home again when we travel ! ! !	mouse	neutral
Also make sure you position the fan right under the laptops intake area which is visible on your laptop .	fan	neutral
Also make sure you position the fan right under the laptops intake area which is visible on your laptop .	intake area	neutral
In contrast , I am using devices that have very good reception to 3x the distance ... including reception that the stucco exterior wall .	reception	neutral
I would feel comfortable giving this to my mother , or a younger person as their own computer , knowing that they can not really mess it up , nor would they be confused by the device ( navigation is much more logical than say , Windows 8) .	navigation	neutral
I would feel comfortable giving this to my mother , or a younger person as their own computer , knowing that they can not really mess it up , nor would they be confused by the device ( navigation is much more logical than say , Windows 8) .	Windows 8)	neutral
I 've used Apple products for the past bunch of years , paid the price for them mainly to have the experience I have on this sweet little Chromebook , namely to have my computer get out of the way of what I want to do , day in and day out .	price	neutral
Great picture and viewing angles ; lots of inputs and outputs ; and a well designed remote that allows chnging source , picture view aspect , and captioning without going through menus .	picture	neutral
Great picture and viewing angles ; lots of inputs and outputs ; and a well designed remote that allows chnging source , picture view aspect , and captioning without going through menus .	viewing angles	neutral
Great picture and viewing angles ; lots of inputs and outputs ; and a well designed remote that allows chnging source , picture view aspect , and captioning without going through menus .	remote	neutral
Great product , works well , small , simple , lots of storage , much better than floppy or burning CDs all the time .	works	neutral
Great product , works well , small , simple , lots of storage , much better than floppy or burning CDs all the time .	storage	neutral
If the disc is very dirty or dusty because you purchased it used or it was sitting in your basement for years do not use this product for the initial cleaning .	disc	neutral
Works great and gave life back to my laptop that I thought was dead for good .	Works	neutral
You must try this new OS .	OS	neutral
Lots of great protection available but the whole idea of the MAB is to be light and thin !	protection	neutral
There is a minimal amount of bloatware installed .	bloatware	neutral
OSX is superior in my opinion but Win 7 is stable and able to easily run XP programs and with Google chrome 's browser a breeze on the web .	OSX	neutral
OSX is superior in my opinion but Win 7 is stable and able to easily run XP programs and with Google chrome 's browser a breeze on the web .	Win 7	neutral
OSX is superior in my opinion but Win 7 is stable and able to easily run XP programs and with Google chrome 's browser a breeze on the web .	XP programs	neutral
OSX is superior in my opinion but Win 7 is stable and able to easily run XP programs and with Google chrome 's browser a breeze on the web .	Google chrome 's browser	neutral
At least it did n't cost much .	cost	neutral
They only warranty the thing THREE MONTHS !	warranty	neutral
The laptop compartment is nicely padded on one side .	laptop compartment	neutral
The mousepad now works fine , not bad and not great .	mousepad	neutral
The operator Rachel said she could n't do anything about this because her computer did n't allow for this and that I would have to write a letter to corporate offices in Arlington NJ .	operator	neutral
As a result , the signal after the split will be half the strength of the original signal .	signal	neutral
Every piece of software feels brand new again .	software	neutral
It 's shaped a little different , but I think I actually like this design better .	shaped	neutral
It 's shaped a little different , but I think I actually like this design better .	design	neutral
Brightness was set to ~ 70 % and keypad backlit was on .	Brightness	neutral
Brightness was set to ~ 70 % and keypad backlit was on .	keypad	neutral
but I guess the internals are just not up to the task .	internals	neutral
I would strongly recommend it to anyone who needs to be charging their MacBook computers on - the - go .	charging	neutral
i wanted to use two external monitors and extend the screen but did n't want to spend the money on a docing bay .	external monitors	neutral
i wanted to use two external monitors and extend the screen but did n't want to spend the money on a docing bay .	screen	neutral
i wanted to use two external monitors and extend the screen but did n't want to spend the money on a docing bay .	docing bay	neutral
Excellent power saving monitor for long hours in front of computer no stress to eyes .	power saving monitor	neutral
Also , it is worth mentioning that this battery does NOT has the same charge compared to Dell 's OEM 9 Cell battery .	battery	neutral
Also , it is worth mentioning that this battery does NOT has the same charge compared to Dell 's OEM 9 Cell battery .	charge	neutral
Also , it is worth mentioning that this battery does NOT has the same charge compared to Dell 's OEM 9 Cell battery .	9 Cell battery	neutral
I received the RAM kit this a. m. , installed it , the MBP recognized it , and I am now running it .	RAM kit	neutral
At this point one of two things happens either I get stuck using monitor in crappy resolution ( makes this useless ) or I use something like DisplayConfigX to add resolution to OS .	monitor	neutral
At this point one of two things happens either I get stuck using monitor in crappy resolution ( makes this useless ) or I use something like DisplayConfigX to add resolution to OS .	resolution	neutral
At this point one of two things happens either I get stuck using monitor in crappy resolution ( makes this useless ) or I use something like DisplayConfigX to add resolution to OS .	DisplayConfigX	neutral
At this point one of two things happens either I get stuck using monitor in crappy resolution ( makes this useless ) or I use something like DisplayConfigX to add resolution to OS .	resolution	neutral
At this point one of two things happens either I get stuck using monitor in crappy resolution ( makes this useless ) or I use something like DisplayConfigX to add resolution to OS .	OS	neutral
A minor problem : When the computer wakes up from sleeping or hibernating when the card is in the slot , it reports a power surge on the hub .	card	neutral
A minor problem : When the computer wakes up from sleeping or hibernating when the card is in the slot , it reports a power surge on the hub .	power	neutral
A minor problem : When the computer wakes up from sleeping or hibernating when the card is in the slot , it reports a power surge on the hub .	hub	neutral
Enabling " tap to click " helps the clicking matter a lot	tap to click	neutral
Enabling " tap to click " helps the clicking matter a lot	clicking	neutral
Full price ?	price	neutral
The picture is clear and sharp going from my MacBook Air to my Asus 24	picture	neutral
The zipper on mine easily busted once I tried to add just a bit more to it .	zipper	neutral
The zipper flap has to be lifted for each corner to go in , but not to the level that it will affect either the tablet or the flap .	zipper flap	neutral
The zipper flap has to be lifted for each corner to go in , but not to the level that it will affect either the tablet or the flap .	flap	neutral
One of the best parts is that you do n't need a guy like me to fix your computer anymore ; no more viruses , no more software updates , no more backing up your computer ; it 's all done by the pros , mostly at Google , so it 's transparent to the end user .	software	neutral
Now the laptop is attached to the cooler with a long rubber band .	rubber band	neutral
We were looking for a portable speaker for our laptop and mobile which can be durable and provides good sound quality .	sound quality	neutral
My wireless bar went from one bar to three to four bars !	wireless bar	neutral
For the price I 'm very satisfied .	price	neutral
I have n't noticed significant trackpad sensitivity decrease from the trackpad cover .	trackpad sensitivity	neutral
I have n't noticed significant trackpad sensitivity decrease from the trackpad cover .	trackpad cover	neutral
If I had to , however , the numerous card readers , could be very helpful .	card readers	neutral
Yes , this mouse is very capable to conquer any PC game , and useful enough for the everyday user .	mouse	neutral
Got this , and was , at first , SHOCKED to see the ram was etched ( little parallel lines etched in the surface of each chip ) , as if these were rejected or reused chips ?	ram	neutral
Got this , and was , at first , SHOCKED to see the ram was etched ( little parallel lines etched in the surface of each chip ) , as if these were rejected or reused chips ?	chip	neutral
If an average battery at an average price works for you , I can say that this battery was delivered in a timely manner and did hold a charge when tested .	battery	neutral
If an average battery at an average price works for you , I can say that this battery was delivered in a timely manner and did hold a charge when tested .	price	neutral
If an average battery at an average price works for you , I can say that this battery was delivered in a timely manner and did hold a charge when tested .	battery	neutral
If an average battery at an average price works for you , I can say that this battery was delivered in a timely manner and did hold a charge when tested .	charge	neutral
Given the battery life once charged , however , it 's wonderful , so I still consider it a better recharge result than a traditional laptop .	battery life	neutral
This is a great value for a 16 gb class 6 card .	16 gb class 6 card	neutral
My only complaint is the aux cords they ship with this things are worthless , mine had a short in it literally after 1 week of use .	aux cords	neutral
Best Bluetooth adapters for Windows 7 and XP running on my laptop and net book .	Bluetooth adapters	neutral
Best Bluetooth adapters for Windows 7 and XP running on my laptop and net book .	Windows 7	neutral
I purchased the Xtreme N router , cardbus adapter , and PC card when this first came out .	cardbus adapter	neutral
I purchased the Xtreme N router , cardbus adapter , and PC card when this first came out .	PC card	neutral
Unfortunately its not 3 like my first battery	battery	neutral
For reasons I do not understand , my iMac and cable company modem could not " find " the router .	modem	neutral
I have n't really used this smaller internal one yet .	internal	neutral
I 've heard their tech support is well above average , but you wo n't need it .	tech support	neutral
If you have a USB 3 . 0 port it should work fine .	USB 3 . 0 port	neutral
The hardware is 1080p capable but it does n't support 1080p out of the box .	hardware	neutral
da should make it boot up faster .	boot up	neutral
bar 16 is extra loud .	bar 16	neutral
Overall , it does n't have some of the bells and whistles of the Apple ( which is to be expected based on the substantial price difference ) , but is a solid laptop for someone on a budget and functionally , is sufficient for most of what the average user will need a laptop for .	price	neutral
Good for keeping your sandisk chips together	sandisk chips	neutral
I did try it in both a Raidmax with an ATX board , and in a Thermaltake case with a micro - ATX board : it fit in both .	Raidmax	neutral
I did try it in both a Raidmax with an ATX board , and in a Thermaltake case with a micro - ATX board : it fit in both .	ATX board	neutral
I did try it in both a Raidmax with an ATX board , and in a Thermaltake case with a micro - ATX board : it fit in both .	Thermaltake	neutral
I did try it in both a Raidmax with an ATX board , and in a Thermaltake case with a micro - ATX board : it fit in both .	micro - ATX board	neutral
I did buy it after my smaller converter heated up like a toaster on a trip to Vietnam and often worried me .	converter	neutral
I 'm not gon na be too nit picky about the looks and the magnesium finish	looks	neutral
I 'm not gon na be too nit picky about the looks and the magnesium finish	magnesium finish	neutral
Camera specs said an 8 GB SDHC card would record one hour of hi res video at 30 fps .	Camera specs	neutral
Camera specs said an 8 GB SDHC card would record one hour of hi res video at 30 fps .	8 GB SDHC card	neutral
No light bleed.+ Awesome game performance from Shadow Gun ( very fun to play with	game performance	neutral
No light bleed.+ Awesome game performance from Shadow Gun ( very fun to play with	Shadow Gun	neutral
This sleeve is attractive , well made and of quality material .	sleeve	neutral
This sleeve is attractive , well made and of quality material .	material	neutral
It has good sound , full volume seemed to work fine , maybe a little raspy , but the quality of mp3 recording I was listening to may have caused the issue .	sound	neutral
It has good sound , full volume seemed to work fine , maybe a little raspy , but the quality of mp3 recording I was listening to may have caused the issue .	full volume	neutral
Its quiet and hardly affects battery time .	battery time	neutral
It works ok in a D - Dock too .	D - Dock	neutral
I tried to set it 4 times and always one side of de screen lacks to properly secure the cover .	screen	neutral
I tried to set it 4 times and always one side of de screen lacks to properly secure the cover .	cover	neutral
The range of the speaker is about 30 feet ( approximately 10 meters ) .	range	neutral
The range of the speaker is about 30 feet ( approximately 10 meters ) .	speaker	neutral
Seems to charge fine and hold a long charge .	charge	neutral
Seems to charge fine and hold a long charge .	charge	neutral
Sick Deal.*Edit**5 months after purchase , used about 4 - 5 times total and gently used , this chord stopped working .	chord	neutral
This means that those having problems with their wireless connection should n't have any problems with this device .	wireless connection	neutral
Hard Drive	Hard Drive	neutral
Very disappointed with Amazon who lowered the price $ 100 the day after I bought and shipped me the more expensive product .	price	neutral
Great quality construction , great sound quality , very reliable , software works well for me ( windows 7 ) and I 'm very happy .	construction	neutral
Great quality construction , great sound quality , very reliable , software works well for me ( windows 7 ) and I 'm very happy .	sound quality	neutral
Great quality construction , great sound quality , very reliable , software works well for me ( windows 7 ) and I 'm very happy .	software	neutral
Great quality construction , great sound quality , very reliable , software works well for me ( windows 7 ) and I 'm very happy .	windows 7	neutral
I have a Dell Latitude running Window NT .	Window NT	neutral
The computer fan used to turn on at high speed and make a lot of unberable noise .	fan	neutral
The computer fan used to turn on at high speed and make a lot of unberable noise .	speed	neutral
This USB to Ethernet adaptor only needs drivers if you 're on a mac or PC .	USB to Ethernet adaptor	neutral
This USB to Ethernet adaptor only needs drivers if you 're on a mac or PC .	drivers	neutral
As I said before , this review is aimed towards casual users / college users like myself that 'll only use it for research , work that can be done on a Mac ( more on that later ) , internet browsing , movies , etc .	internet browsing	neutral
Adjustable landscape view stand .	landscape view stand	neutral
DVD rom VS DVD / RW and so forth .	DVD rom	neutral
DVD rom VS DVD / RW and so forth .	DVD / RW	neutral
Wireless - Works as expected .	Wireless	neutral
( I had to download drivers from the Internet , but was very simple )	drivers	neutral
I do n't even know if it would work for that for I have n't tried it out because I do n't have a tv with s - video or component anymore .	s - video	neutral
Online forums indicate that when you download HP BIOS updates , it can cut off your sound .	sound	neutral
This is really emabarrasing that a company puts out a pc with this type of hyper sensitivity in the mouse pad .	hyper sensitivity	neutral
This is really emabarrasing that a company puts out a pc with this type of hyper sensitivity in the mouse pad .	mouse pad	neutral
If you do buy this item , one of the first things you should do is to check the support site and make sure you are at the latest BIOS .	support site	neutral
If you do buy this item , one of the first things you should do is to check the support site and make sure you are at the latest BIOS .	BIOS	neutral
The keyboard is mediocre , but the trackpad is very good .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is mediocre , but the trackpad is very good .	trackpad	neutral
I mean , make sure the projection screen is white and free of clutter , and the lights are off or suitably darkened , but at about 7 feet it projected a nice , bright screen with good , vibrant colors , and clarity .	projection screen	neutral
I mean , make sure the projection screen is white and free of clutter , and the lights are off or suitably darkened , but at about 7 feet it projected a nice , bright screen with good , vibrant colors , and clarity .	screen	neutral
I mean , make sure the projection screen is white and free of clutter , and the lights are off or suitably darkened , but at about 7 feet it projected a nice , bright screen with good , vibrant colors , and clarity .	colors	neutral
I mean , make sure the projection screen is white and free of clutter , and the lights are off or suitably darkened , but at about 7 feet it projected a nice , bright screen with good , vibrant colors , and clarity .	clarity	neutral
It is the pad under the thumb on you hand .	pad	neutral
Light , portable charging cable .	charging cable	neutral
i never thought i would go with macs but as they say once you go mac you never go backand the fact you can runs windows on macs makes it more perfect .	windows	neutral
Based on my highly informal test , it 's more like USB 1 speeds .	USB 1 speeds	neutral
Do check the dimensions before ordering .	dimensions	neutral
The blue connector stands out easily on the back of my computer amidst all the other cords so it is easy to find .	blue connector	neutral
The blue connector stands out easily on the back of my computer amidst all the other cords so it is easy to find .	cords	neutral
Surprisingly it worked well as an FM antenna .	FM antenna	neutral
I got my Husband to open the cord , fix the wires , and tape it up with electrical tape .	cord	neutral
I got my Husband to open the cord , fix the wires , and tape it up with electrical tape .	wires	neutral
In Win 7 if you select " Open " after right clicking in the system tray rather than using the properties you can change the analog out to settings beyond	Win 7	neutral
In Win 7 if you select " Open " after right clicking in the system tray rather than using the properties you can change the analog out to settings beyond	system tray	neutral
Typical console cable .	console cable	neutral
I was excited to try migrating using Norton Ghost , but unfortunately my existing drive was damaged beyond readability and therefore the Ghost backup repeatedly failed .	Norton Ghost	neutral
I was excited to try migrating using Norton Ghost , but unfortunately my existing drive was damaged beyond readability and therefore the Ghost backup repeatedly failed .	drive	neutral
I was excited to try migrating using Norton Ghost , but unfortunately my existing drive was damaged beyond readability and therefore the Ghost backup repeatedly failed .	readability	neutral
I was excited to try migrating using Norton Ghost , but unfortunately my existing drive was damaged beyond readability and therefore the Ghost backup repeatedly failed .	Ghost backup	neutral
Only the area right around the vent on the left side gets hot , the keyboard , palm rest , and touchpad never get uncomfortable .	vent	neutral
Only the area right around the vent on the left side gets hot , the keyboard , palm rest , and touchpad never get uncomfortable .	keyboard	neutral
Only the area right around the vent on the left side gets hot , the keyboard , palm rest , and touchpad never get uncomfortable .	palm rest	neutral
Only the area right around the vent on the left side gets hot , the keyboard , palm rest , and touchpad never get uncomfortable .	touchpad	neutral
The cable locks in extremely well	cable	neutral
This led me to go find my own random webcam software on the CNET Download website .	webcam software	neutral
Maybe should come with 2 USB cables for the tower !	USB cables	neutral
Maybe should come with 2 USB cables for the tower !	tower	neutral
A few weeks later , dropped in price and came with a monitor at a local store , confound it !	price	neutral
It was that easy to set up .	set up	neutral
The only issue that someone might have is there are light spots on the top and bottom of the screen when viewing a blank screen ( power on ) , but this is not noticeable when a picture is being displayed .	screen	neutral
It has a way to adjust the aspect ratio .	aspect ratio	neutral
Customer service is great and whatever delivery date Amazon populates , it is not real .	Customer service	neutral
The cable has two different ends .	cable	neutral
The volume is quite adequate for a rather large room .	volume	neutral
They have a nice heavy feel indicative of high quality cables , are nice and flexible and do n't kink .	cables	neutral
The hard leather corners that hold the Kindle are still working very well ..	hard leather corners	neutral
Again , that 's not quite iPad , but if you 're deciding between this fully featured version and the Atom processor version , you 're probably doing so for price or battery .	Atom processor	neutral
Again , that 's not quite iPad , but if you 're deciding between this fully featured version and the Atom processor version , you 're probably doing so for price or battery .	price	neutral
Again , that 's not quite iPad , but if you 're deciding between this fully featured version and the Atom processor version , you 're probably doing so for price or battery .	battery	neutral
The fan worked very well and kept the laptop cool .	fan	neutral
The Micro comes with a small key ring at least , which I doubt would fit the Cruzer .	Micro	neutral
The Micro comes with a small key ring at least , which I doubt would fit the Cruzer .	key ring	neutral
The Micro comes with a small key ring at least , which I doubt would fit the Cruzer .	Cruzer	neutral
High End GPU through use of an AMD A8 APU as the processorFast multi - core processingGood Display with decent resolutionNice full size Keyboard with space between keysNice StylingWorks well with Linux after you get past secure bootGood warranty that covers accidental breakage without additional costCan be upgraded to 16 GB of RAM , I did this for $ 89 ( on Amazon ) using the Crucial CT2C8G3S160BM kit that is designed for Macs but seems to work fineOverall good value , hard to expect more from a $ 400 laptopCons :	GPU	neutral
High End GPU through use of an AMD A8 APU as the processorFast multi - core processingGood Display with decent resolutionNice full size Keyboard with space between keysNice StylingWorks well with Linux after you get past secure bootGood warranty that covers accidental breakage without additional costCan be upgraded to 16 GB of RAM , I did this for $ 89 ( on Amazon ) using the Crucial CT2C8G3S160BM kit that is designed for Macs but seems to work fineOverall good value , hard to expect more from a $ 400 laptopCons :	processorFast	neutral
High End GPU through use of an AMD A8 APU as the processorFast multi - core processingGood Display with decent resolutionNice full size Keyboard with space between keysNice StylingWorks well with Linux after you get past secure bootGood warranty that covers accidental breakage without additional costCan be upgraded to 16 GB of RAM , I did this for $ 89 ( on Amazon ) using the Crucial CT2C8G3S160BM kit that is designed for Macs but seems to work fineOverall good value , hard to expect more from a $ 400 laptopCons :	multi - core processingGood	neutral
High End GPU through use of an AMD A8 APU as the processorFast multi - core processingGood Display with decent resolutionNice full size Keyboard with space between keysNice StylingWorks well with Linux after you get past secure bootGood warranty that covers accidental breakage without additional costCan be upgraded to 16 GB of RAM , I did this for $ 89 ( on Amazon ) using the Crucial CT2C8G3S160BM kit that is designed for Macs but seems to work fineOverall good value , hard to expect more from a $ 400 laptopCons :	Display	neutral
High End GPU through use of an AMD A8 APU as the processorFast multi - core processingGood Display with decent resolutionNice full size Keyboard with space between keysNice StylingWorks well with Linux after you get past secure bootGood warranty that covers accidental breakage without additional costCan be upgraded to 16 GB of RAM , I did this for $ 89 ( on Amazon ) using the Crucial CT2C8G3S160BM kit that is designed for Macs but seems to work fineOverall good value , hard to expect more from a $ 400 laptopCons :	resolutionNice	neutral
High End GPU through use of an AMD A8 APU as the processorFast multi - core processingGood Display with decent resolutionNice full size Keyboard with space between keysNice StylingWorks well with Linux after you get past secure bootGood warranty that covers accidental breakage without additional costCan be upgraded to 16 GB of RAM , I did this for $ 89 ( on Amazon ) using the Crucial CT2C8G3S160BM kit that is designed for Macs but seems to work fineOverall good value , hard to expect more from a $ 400 laptopCons :	StylingWorks	neutral
High End GPU through use of an AMD A8 APU as the processorFast multi - core processingGood Display with decent resolutionNice full size Keyboard with space between keysNice StylingWorks well with Linux after you get past secure bootGood warranty that covers accidental breakage without additional costCan be upgraded to 16 GB of RAM , I did this for $ 89 ( on Amazon ) using the Crucial CT2C8G3S160BM kit that is designed for Macs but seems to work fineOverall good value , hard to expect more from a $ 400 laptopCons :	Linux	neutral
High End GPU through use of an AMD A8 APU as the processorFast multi - core processingGood Display with decent resolutionNice full size Keyboard with space between keysNice StylingWorks well with Linux after you get past secure bootGood warranty that covers accidental breakage without additional costCan be upgraded to 16 GB of RAM , I did this for $ 89 ( on Amazon ) using the Crucial CT2C8G3S160BM kit that is designed for Macs but seems to work fineOverall good value , hard to expect more from a $ 400 laptopCons :	bootGood	neutral
High End GPU through use of an AMD A8 APU as the processorFast multi - core processingGood Display with decent resolutionNice full size Keyboard with space between keysNice StylingWorks well with Linux after you get past secure bootGood warranty that covers accidental breakage without additional costCan be upgraded to 16 GB of RAM , I did this for $ 89 ( on Amazon ) using the Crucial CT2C8G3S160BM kit that is designed for Macs but seems to work fineOverall good value , hard to expect more from a $ 400 laptopCons :	warranty	neutral
High End GPU through use of an AMD A8 APU as the processorFast multi - core processingGood Display with decent resolutionNice full size Keyboard with space between keysNice StylingWorks well with Linux after you get past secure bootGood warranty that covers accidental breakage without additional costCan be upgraded to 16 GB of RAM , I did this for $ 89 ( on Amazon ) using the Crucial CT2C8G3S160BM kit that is designed for Macs but seems to work fineOverall good value , hard to expect more from a $ 400 laptopCons :	16 GB of RAM	neutral
High End GPU through use of an AMD A8 APU as the processorFast multi - core processingGood Display with decent resolutionNice full size Keyboard with space between keysNice StylingWorks well with Linux after you get past secure bootGood warranty that covers accidental breakage without additional costCan be upgraded to 16 GB of RAM , I did this for $ 89 ( on Amazon ) using the Crucial CT2C8G3S160BM kit that is designed for Macs but seems to work fineOverall good value , hard to expect more from a $ 400 laptopCons :	Crucial	neutral
The keyboard is an exact replacement for the keyboard for the Acer Aspire 5552 Model 5495 .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is an exact replacement for the keyboard for the Acer Aspire 5552 Model 5495 .	keyboard	neutral
It adapts to the tablet without a problem , but the keys are a little flat to the touch , so if speed is what you want while typing	keys	neutral
It adapts to the tablet without a problem , but the keys are a little flat to the touch , so if speed is what you want while typing	speed	neutral
I bought this to amplify my tablet 's GPS navigation audio output in my car , as the built - in tablet audio is not loud enough in a vehicle with lots of noise .	GPS navigation audio output	neutral
I bought this to amplify my tablet 's GPS navigation audio output in my car , as the built - in tablet audio is not loud enough in a vehicle with lots of noise .	built - in tablet audio	neutral
Delivery on time and good service .	service	neutral
When I first ordered it I have to admit that I did so a bit reluctantly because I was skeptical about whether the quality was going to be descent or not	quality	neutral
The CityGear TCG400 case is a staple in my collection .	CityGear	neutral
Unfortunately the screen is way too small and the case too cheap looking .	screen	neutral
Unfortunately the screen is way too small and the case too cheap looking .	case	neutral
It could be a bit faster on boot	boot	neutral
The upside is that I replaced the HDD with a WD Scorpio WD7500BPKT 750 GB 7200	HDD	neutral
The upside is that I replaced the HDD with a WD Scorpio WD7500BPKT 750 GB 7200	750	neutral
Like others , my disk drives did n't like the CD disk .	disk drives	neutral
Like others , my disk drives did n't like the CD disk .	CD disk	neutral
They are quite neutral ( or " flat " - it 's a good thing ) from the upper bass to the lower treble .	bass	neutral
They are quite neutral ( or " flat " - it 's a good thing ) from the upper bass to the lower treble .	treble	neutral
The second issue is with burning DVD 's and CD 's .	burning DVD 's	neutral
It 's lighter , it boots up faster and runs cooler but it also has it 's limitations when compared to a typical microsoft laptop .	boots up	neutral
Bought as a replacement for my 2 year old Dell XPS M1330 after the 6-cell Dell battery died ( would not hold a charge ) .	6-cell	neutral
Bought as a replacement for my 2 year old Dell XPS M1330 after the 6-cell Dell battery died ( would not hold a charge ) .	charge	neutral
It shuts itself off automatically when not in use to save battery life , which is something I wish my much more expensive mouse would do .	battery life	neutral
It shuts itself off automatically when not in use to save battery life , which is something I wish my much more expensive mouse would do .	mouse	neutral
A high gain antenna will give exceptional reception .	high gain antenna	neutral
A high gain antenna will give exceptional reception .	reception	neutral
No control over treble or bass , just different EQ settings , which really did n't help .	treble or bass	neutral
No control over treble or bass , just different EQ settings , which really did n't help .	EQ settings	neutral
I did n't even bother with the CD because as soon as I plugged it in the device installed and hooked right up to my home wifi- and does n't disconnect like the other ones I bought .	CD	neutral
This was not as good as OEM , but acceptable given the price .	price	neutral
The thickness of the plastic on that part of the case is just enough to keep the mag - safe connectors from aligning properly with the cable toward the back .	thickness	neutral
The thickness of the plastic on that part of the case is just enough to keep the mag - safe connectors from aligning properly with the cable toward the back .	plastic	neutral
The thickness of the plastic on that part of the case is just enough to keep the mag - safe connectors from aligning properly with the cable toward the back .	case	neutral
The thickness of the plastic on that part of the case is just enough to keep the mag - safe connectors from aligning properly with the cable toward the back .	mag - safe connectors	neutral
The thickness of the plastic on that part of the case is just enough to keep the mag - safe connectors from aligning properly with the cable toward the back .	cable	neutral
The Logitech software is easy to use -- just download the latest version from the company website .	Logitech software	neutral
this is a good keyboard , it is light weight , very slim and works fine , there is a slight delay when you are typing and a lot of times i miss a letter that does not show up , especially at the start of typing , but overall its a great value and a good keyboard for my ipad 4	keyboard	neutral
this is a good keyboard , it is light weight , very slim and works fine , there is a slight delay when you are typing and a lot of times i miss a letter that does not show up , especially at the start of typing , but overall its a great value and a good keyboard for my ipad 4	keyboard	neutral
I have not checked the actual voltage under load , nor maxed it out yet , nor have any idea how long it will continue to operate , but this unit does give me the capability to live completely off the grid , and to use my solar excess where as before I had to use the grid to power the chargers which might protest the modified square wave inverterIt comes in a hard to open blister pack , and this was kind of loose in the Amazon box and flopping around inside of it .	voltage	neutral
Items that were absent from the " What 's in the box " include a VGA Adapter and a USB - to - Ethernet Adapter .	VGA Adapter	neutral
Items that were absent from the " What 's in the box " include a VGA Adapter and a USB - to - Ethernet Adapter .	USB - to - Ethernet Adapter	neutral
And where do you find drivers for things that have no brand name ?	drivers	neutral
Other than that , it 's a great mouse .	mouse	neutral
Although I do think Corsair make great PSU 's hence the 3 stars .	PSU	neutral
It has HDMI , standard monitor port , and Ethernet ; built - in WiFi , tray - loading DVD writer to the side	HDMI	neutral
It has HDMI , standard monitor port , and Ethernet ; built - in WiFi , tray - loading DVD writer to the side	Ethernet	neutral
It has HDMI , standard monitor port , and Ethernet ; built - in WiFi , tray - loading DVD writer to the side	tray - loading	neutral
It has HDMI , standard monitor port , and Ethernet ; built - in WiFi , tray - loading DVD writer to the side	DVD writer	neutral
but the Comcast HD movies look great !	Comcast HD movies	neutral
they have the worst customer service .	customer service	neutral
Impressively , the scroll wheel has remained smooth even after years of using the mouse intensively ( hours a day ) .	scroll wheel	neutral
Impressively , the scroll wheel has remained smooth even after years of using the mouse intensively ( hours a day ) .	mouse	neutral
Wifi on mine is n't that bad ( actually pretty comparable to my dell laptop ) , and i think most of the older versions might be the ones with the wifi issue , so it 's not really a problem now .	Wifi	neutral
Wifi on mine is n't that bad ( actually pretty comparable to my dell laptop ) , and i think most of the older versions might be the ones with the wifi issue , so it 's not really a problem now .	wifi	neutral
So far its held up well and for the price I have yet to find a better option .	price	neutral
I guess that fuzzy fabric is called " nylex".Along the back outside near the handles is a small zippered pocket that is 6 inches wide and 5 inches deep , lined with the fuzzy material ( would be good place for a phone or Ipod ) .	handles	neutral
I guess that fuzzy fabric is called " nylex".Along the back outside near the handles is a small zippered pocket that is 6 inches wide and 5 inches deep , lined with the fuzzy material ( would be good place for a phone or Ipod ) .	pocket	neutral
We had real leather bags that looked real bad in 6 months , ripping apart and handles cracking .	handles	neutral
The item syncs easily and feels like a keyboard , letters are raised unlike some keyboards that have flat letters .	keyboard	neutral
The item syncs easily and feels like a keyboard , letters are raised unlike some keyboards that have flat letters .	keyboards	neutral
As for the durability , I suspect this cord is very susceptible to damage near the place where it connects to the laptop 's AC jack - with all the added weight hanging on it you have to be very careful not to damage the cord or the jack itself .	durability	neutral
As for the durability , I suspect this cord is very susceptible to damage near the place where it connects to the laptop 's AC jack - with all the added weight hanging on it you have to be very careful not to damage the cord or the jack itself .	cord	neutral
As for the durability , I suspect this cord is very susceptible to damage near the place where it connects to the laptop 's AC jack - with all the added weight hanging on it you have to be very careful not to damage the cord or the jack itself .	AC jack	neutral
As for the durability , I suspect this cord is very susceptible to damage near the place where it connects to the laptop 's AC jack - with all the added weight hanging on it you have to be very careful not to damage the cord or the jack itself .	cord	neutral
As for the durability , I suspect this cord is very susceptible to damage near the place where it connects to the laptop 's AC jack - with all the added weight hanging on it you have to be very careful not to damage the cord or the jack itself .	jack	neutral
Although the Dell is really nice too , there are two major weaknesses - the first depends on your budget:1 .	budget:1	neutral
Since battery can not be removed , buying an extended or additional battery is n't likely .	battery	neutral
Since battery can not be removed , buying an extended or additional battery is n't likely .	extended	neutral
The speaker&#8217;s frequency response is	speaker&#8217;s	neutral
The speaker&#8217;s frequency response is	frequency response	neutral
Works great and made our daughter happy .	Works	neutral
Update - After two days now of " conditioning " the battery , coconut battery reports design capacity of 93 % .	battery	neutral
Update - After two days now of " conditioning " the battery , coconut battery reports design capacity of 93 % .	battery	neutral
Update - After two days now of " conditioning " the battery , coconut battery reports design capacity of 93 % .	design capacity	neutral
I plugged a USB headset into this and was able to use it to do a Google video call in combination with the built - in 720p webcam with no driver install process or setup issues at all .	USB headset	neutral
I plugged a USB headset into this and was able to use it to do a Google video call in combination with the built - in 720p webcam with no driver install process or setup issues at all .	driver install process	neutral
I plugged a USB headset into this and was able to use it to do a Google video call in combination with the built - in 720p webcam with no driver install process or setup issues at all .	setup	neutral
I have been using the speakers to listen to audiobooks while I work and it is fantastic !	speakers	neutral
Have to send it in for a whole new motherboard , or so they tell me .	motherboard	neutral
For similar audio quality to a Big Jambox at less than half the price , you ca n't go wrong .	audio quality	neutral
For similar audio quality to a Big Jambox at less than half the price , you ca n't go wrong .	price	neutral
4 ) left and right button clicking is crisp and not spongy like another mouse I have .	left	neutral
4 ) left and right button clicking is crisp and not spongy like another mouse I have .	right button clicking	neutral
4 ) left and right button clicking is crisp and not spongy like another mouse I have .	mouse	neutral
I can only conclude the vendor buys from more than one manufacturer , or there is no Quality Control .	Quality	neutral
I also own the Shure SE530 , which costs a whole order of magnitude greater , but now leave those at home .	costs	neutral
I will try with a SSD .	SSD	neutral
With this , I can take all the old drives I have around the house and basically create an external hard rive without having to pay a lot for a fancy casing .	drives	neutral
With this , I can take all the old drives I have around the house and basically create an external hard rive without having to pay a lot for a fancy casing .	external hard rive	neutral
With this , I can take all the old drives I have around the house and basically create an external hard rive without having to pay a lot for a fancy casing .	casing	neutral
The case also helps protect from scratches which will help its resale value .	case	neutral
SANOXY USB 2 . 0	SANOXY USB 2 . 0	neutral
So the hunt for a nice sleeve began .	sleeve	neutral
can so while its the best typing experience , its the least functional overall .	typing	neutral
Needed this for PC to Monitor which does not support HDMI .	HDMI	neutral
I use this hub often with a Macbook pro to connect USB 2 . 0 drives and a USB mouse while I 'm on the road .	USB 2 . 0 drives	neutral
I use this hub often with a Macbook pro to connect USB 2 . 0 drives and a USB mouse while I 'm on the road .	USB mouse	neutral
If you still wish to return this item , please send it to the address listed below and include your original packing slip , a print - out of the order summary from Your Account , or the Order ID written on a piece of paper so we can identify your return when it arrives at our return center."My first impression ?	packing slip	neutral
But after three days the screen brightness did n't work regardless of which method I used to change it .	screen brightness	neutral
We purchased this computer based on the reviews and our needs , and have not been let down by it 's performance at all .	performance	neutral
Also tried a full size Logitech Trackman ( excellent as always but too big to carry ) and a little wired Logitech notebook mouse ( sucks like all mice but usable if a mouse is your idea of a good time .	Logitech	neutral
Also tried a full size Logitech Trackman ( excellent as always but too big to carry ) and a little wired Logitech notebook mouse ( sucks like all mice but usable if a mouse is your idea of a good time .	Trackman	neutral
Also tried a full size Logitech Trackman ( excellent as always but too big to carry ) and a little wired Logitech notebook mouse ( sucks like all mice but usable if a mouse is your idea of a good time .	mouse	neutral
I still have mine on , but I do wish I still had that nice clear screen again , so I may end up taking it off at some point .	screen	neutral
the design is somehow weird !	design	neutral
Keys stick and some just do n't work at all ...	Keys	neutral
It allows the phone to charge quickly , and the cord is heavy duty and durable .	charge	neutral
It allows the phone to charge quickly , and the cord is heavy duty and durable .	cord	neutral
to wake it back up , just tap the keyboard three or four times , and it reconnects immediately .	keyboard	neutral
Plugs in and works fine , tho so far , it seems it may not provide as long an operating capacity as the original battery .	operating capacity	neutral
Plugs in and works fine , tho so far , it seems it may not provide as long an operating capacity as the original battery .	battery	neutral
I could pull up a & # 34;test pattern&#34 ; and changing between the low power and high power setting see the color difference , but in my normal usage , remote sessions with servers via RDP or web browsing or even photos downloaded from my digital cameras or camcorder , it 's not something I notice .	power	neutral
I could pull up a & # 34;test pattern&#34 ; and changing between the low power and high power setting see the color difference , but in my normal usage , remote sessions with servers via RDP or web browsing or even photos downloaded from my digital cameras or camcorder , it 's not something I notice .	power	neutral
CD / DVD player is obnoxiously loud .	CD / DVD player	neutral
The slimline keyboard that it comes with is very nice , even the mouse is sturdy .	slimline keyboard	neutral
The slimline keyboard that it comes with is very nice , even the mouse is sturdy .	mouse	neutral
It 's definitely no speed demon but its fast enough for the things I want to do .	speed	neutral
" Wi - Fi " DISABLEDipconfig /flushdnstimeout /t	Wi - Fi	neutral
Recognized my wireless set - up right away .	wireless set - up	neutral
I love being able to roll up the slack adjustment cord at the bottom of the straps so that they do nt swing around or get closed in car doors , etc .	slack adjustment cord	neutral
I love being able to roll up the slack adjustment cord at the bottom of the straps so that they do nt swing around or get closed in car doors , etc .	straps	neutral
We then get this brown NB505 because my wife really likes the color and style .	color	neutral
We then get this brown NB505 because my wife really likes the color and style .	style	neutral
The card does what i needed it to do i am happy with what i can reach under my circumstances and surroundings if i had the need for another i d buy it without second guessing it .	card	neutral
and I 'm very pleased with their quality , prices , and service .	quality	neutral
and I 'm very pleased with their quality , prices , and service .	prices	neutral
and I 'm very pleased with their quality , prices , and service .	service	neutral
Speakers are fantastic , good bass ( much better than the laptop speakers . ) and the power button works .	Speakers	neutral
Speakers are fantastic , good bass ( much better than the laptop speakers . ) and the power button works .	bass	neutral
Speakers are fantastic , good bass ( much better than the laptop speakers . ) and the power button works .	speakers	neutral
Speakers are fantastic , good bass ( much better than the laptop speakers . ) and the power button works .	power button	neutral
If you need an adaptor that this will replace , do n't hesitate .	adaptor	neutral
This " JLab USB Laptop Speaker " sounds a TINY BIT BETTER than the " AYL Portable Mini Speaker System with Rechargeable Battery " .	JLab USB	neutral
This " JLab USB Laptop Speaker " sounds a TINY BIT BETTER than the " AYL Portable Mini Speaker System with Rechargeable Battery " .	Battery	neutral
The troubleshooting instructions suggested relocating a unit if it suffers from such crackling or popping noises , which might be due to interference .	troubleshooting instructions	neutral
* * The sleeve is useless - and long gone , but there 's no need for it	sleeve	neutral
There are more durable alternatives available for 1/3 of the price .	price	neutral
Fit and finish are outstanding and the software included is perfect for the technophile and the novice alike .	finish	neutral
Fit and finish are outstanding and the software included is perfect for the technophile and the novice alike .	software	neutral
Being a work computer I do nt have total control and could not download the button controller to select the mouse button functions .	button controller	neutral
Being a work computer I do nt have total control and could not download the button controller to select the mouse button functions .	mouse button functions	neutral
Claims to have a 2 year warranty .	2 year warranty	neutral
I do not like the controller pads on the laptops / netbooks	controller pads	neutral
I do appreciate the greater energy efficiency ( 80Plus gold - certified , compared to bronze on my two others).One minor disappointment was how close together the SATA connectors are on the SATA power cable .	energy efficiency	neutral
I do appreciate the greater energy efficiency ( 80Plus gold - certified , compared to bronze on my two others).One minor disappointment was how close together the SATA connectors are on the SATA power cable .	SATA connectors	neutral
I do appreciate the greater energy efficiency ( 80Plus gold - certified , compared to bronze on my two others).One minor disappointment was how close together the SATA connectors are on the SATA power cable .	SATA power cable	neutral
so I could have a cleaning cloth next to my glasses and to share with family and friends who always seem to be complaining of smudges on glasses .	cleaning cloth	neutral
Fast to boot , fast to wake and fast to browse .	boot	neutral
Fast to boot , fast to wake and fast to browse .	wake	neutral
Fast to boot , fast to wake and fast to browse .	browse	neutral
If your new MacBook has no DVD drive that is the MacBook Air .	DVD drive	neutral
my opinion , the Streak 7 is marred by many flaws , two of them fatal : poor battery life ( particularly in stand - by ) and poor screen quality .	Streak 7	neutral
my opinion , the Streak 7 is marred by many flaws , two of them fatal : poor battery life ( particularly in stand - by ) and poor screen quality .	battery life	neutral
my opinion , the Streak 7 is marred by many flaws , two of them fatal : poor battery life ( particularly in stand - by ) and poor screen quality .	screen quality	neutral
Got ta love the Multi - touch !	Multi - touch	neutral
The quality of the sound is astonishing - even to visitors .	sound	neutral
I particularly love the Lightscribe DVD player .	Lightscribe DVD player	neutral
Connection and Reconnection : 2/5	Connection	neutral
The drive gets detected 10 out of 10 times in comparison to the other cheaper alternatives .	drive	neutral
= 79 CWith Chill Hub XC under the computer , fans off:- Windows 7 Aero desktop =	Windows 7 Aero desktop	neutral
that also had a speaker .	speaker	neutral
I switched to and Android phone and my wife now has the iPhone 5 - now making the sound dock ( without aux input ) nearly obsolete .	sound dock	neutral
I switched to and Android phone and my wife now has the iPhone 5 - now making the sound dock ( without aux input ) nearly obsolete .	aux input	neutral
I used one of these to enclose the 60 GB disk that I took out of my PS3 after I upgraded it to 320 GB .	60 GB disk	neutral
Just as described and works like a charm .	works	neutral
Added no appreciable weight to the Air far as I can feel in daily use .	weight	neutral
After light internet use ( no heavy hard drive / number crunching ) , this number drops to 3 hours within minutes .	internet	neutral
After light internet use ( no heavy hard drive / number crunching ) , this number drops to 3 hours within minutes .	hard drive	neutral
( NO CABLES , OR CHARGER ) .	CABLES	neutral
( NO CABLES , OR CHARGER ) .	CHARGER	neutral
works great for the chromebook .	works	neutral
This unit is also nice because it has eight plugs , with some merely surge protected ( no sense wasting battery life on the server 's monitor or a printer ) .	plugs	neutral
This unit is also nice because it has eight plugs , with some merely surge protected ( no sense wasting battery life on the server 's monitor or a printer ) .	battery life	neutral
Also used with cheap HD - SD adapter without problem .	HD - SD adapter	neutral
This adapter 's way better than my old one ,	adapter	neutral
If you need vga into hdmi for this mixer , this is the unit .	vga into	neutral
If you need vga into hdmi for this mixer , this is the unit .	hdmi	neutral
And to be honest , these speakers to me sound BETTER than Bose .	speakers	neutral
Bought one of these for my 1000HE found out too late that it will not charge your battery at all and will barely keep up powering the computer .	battery	neutral
It was very easy to install , and is pretty much & # 34;plug and play&#34 ; after you install the drivers via the given CD .	install	neutral
It was very easy to install , and is pretty much & # 34;plug and play&#34 ; after you install the drivers via the given CD .	drivers	neutral
I am a big fan of this type of bag as a working bag - rugged construction but minimal padding .	construction	neutral
I am a big fan of this type of bag as a working bag - rugged construction but minimal padding .	padding	neutral
Clear and easy to understand instructions were included in hardcopy and are displayed on the TV prior to connect .	instructions	neutral
The DVD player is only a 1080i -	DVD player	neutral
This eliminates the " bowing " and thus makes the bottom of the case fit better than Speck .	bottom of the case	neutral
The sound quality from iPhone or iPad is thin and hollow , but that 's not surprising from a low - end speaker .	sound quality	neutral
I did manage to create a profile typing the WPA2 key by hand and that worked .	WPA2 key	neutral
I do own headphones for which I 've paid over $ 500 , and which definitely need amps .	amps	neutral
Bought a few laptop cooling pads .	cooling pads	neutral
( my main tower is only a core i3 with 8 GB of RAM).This laptop is designed very well .	core i3	neutral
( my main tower is only a core i3 with 8 GB of RAM).This laptop is designed very well .	8	neutral
( my main tower is only a core i3 with 8 GB of RAM).This laptop is designed very well .	designed	neutral
Plus at my desk I can drop the power supply behind and underneath and reduce cord clutter .	power supply	neutral
Plus at my desk I can drop the power supply behind and underneath and reduce cord clutter .	cord	neutral
Windows 7 starter loads quickly and has just about all the features you need .	Windows 7 starter	neutral
Windows 7 starter loads quickly and has just about all the features you need .	features	neutral
Too bad Lenovo did n't keep AF adapter same or provide easier adapter .	adapter	neutral
This is one of those products that looks like it got a lot of attention during the design stage .	design	neutral
I will however complain about the size .	size	neutral
LAPTOP - WINDOWS VISTA BASICJust stuck it in the slot , recognized and works !	WINDOWS VISTA BASICJust	neutral
The treble and bass pop up on the screen , the screen crashes and recovers and customer service and I have a great relationship of reviewing all the times it has been returned to them for repair .	treble	neutral
The treble and bass pop up on the screen , the screen crashes and recovers and customer service and I have a great relationship of reviewing all the times it has been returned to them for repair .	bass	neutral
The treble and bass pop up on the screen , the screen crashes and recovers and customer service and I have a great relationship of reviewing all the times it has been returned to them for repair .	screen	neutral
The treble and bass pop up on the screen , the screen crashes and recovers and customer service and I have a great relationship of reviewing all the times it has been returned to them for repair .	customer service	neutral
After trying it with ever laptop and desktop in the house ( with 3 different operating systems ) it just did n't work .	operating systems	neutral
would be improved if the 2 screws to lock on to projectors were to be really bolt on rather than fall loose .	screws	neutral
In addition to how well it integrates with with my iPhone and iPad for better accuracy , the App provides a lot of interesting information for a techie like me .	App	neutral
The desktop does n't have a wireless card and our router is across the room , but I did n't want an ugly cord going across our floor .	wireless card	neutral
The desktop does n't have a wireless card and our router is across the room , but I did n't want an ugly cord going across our floor .	cord	neutral
If you create a master password or an hard disk password , do no forget them ! ! !	hard disk password	neutral
Due to the USB input , in a pinch , I could even use it on my full sized notebook or PC if I wanted .	USB input	neutral
Good price , too .	price	neutral
It has the perfect amount of storage for travel in a durable lightweight package .	storage	neutral
The speakers are on the bottom of the TV so it sounds like you 're listening thru a filter .	speakers	neutral
; , so far I have no complaints , fair product for the price .	price	neutral
With that said , I would recommend the keyboard- but maybe be cautious of this Sharkk	keyboard-	neutral
they are " alpha"You wo nt be able to run video on this monitor unless you want unsynced audio .	audio	neutral
This product may work fine for MacBooks but do n't waste your money if you 're trying to improve the sound on an iMac .	sound	neutral
I had an ASUS laptop that had the HDMI port too close to the VGA Port .	HDMI port	neutral
I had an ASUS laptop that had the HDMI port too close to the VGA Port .	VGA Port	neutral
all premium features without Ultrabook 's $ 1k Premium prices .	features	neutral
all premium features without Ultrabook 's $ 1k Premium prices .	prices	neutral
( Company provided laptop , I would have never bought the machine myself if I would have seen such a lame display arrangement in advance . ) .	display arrangement	neutral
The straps on the bottom are meant for a tripod .	straps	neutral
Battery Pack and Solar Charger	Battery Pack	neutral
Battery Pack and Solar Charger	Solar Charger	neutral
I could place it further awayc ) plugged the extension cable into a USB 3 . 0 port on my hub described aboveIt powered up perfectly , burned perfectly , and did so in even slightly less time than before on the exact same photo data : 52 minutes , for a transfer rate of over 13 mb per second .	extension cable	neutral
I could place it further awayc ) plugged the extension cable into a USB 3 . 0 port on my hub described aboveIt powered up perfectly , burned perfectly , and did so in even slightly less time than before on the exact same photo data : 52 minutes , for a transfer rate of over 13 mb per second .	USB 3 . 0 port	neutral
However , it works better with the Logitech SetPoint drivers and software that you can download ( for free ) from the manufacturer 's Web site .	Logitech	neutral
However , it works better with the Logitech SetPoint drivers and software that you can download ( for free ) from the manufacturer 's Web site .	SetPoint drivers	neutral
Turns out that the batteries do n't last long and that if / when the battery starts to die the things start to beep constantly ( which is really annoying if you work in a place that does n't allow things such as cellphones going off ) .	batteries	neutral
Turns out that the batteries do n't last long and that if / when the battery starts to die the things start to beep constantly ( which is really annoying if you work in a place that does n't allow things such as cellphones going off ) .	battery	neutral
Inspiron 1501 is only said to support up to 2 GB of RAM , but I figured with a fresh Windows 7 64 bit that I could push the limit a little bit .	Windows 7 64 bit	neutral
So far this device has allowed me to do that without any hiccups and at great speeds .	speeds	neutral
I cleaned the screen with the enclosed cloth and peeled off the first inch of the release paper .	screen	neutral
This is one beautiful laptop Brush medal , back lite keyboard and it worth every penny that you spend .	keyboard	neutral
I played with the Aspire One at the store for a while and could not get used to the side mouse button configuration which I found extremely frustrating to use .	side mouse button configuration	neutral
A - Male to A - Female Extension Cable ( 3 . 3	A - Female Extension Cable	neutral
Enabling the battery timer is useless .	battery timer	neutral
I was worried about a product that claimed to charge so many different electronic items that use any number of cells in the pack to arrive at various working voltages , but it seems that have that covered .	charge	neutral
I was worried about a product that claimed to charge so many different electronic items that use any number of cells in the pack to arrive at various working voltages , but it seems that have that covered .	cells	neutral
There are plenty of pockets for misc .	pockets	neutral
And I 'm pretty picky when it comes to video cameras , so that 's saying a lot .	video	neutral
The adapter is very sturdy and has gold contacts too .	adapter	neutral
The documentation on the Internet for replacing the fan is quite good .	fan	neutral
anyway even with the pocket , will simply not fit for the lack of space	pocket	neutral
anyway even with the pocket , will simply not fit for the lack of space	space	neutral
Audacity)[Average ] Photoshop editing ( Photoshop Elements)[POOR ]	Photoshop editing	neutral
Audacity)[Average ] Photoshop editing ( Photoshop Elements)[POOR ]	Photoshop Elements)[POOR	neutral
I was putting a fairly old laptop into service which only came with 256 mb of RAM .	service	neutral
I was putting a fairly old laptop into service which only came with 256 mb of RAM .	256 mb of RAM	neutral
Pocket holds the charger and my wireless mouse .	charger	neutral
He said if your budget would n't support paying hundreds of dollars , consider the GOgroove BlueSYNC .	budget	neutral
and it had some speakerphone and volume controls .	speakerphone	neutral
and it had some speakerphone and volume controls .	volume controls	neutral
Good price too !	price	neutral
Now the adapter end is wiggling just like the original	adapter end	neutral
I read some of the comments on the speakers and they work very well .	speakers	neutral
I plugged the Ankar charger in , and it immediately started charging the battery , which has stayed at 100 % since I plugged it in .	Ankar charger	neutral
I plugged the Ankar charger in , and it immediately started charging the battery , which has stayed at 100 % since I plugged it in .	battery	neutral
jokeI have no hesitation giving this netbook 4 stars , if it were not for the 98 % useless speaker I 'd give it 5 .	speaker	neutral
It does not open up and allow you to use your computer with the case attached , as some do .	case	neutral
It took about 15 minutes from start to finish and now the bass is noticeably tighter !	bass	neutral
It lasts longer than the manufactured battery .	battery	neutral
The pockets are very tight and I would only imagine putting just paper in there .	pockets	neutral
At $ 6 with free shipping , my response is , " meh".It 's a $ 6 cordless mouse with free shipping .	shipping	neutral
At $ 6 with free shipping , my response is , " meh".It 's a $ 6 cordless mouse with free shipping .	cordless mouse	neutral
At $ 6 with free shipping , my response is , " meh".It 's a $ 6 cordless mouse with free shipping .	shipping	neutral
The zipper pocket in the front provides enough room for me to the stash the charger as well as my Anywhere Mouse MX , and a nice little handle makes it easy to carry around .	zipper pocket	neutral
The zipper pocket in the front provides enough room for me to the stash the charger as well as my Anywhere Mouse MX , and a nice little handle makes it easy to carry around .	charger	neutral
The zipper pocket in the front provides enough room for me to the stash the charger as well as my Anywhere Mouse MX , and a nice little handle makes it easy to carry around .	handle	neutral
On its 320 GB hard drive , I have all my pictures , music and video files , so I 'm never far away from entertainment .	320 GB hard drive	neutral
Also impressive was the e - mail I received from the company offering me any support with problems .	company	neutral
The surface is very sticky , no way to use the Pogo stylus pen anymore .	surface	neutral
The surface is very sticky , no way to use the Pogo stylus pen anymore .	Pogo	neutral
The surface is very sticky , no way to use the Pogo stylus pen anymore .	stylus pen	neutral
After reading another user 's review , I realized this mouse is designed with storage space built in to hold the USB receiver .	mouse	neutral
After reading another user 's review , I realized this mouse is designed with storage space built in to hold the USB receiver .	storage space	neutral
After reading another user 's review , I realized this mouse is designed with storage space built in to hold the USB receiver .	USB receiver	neutral
The truth , I 'm amazed by sound and clearity this mini speaker provides , works with any MP3 , cell phones , tablets , ext ...	sound	neutral
Add power cable for the laptop , one mouse - the back bulges out .	power cable	neutral
Add power cable for the laptop , one mouse - the back bulges out .	mouse	neutral
I store my unit in a small Case Logic bag that was meant for a handful of CDs to protect it and keep the AC cord and the battery cover from getting separated .	AC cord	neutral
I store my unit in a small Case Logic bag that was meant for a handful of CDs to protect it and keep the AC cord and the battery cover from getting separated .	battery cover	neutral
Cons : Will not charge my phone .	charge	neutral
The speakers themselves have no volume control .	speakers	neutral
The speakers themselves have no volume control .	volume control	neutral
I had my doubts , given the space between the laptop and the cooling pad .	cooling pad	neutral
The memory was easy to install and works as promised .	memory	neutral
A little trouble with drivers , but works as advertised once you get that straightened out .	drivers	neutral
Finally a comment about the Mac platform .	Mac platform	neutral
Initially designed for the Apple notebooks , LA robe is made in a soft , shape - memory material , ideal to dress your notebook in an original fashion while protecting it from mobile life worries .	shape - memory	neutral
Apple has made the move to build - in the Lithium - ionbattery so when it fails you must return the entire Laptop for a replacement battery or if you 're like me open the case and replace it myself .	Lithium - ionbattery	neutral
Apple has made the move to build - in the Lithium - ionbattery so when it fails you must return the entire Laptop for a replacement battery or if you 're like me open the case and replace it myself .	battery	neutral
This is not a graphics , design , or media editing powerhouse .	graphics	neutral
This is not a graphics , design , or media editing powerhouse .	design	neutral
This is not a graphics , design , or media editing powerhouse .	media editing	neutral
The only problem I had was that the case was stubborn to close and the snap tight closure catches seemed a little bit " IFFY .	case	neutral
The only problem I had was that the case was stubborn to close and the snap tight closure catches seemed a little bit " IFFY .	snap tight closure catches	neutral
The extreme portability means I can type anywhere , the battery lasts longer than any other laptop .	portability	neutral
The extreme portability means I can type anywhere , the battery lasts longer than any other laptop .	battery	neutral
It works great and also the mouse pad is compatible .	mouse pad	neutral
First , the enclosure itself looks nice and feels pretty durable .	enclosure	neutral
I do n't worry about the LEDs .	LEDs	neutral
Powerful Wifi amplification !	Wifi amplification	neutral
It looks and feels like it cost about .42 to make , but gets the job done .	cost	neutral
This could possibly be just from the new plastic expanding a bit but its a hardly noticeable sound .	plastic	neutral
This could possibly be just from the new plastic expanding a bit but its a hardly noticeable sound .	sound	neutral
It works perfect and no problems to report .	works	neutral
Overall , I 'm happy with the quality of this keyboard / mouse combo , especially for the very fair price .	quality	neutral
Overall , I 'm happy with the quality of this keyboard / mouse combo , especially for the very fair price .	keyboard / mouse combo	neutral
Overall , I 'm happy with the quality of this keyboard / mouse combo , especially for the very fair price .	price	neutral
I think Chromebooks and the Chrome OS have a bright future , and the latest generation of Chrome computers are a vast improvement over their predecessors .	Chrome OS	neutral
The placement of the buttons on the side , rather then below , is awkward .	buttons	neutral
And the price was excellent .	price	neutral
Although it may work well for headphones or speakers , I just wanted to mention here that it seems not compatible with at least some Chrysler car radios .	headphones	neutral
Although it may work well for headphones or speakers , I just wanted to mention here that it seems not compatible with at least some Chrysler car radios .	speakers	neutral
If the touchpad features worked as advertised , it would be great .	touchpad features	neutral
I have n't had any issues with it and it is a solid charger to use with the Raspberry Pi or any other devices using the Micro USB connection .	charger	neutral
I have n't had any issues with it and it is a solid charger to use with the Raspberry Pi or any other devices using the Micro USB connection .	Micro USB connection	neutral
Not so tech savy myself , I would have had some problems with connecting to our wireless network and printer , but thanks to my tech support daughter & husband , I am up & running and happy with the purchase .	tech support	neutral
Win8 on the hard drive from inside Windows , I was able to install Ubuntu 12 .	Win8	neutral
Win8 on the hard drive from inside Windows , I was able to install Ubuntu 12 .	hard drive	neutral
Win8 on the hard drive from inside Windows , I was able to install Ubuntu 12 .	Ubuntu 12 .	neutral
I am thrilled to have a functional keyboard again and delighted that I did n't have to bother family or friends with this .	keyboard	neutral
( Word , Excel , Access , Powerpoint , Outlook ) and Visual Studio and they work great - no issues so far .	Word	neutral
( Word , Excel , Access , Powerpoint , Outlook ) and Visual Studio and they work great - no issues so far .	Excel	neutral
( Word , Excel , Access , Powerpoint , Outlook ) and Visual Studio and they work great - no issues so far .	Access	neutral
( Word , Excel , Access , Powerpoint , Outlook ) and Visual Studio and they work great - no issues so far .	Powerpoint	neutral
( Word , Excel , Access , Powerpoint , Outlook ) and Visual Studio and they work great - no issues so far .	Outlook	neutral
( Word , Excel , Access , Powerpoint , Outlook ) and Visual Studio and they work great - no issues so far .	Visual Studio	neutral
I needed a long life battery to watch movies .	battery	neutral
The top has a subtle scratch , and the base of the case were sloppily put together .	top	neutral
The top has a subtle scratch , and the base of the case were sloppily put together .	base of	neutral
It works , good price fast shipment well packaged .	price	neutral
It works , good price fast shipment well packaged .	shipment	neutral
With Windows you might have to reinstall the OS and each and every application .	Windows	neutral
With Windows you might have to reinstall the OS and each and every application .	OS	neutral
With Windows you might have to reinstall the OS and each and every application .	application	neutral
The little stylus is surprisingly capable for drawing , and the stock nib has a slightly softer tip , eliminating any clacking while taking notes in meetingsCONS:- Mostly with the software .	stock	neutral
The little stylus is surprisingly capable for drawing , and the stock nib has a slightly softer tip , eliminating any clacking while taking notes in meetingsCONS:- Mostly with the software .	nib	neutral
The little stylus is surprisingly capable for drawing , and the stock nib has a slightly softer tip , eliminating any clacking while taking notes in meetingsCONS:- Mostly with the software .	tip	neutral
The little stylus is surprisingly capable for drawing , and the stock nib has a slightly softer tip , eliminating any clacking while taking notes in meetingsCONS:- Mostly with the software .	software	neutral
It was hard to turn on and off and needed to have the reset button pushed quite often which means you need to have a small paper clip handy when using the unit .	reset button	neutral
I installed the original Crysis , fully expecting it to fail as it is designed for XP / Vista , but it worked great and the graphics were terrific and the laptop was silent ( no loud fan noise ) during the gameplay .	Crysis	neutral
I installed the original Crysis , fully expecting it to fail as it is designed for XP / Vista , but it worked great and the graphics were terrific and the laptop was silent ( no loud fan noise ) during the gameplay .	XP / Vista	neutral
I installed the original Crysis , fully expecting it to fail as it is designed for XP / Vista , but it worked great and the graphics were terrific and the laptop was silent ( no loud fan noise ) during the gameplay .	graphics	neutral
I installed the original Crysis , fully expecting it to fail as it is designed for XP / Vista , but it worked great and the graphics were terrific and the laptop was silent ( no loud fan noise ) during the gameplay .	fan noise	neutral
I installed the original Crysis , fully expecting it to fail as it is designed for XP / Vista , but it worked great and the graphics were terrific and the laptop was silent ( no loud fan noise ) during the gameplay .	gameplay	neutral
If I 'm hiking , bag further has a hip strap , in addition to shoulder straps .	hip strap	neutral
If I 'm hiking , bag further has a hip strap , in addition to shoulder straps .	shoulder straps	neutral
So far it been a great laptop , very fast , nice key board and big clear screen .	key board	neutral
So far it been a great laptop , very fast , nice key board and big clear screen .	screen	neutral
Save yourself the money and headaches and get a portable Samsung burner instead ( at almost half the price).As for the loss of the illuminated keyboard in the latest editions , it was largely a cosmetic feature , not bright enough to be practical during nighttime use .	illuminated keyboard	neutral
Given that I 've only owned it for a week or so , I ca n't yet speak to the robustness of the zippers .	zippers	neutral
I woke up and immediatly plugged the battery pack in and within another hour the phone was half charged but the battery pack was out of juice .	battery pack	neutral
I woke up and immediatly plugged the battery pack in and within another hour the phone was half charged but the battery pack was out of juice .	battery pack	neutral
Now that I 'm considering paying for a wireless broadband subscription , it would be nice to have that card internal as with the Dell and HPs .	wireless broadband subscription	neutral
Now that I 'm considering paying for a wireless broadband subscription , it would be nice to have that card internal as with the Dell and HPs .	card	neutral
After researching my order I noticed I had selected the short 12 inch cables by accident .	12 inch cables	neutral
I just received this keyboard yesterday and have put it into use .	keyboard	neutral
But Divx / AVI files play just fine .	Divx / AVI files	neutral
I have noticed that the touchpad seems a bit squishy when moving the mouse cursor , and very sensitive as compared to the touchpad on my other computer , a MacBook .	touchpad	neutral
I have noticed that the touchpad seems a bit squishy when moving the mouse cursor , and very sensitive as compared to the touchpad on my other computer , a MacBook .	mouse cursor	neutral
I have noticed that the touchpad seems a bit squishy when moving the mouse cursor , and very sensitive as compared to the touchpad on my other computer , a MacBook .	touchpad	neutral
So why this would n't work with this one particular case / keyboard	case /	neutral
So why this would n't work with this one particular case / keyboard	keyboard	neutral
The lining of the compartments for the computer and tablets is a super soft plush keeping them safe from scratches and buffering bumps .	lining	neutral
The lining of the compartments for the computer and tablets is a super soft plush keeping them safe from scratches and buffering bumps .	compartments	neutral
I have no idea what the " warranty " is on this , but I need a replacement NOW and will likely just need to buy another unit .	warranty	neutral
Keyboard - I really like the chicklet layout of the keyboard .	Keyboard	neutral
Keyboard - I really like the chicklet layout of the keyboard .	chicklet layout	neutral
Keyboard - I really like the chicklet layout of the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
You see , upon the release of Windows 8 . 1 , ( allegedly , according to others with the same issue ) , intel wifi drivers have horrible DNS default gateway name resolution ( or something like that ) and this results in MANY MANY completely DROPPED .. nay ,	Windows 8 . 1	neutral
You see , upon the release of Windows 8 . 1 , ( allegedly , according to others with the same issue ) , intel wifi drivers have horrible DNS default gateway name resolution ( or something like that ) and this results in MANY MANY completely DROPPED .. nay ,	intel wifi drivers	neutral
You see , upon the release of Windows 8 . 1 , ( allegedly , according to others with the same issue ) , intel wifi drivers have horrible DNS default gateway name resolution ( or something like that ) and this results in MANY MANY completely DROPPED .. nay ,	DNS default gateway name resolution	neutral
Decided to use it mostly for storage at home , streamline items when I go out ...	storage	neutral
I think this is very practical in many ways for anybody who needs a big screen .	screen	neutral
So I have no problem using the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I did n't look at directions or anything else .	directions	neutral
The multi - touch gesturing is amazing , convenient , and super intuitive .	multi - touch gesturing	neutral
There are several situations where signal is too weak ( mobile , camping etc ) .	signal	neutral
The staff members are very active on avsforum .	staff members	neutral
The staff members are very active on avsforum .	avsforum	neutral
Not strong Plastic	Plastic	neutral
You can do this through either diskpart commnad line utility or if you want to keep the recovery partition , just buy a cheap 8 GB USB flash drive .	diskpart commnad line utility	neutral
You can do this through either diskpart commnad line utility or if you want to keep the recovery partition , just buy a cheap 8 GB USB flash drive .	recovery partition	neutral
You can do this through either diskpart commnad line utility or if you want to keep the recovery partition , just buy a cheap 8 GB USB flash drive .	8 GB USB flash drive	neutral
This Web page clarifies the difference using the model number on the batteries and other battery charactistics : [ ... ]	batteries	neutral
This Web page clarifies the difference using the model number on the batteries and other battery charactistics : [ ... ]	battery	neutral
Lithium - Ion battery on this model but most DV6 models have a 6 cell .	Lithium - Ion battery	neutral
Lithium - Ion battery on this model but most DV6 models have a 6 cell .	6 cell	neutral
Has a very nice sound for something that cost so little .	sound	neutral
Has a very nice sound for something that cost so little .	cost	neutral
I had the volume knob on the speaker at about 25 % and my PC 's volume control set fairly high to reach a normal listening level .	volume knob	neutral
I had the volume knob on the speaker at about 25 % and my PC 's volume control set fairly high to reach a normal listening level .	speaker	neutral
I had the volume knob on the speaker at about 25 % and my PC 's volume control set fairly high to reach a normal listening level .	volume control	neutral
I 've had HDMI connection problems for a while where it would flicker and look for HDMI signal .	HDMI connection	neutral
I 've had HDMI connection problems for a while where it would flicker and look for HDMI signal .	HDMI signal	neutral
Chrome remembers all my settings , and Google Drive transfers all my data from my desktop whenever I need it .	Google Drive	neutral
My only complaint , which is not a fault of the adapter , is anytime my notebook goes into a power saving mode it disconnects the monitor .	adapter	neutral
My only complaint , which is not a fault of the adapter , is anytime my notebook goes into a power saving mode it disconnects the monitor .	power saving	neutral
My only complaint , which is not a fault of the adapter , is anytime my notebook goes into a power saving mode it disconnects the monitor .	monitor	neutral
Unlike some comments I had seen , this is real leather and it does not smell weird .	leather	neutral
I could find no difference in performance no matter which side of the laptop .	performance	neutral
I bought this PC for browsing the web , dealing with email , text and HTML editing and simple photomanipulation .	browsing the web	neutral
It is also Bluetooth compatible and ( as mentioned ) has a NFC area in the top center of the screen .	Bluetooth	neutral
It is also Bluetooth compatible and ( as mentioned ) has a NFC area in the top center of the screen .	NFC area	neutral
It is also Bluetooth compatible and ( as mentioned ) has a NFC area in the top center of the screen .	screen	neutral
There are two slit pockets on the back that are just the right size for smartphones , business cards , or writing instruments .	pockets	neutral
One of the best features is that you can move your character with your thumb in MMOs , FPS 's , etc ...	features	neutral
You can still easily see the keys in the dark though because the skin reflects the light from the led - lcd screen better than the keys .	keys	neutral
You can still easily see the keys in the dark though because the skin reflects the light from the led - lcd screen better than the keys .	skin	neutral
You can still easily see the keys in the dark though because the skin reflects the light from the led - lcd screen better than the keys .	led - lcd screen	neutral
You can still easily see the keys in the dark though because the skin reflects the light from the led - lcd screen better than the keys .	keys	neutral
For ergonomics , the bag comes with a waist belt .	ergonomics	neutral
For ergonomics , the bag comes with a waist belt .	waist	neutral
The drive itself is probably not defective !	drive	neutral
but I think I 'll be able to manage a decent speed .	speed	neutral
Highly recommend , especially for the price .	price	neutral
so hopefully the first cable was a dud and the next will last a good but longer .	cable	neutral
My only complaint is with my external keyboard and mouse .	external keyboard	neutral
My only complaint is with my external keyboard and mouse .	mouse	neutral
My Samsung Galaxy Note fits perfectly in this sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
I can dream of a lighter more powerful battery and squeeze in a DVD drive somewhere .	battery	neutral
I can dream of a lighter more powerful battery and squeeze in a DVD drive somewhere .	DVD drive	neutral
They are worth the price .	price	neutral
Also on the laptop part of the bag , it has its own zipper to get into it , AND where the laptop is placed is a velcro strap to further prevent slippage and you could still fit a notebook or two in that side and the walls are padded front to back to soften blows to the laptop .	zipper	neutral
I do nt know why the retail price of the bag is listed as more than $ 100 , because this is definitely not worth more than $ 40 .	retail price	neutral
This one has great wheels and handle and is very well built - especially considering the price .	wheels	neutral
This one has great wheels and handle and is very well built - especially considering the price .	handle	neutral
This one has great wheels and handle and is very well built - especially considering the price .	built	neutral
This one has great wheels and handle and is very well built - especially considering the price .	price	neutral
From what I have read , 120HZ by itself does not make much of a difference , but	120HZ	neutral
I still have n't figured out how to keep the address bar at the top of webpages on this , and have Internet Explorer 11 on several computers , and this is the only one that has lost that address bar !	address bar	neutral
I still have n't figured out how to keep the address bar at the top of webpages on this , and have Internet Explorer 11 on several computers , and this is the only one that has lost that address bar !	Internet Explorer 11	neutral
( beyond the VDI thing of course ... but remember this section is in consumer mode	VDI	neutral
It 's actually more like a smartphone with an great screen and excellent keyboard .	screen	neutral
It 's actually more like a smartphone with an great screen and excellent keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
At forty dollars it becomes an option to other computer speakers , but has several advantages : self - powered , rechargeable , reasonably long battery life , all in one unit , thumbdrive and SD card readers , easily - accessible controls ... and it can be used with pretty much any device that has a headphone plug .	battery life	neutral
At forty dollars it becomes an option to other computer speakers , but has several advantages : self - powered , rechargeable , reasonably long battery life , all in one unit , thumbdrive and SD card readers , easily - accessible controls ... and it can be used with pretty much any device that has a headphone plug .	thumbdrive	neutral
At forty dollars it becomes an option to other computer speakers , but has several advantages : self - powered , rechargeable , reasonably long battery life , all in one unit , thumbdrive and SD card readers , easily - accessible controls ... and it can be used with pretty much any device that has a headphone plug .	SD card readers	neutral
At forty dollars it becomes an option to other computer speakers , but has several advantages : self - powered , rechargeable , reasonably long battery life , all in one unit , thumbdrive and SD card readers , easily - accessible controls ... and it can be used with pretty much any device that has a headphone plug .	controls	neutral
At forty dollars it becomes an option to other computer speakers , but has several advantages : self - powered , rechargeable , reasonably long battery life , all in one unit , thumbdrive and SD card readers , easily - accessible controls ... and it can be used with pretty much any device that has a headphone plug .	headphone plug	neutral
They 'll never need to sit through a Windows update , a virus scan , or get a BSOD .	Windows update	neutral
They 'll never need to sit through a Windows update , a virus scan , or get a BSOD .	virus scan	neutral
After it arrived I spent some time playing with it and am absolutely amazed at theoverall quality of the pen which was a big relief since spending so much for a pen worried me .	pen	neutral
After it arrived I spent some time playing with it and am absolutely amazed at theoverall quality of the pen which was a big relief since spending so much for a pen worried me .	pen	neutral
They obviously want consumers to pay their over priced longer cable after purchasing their tablets !	cable	neutral
So no , this is n't a mouse replacement for me .	mouse	neutral
Most important thing is that it works good with my Dell XPS laptop .	works	neutral
Does not come with a drive .	drive	neutral
I then plugged the power strip into a Belkin Conserve Socket ( about $ 10 ) which is plugged into the wall .	power strip	neutral
I then plugged the power strip into a Belkin Conserve Socket ( about $ 10 ) which is plugged into the wall .	Belkin Conserve Socket	neutral
You can install VLC player to replace it .	VLC player	neutral
The mounting tabs are more annoying than helpful splatted on the borders of my macbook .	mounting tabs	neutral
Wanted to view the picture on my computer on the big screen .	screen	neutral
IMHO , at the iM237 price point there are several much better alternatives ( from Altec Lansing and Logitech , and others ) that I would purchase instead .	price point	neutral
I originally got this to replace my Android Tablet , but with the added convenience of the keyboard , the ability to run full Windows applications , and the full license for Office , I find myself using it for my primary home computer .	keyboard	neutral
I originally got this to replace my Android Tablet , but with the added convenience of the keyboard , the ability to run full Windows applications , and the full license for Office , I find myself using it for my primary home computer .	Windows applications	neutral
, it has a very small usb stick but it stores in the mouse itself .	usb stick	neutral
, it has a very small usb stick but it stores in the mouse itself .	mouse	neutral
no software features with my card , just pure card .	software features	neutral
no software features with my card , just pure card .	card	neutral
For its size , the woofer included is mindblowing , the songs have a deep bass that one has come to expect from Lansing .	size	neutral
For its size , the woofer included is mindblowing , the songs have a deep bass that one has come to expect from Lansing .	woofer	neutral
For its size , the woofer included is mindblowing , the songs have a deep bass that one has come to expect from Lansing .	bass	neutral
It comes with this really weird toxic smell , but after a week of airing out the smell diminished .	smell	neutral
Absolutely pleased with this charger , so much that I ordered another one .	charger	neutral
so I called Medialink 's tech support .	Medialink 's	neutral
so I called Medialink 's tech support .	tech support	neutral
The mouse was always in the same room with the same laptop doing the same thing .	mouse	neutral
It can create basic office documents ( docs , spreadsheets , presentations ) and export them for use in MS office .	office documents	neutral
It can create basic office documents ( docs , spreadsheets , presentations ) and export them for use in MS office .	MS office	neutral
In other words , you do n't have to drop the pen to type in a field and then pick the pen back up .	pen	neutral
In other words , you do n't have to drop the pen to type in a field and then pick the pen back up .	pen	neutral
The camera becomes another drive in Windows Explorer that you just drag to your hard drive .	camera	neutral
The camera becomes another drive in Windows Explorer that you just drag to your hard drive .	Windows Explorer	neutral
The camera becomes another drive in Windows Explorer that you just drag to your hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
2 GB is what PCs should have these days when using Vista .	Vista	neutral
It 's actually the crucial & # 34;ReadyBoost&#34 ; on my computer that is allowing me enough RAM to write this .	RAM	neutral
but if you unlock it and expand it to 2-inches high you get a great full bass sound - one of the best I 've heard in this price range .	full bass sound	neutral
but if you unlock it and expand it to 2-inches high you get a great full bass sound - one of the best I 've heard in this price range .	price range	neutral
50 with free shipping	shipping	neutral
This mouse works well with my Windows 7 laptop and Windows 8 desktop .	mouse	neutral
This mouse works well with my Windows 7 laptop and Windows 8 desktop .	Windows	neutral
This mouse works well with my Windows 7 laptop and Windows 8 desktop .	Windows	neutral
I then used the wizard of the Intel Graphics control panel ( right click and properties ) and then selected ( under scaling )	Intel Graphics control panel	neutral
I tried to connect it to my PC AND Macbook but the Archos locked up .	Archos	neutral
IT HAS PERFORMED PERFECTLY .	PERFORMED	neutral
This could matter if one needs to easily remove the filter when making a presentation on the screen that you want more than one person to see .	filter	neutral
This could matter if one needs to easily remove the filter when making a presentation on the screen that you want more than one person to see .	screen	neutral
So this tablet can be run in parent mode , where it 's an Android 4 . 0	Android 4 . 0	neutral
And of course , it was not suggested to me by any of the tech support people that I contacted .	tech support people	neutral
These adapters work very well and allowed me to use a motherboard with USB2 connectors with a case that has USB3 plug .	motherboard	neutral
These adapters work very well and allowed me to use a motherboard with USB2 connectors with a case that has USB3 plug .	USB2 connectors	neutral
These adapters work very well and allowed me to use a motherboard with USB2 connectors with a case that has USB3 plug .	USB3 plug	neutral
In the end it boots in 50 seconds , even though I usually just shut the lid to put it to sleep and open it for instant use (	boots	neutral
I just got back home from a two - week trip encompassing Beijing , Shanghai , and Hong Kong and this adapter worked in every single place .	adapter	neutral
The zipper moves well .	zipper	neutral
The mini displayport to DVI adapter from Apple is quite short .	mini displayport to DVI adapter	neutral
Also , people complained about the laptop area not having enough padding which is ridiculous as well .	laptop area	neutral
Also , people complained about the laptop area not having enough padding which is ridiculous as well .	padding	neutral
I first bought one from the local BB and found it terrible for watching Netflix , the movie would stutter even after adjusting the Hybrid to full power .	Hybrid	neutral
the mic quality is pretty good for the price .	mic quality	neutral
the mic quality is pretty good for the price .	price	neutral
Works great as a replacement for our keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Bought it because it may be the last of the 3D capable notebooks with this processing power .	processing power	neutral
Still happens , but now have longer period of operation .	operation	neutral
Easy to set up .	set up	neutral
but I did n't realize that it would n't have any mechanism for keeping it	mechanism	neutral
She 's able to share the sound when she want other to hear a new song from her cellphone .	sound	neutral
it fit the specs for size , and the ideapad was even called out in the description .	specs	neutral
it fit the specs for size , and the ideapad was even called out in the description .	size	neutral
it fit the specs for size , and the ideapad was even called out in the description .	ideapad	neutral
* The design is a departure from most other laptop sleeves which are one plain color on the outside , and some alternating color on the inside .	design	neutral
The double siding is cool .	double siding	neutral
In all honesty , spec wise , it 's insane this only costs $ 250 when HP is charging more for less .	spec	neutral
In all honesty , spec wise , it 's insane this only costs $ 250 when HP is charging more for less .	costs	neutral
Although my car can connect to my iPhone via BT and stream audio , I had bought an accessory that allowed me to see the video - out from my iPhone and the display was much nicer than anything that came stock in the car .	display	neutral
Just unpacked a brand new Sony VAIO T13124CXS touchscreen Windows 8 Laptop .	Windows 8	neutral
Sine then the mouse on my desk top went out	mouse	neutral
Then I caught a good price for it on amazon and placed an order .	price	neutral
i just would have bought a new intel wireless card on amazon and been happy ... but there was no way i was going to start tearing apart a notebook without any type of guidance .	intel wireless card	neutral
Good Quality , and I 'm glad I ordered it online .	Quality	neutral
There is the option to remove the cover if you find it rather annoying .	cover	neutral
The compartment that houses the laptop will not hold much else when a 17 " is inserted .	compartment	neutral
an external drive ..	external drive	neutral
The Iconia is a chunk tab to begin with .	Iconia	neutral
This thing is impossible to install without bubbles on your screen !	screen	neutral
There is so much space in this pack , I love it !	space	neutral
The 13 . 3 " screen looks great ( resolution of 1366x768 ) although it is glossy instead of matt .	13 . 3 " screen	neutral
The 13 . 3 " screen looks great ( resolution of 1366x768 ) although it is glossy instead of matt .	resolution	neutral
, this is my first Win8 machine	Win8	neutral
The only USB adaptor that I could find that fit this requirement was the Edimax EW-7811UTC AC600 .	USB adaptor	neutral
I 've backed up all my bluray DVDs to my macbook with this drive and it has n't missed a beat .	bluray DVDs	neutral
I absolutely love it and am thinking of getting other Bluetooth enabled devices !	Bluetooth enabled	neutral
I have been using Windows forever , but this is my first Macbook Pro , and it is true ...	Windows	neutral
Received product just as descripted , fast shipper ! !	shipper	neutral
With the maturation of Docs , the addition of offline capabilities , and the abundance of media streaming services , Chrome OS now offers a full solution for most needs .	Docs	neutral
With the maturation of Docs , the addition of offline capabilities , and the abundance of media streaming services , Chrome OS now offers a full solution for most needs .	offline capabilities	neutral
With the maturation of Docs , the addition of offline capabilities , and the abundance of media streaming services , Chrome OS now offers a full solution for most needs .	Chrome OS	neutral
Port forwarding is a drag to perform , in part because of the unintuitive look and feel , in part because every minor change requires a lengthy system pause ( though not quite a reboot , luckily!).- Worst , the unit has a reliability problem ; at random times ( though typically during heavy data traffic ) , the unit spontaneously resets .	Port forwarding	neutral
Port forwarding is a drag to perform , in part because of the unintuitive look and feel , in part because every minor change requires a lengthy system pause ( though not quite a reboot , luckily!).- Worst , the unit has a reliability problem ; at random times ( though typically during heavy data traffic ) , the unit spontaneously resets .	look	neutral
Port forwarding is a drag to perform , in part because of the unintuitive look and feel , in part because every minor change requires a lengthy system pause ( though not quite a reboot , luckily!).- Worst , the unit has a reliability problem ; at random times ( though typically during heavy data traffic ) , the unit spontaneously resets .	system pause	neutral
Port forwarding is a drag to perform , in part because of the unintuitive look and feel , in part because every minor change requires a lengthy system pause ( though not quite a reboot , luckily!).- Worst , the unit has a reliability problem ; at random times ( though typically during heavy data traffic ) , the unit spontaneously resets .	reliability	neutral
It works like it should and protects my Nook Tablet .	works	neutral
The silver palm rest protectors match my Macbook PERFECTLY .	silver	neutral
The silver palm rest protectors match my Macbook PERFECTLY .	palm rest protectors	neutral
You can feel the quality and tell it is built to last .	quality	neutral
The design of the item is what I would have wanted from the beginning .	design	neutral
The shell does the job it needs to do and it comes with a free keyboard cover ( more on that in a second ) .	shell	neutral
The shell does the job it needs to do and it comes with a free keyboard cover ( more on that in a second ) .	keyboard cover	neutral
Its design is simple and straightforward , yet very attractive .	design	neutral
I read some of the issues that were common problems like the space bar malfunctioning the system partition being too small , the trackpad being finicky and having issues with flash video playback .	space bar	neutral
I read some of the issues that were common problems like the space bar malfunctioning the system partition being too small , the trackpad being finicky and having issues with flash video playback .	system partition	neutral
I read some of the issues that were common problems like the space bar malfunctioning the system partition being too small , the trackpad being finicky and having issues with flash video playback .	trackpad	neutral
I read some of the issues that were common problems like the space bar malfunctioning the system partition being too small , the trackpad being finicky and having issues with flash video playback .	flash video playback	neutral
The rollers are quite nice ; very smooth and fluid .	rollers	neutral
Gets very warm at the palm area during charging phase .	charging phase	neutral
original battery died .	battery	neutral
the fan is big and silent with only one speed as you plug it in .	fan	neutral
the fan is big and silent with only one speed as you plug it in .	speed	neutral
The battery itself looks great with great details .	battery	neutral
I installed it on the weekend , so I did n't think the customer service would be available ....	customer service	neutral
3 " size is nice , but bordering on too big , I would n't go any bigger .	size	neutral
so if your external USB device has its own power supply or adapter , you 'll be fine .	external USB device	neutral
so if your external USB device has its own power supply or adapter , you 'll be fine .	power supply	neutral
Ultra - Mini Hub ( F5U407 ) is not perfect ( what is ? )	Ultra - Mini Hub	neutral
Powerful good graphics , but its a bit heavy and the form factor for putting this on your lap and trying to type is not good .	graphics	neutral
Powerful good graphics , but its a bit heavy and the form factor for putting this on your lap and trying to type is not good .	form factor	neutral
Pros : Bright Screen ! !	Screen	neutral
So , like many other MacBook Pro owners , I 'm now a member of the my - battery - swelled - up - like - a - bag - of - microwave - popcorn club .	battery	neutral
Works great .	Works	neutral
Power cable worked like a charm !	Power cable	neutral
The 16 " screen maintains a nice balance of generous size & decent portability , though folks looking for something light and svelte would probably want to pursue something smaller .	16 " screen	neutral
The 16 " screen maintains a nice balance of generous size & decent portability , though folks looking for something light and svelte would probably want to pursue something smaller .	size	neutral
The 16 " screen maintains a nice balance of generous size & decent portability , though folks looking for something light and svelte would probably want to pursue something smaller .	portability	neutral
I sit my tablet in the case and wrap these two straps around it , sealing it with the Velcro , and it securely holds my tablet .	straps	neutral
USB DRIVE .	USB DRIVE	neutral
I saw , too late , that other reviewers had complained about the USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
I much prefer Timbuk2 's quick release buckles for ease of use , or even SealLine 's stretch hook closure .	quick	neutral
I much prefer Timbuk2 's quick release buckles for ease of use , or even SealLine 's stretch hook closure .	use	neutral
I much prefer Timbuk2 's quick release buckles for ease of use , or even SealLine 's stretch hook closure .	stretch hook closure	neutral
Generous cord length , seems well - built .	cord length	neutral
Just like I suspected it was a defective battery .	battery	neutral
This card does not fit well in it 's PCI socket when affixed to the cage slot .	PCI socket	neutral
This card does not fit well in it 's PCI socket when affixed to the cage slot .	cage slot	neutral
( This review is being written on the NT520K. Having purchasing other Bluetooth keyboards , I had to admit this has been one of the best typing experience I 've had .	Bluetooth keyboards	neutral
Did notice that the plastic on both front corners does not go very far on the sides to offer additional protection .	plastic	neutral
Sometimes it lowers power output , has to be reset , etc .	power output	neutral
C- Dragon Age Origins ( medium / high graphics )	graphics	neutral
The computer is built like a tank and has an incredibly SOLID feel .	built	neutral
1 update)___________________________________________________________Not many want to shell out their dollars on Office 360 if all they intend of using is standard word processors .	Office 360	neutral
1 update)___________________________________________________________Not many want to shell out their dollars on Office 360 if all they intend of using is standard word processors .	word processors	neutral
I would have like to have seen more I / O.	I / O.	neutral
The wire shorted out on the original Acer unit that last about a year .	wire	neutral
Two of my iPad - owning buddies have admitted they feel rooked when they consider what I paid for so much more power .	power	neutral
it is very fast compared even to usb 3 .	usb 3	neutral
Note that the connectors up card orientation with the vertical airflow direction means that the cpu cooler fan wo n't be on the usual side , but rather 90 degrees around from that .	connectors	neutral
Note that the connectors up card orientation with the vertical airflow direction means that the cpu cooler fan wo n't be on the usual side , but rather 90 degrees around from that .	airflow direction	neutral
Note that the connectors up card orientation with the vertical airflow direction means that the cpu cooler fan wo n't be on the usual side , but rather 90 degrees around from that .	cpu cooler fan	neutral
I had issues with my old cord .	cord	neutral
Small enough to be convenient but a big enough hardrive to load up with movies and such .	hardrive	neutral
It did n't work well with the protective case still on the tablet , and it takes some use before the Xoom will slide onto the dock easily .	protective case	neutral
It did n't work well with the protective case still on the tablet , and it takes some use before the Xoom will slide onto the dock easily .	dock	neutral
I ordered two of these to replace two broken cables from my Samsung Galaxy S2 and my brother 's ( fragile stuff ) .	cables	neutral
The energy star sticker in particular left a damn mess which I had to remove with WD-40 on a polishing cloth .	energy star sticker	neutral
There are no pockets on the inside or outside of this case .	pockets	neutral
The power outlets work just fine and	power outlets	neutral
If you want to know where my source of dissatisfaction comes from , go to an Apple Store and check out the Incase " Sling " line of very minimalist cases for the Macbook Pro series .	Incase	neutral
It does not seem to be constructed of the highest quality materials , or have the most helpful progress notification for the user ( only one small light flashes occasionally to inform you the attached harddrive is still connected ) , hence the 4 star rating .	materials	neutral
It does not seem to be constructed of the highest quality materials , or have the most helpful progress notification for the user ( only one small light flashes occasionally to inform you the attached harddrive is still connected ) , hence the 4 star rating .	harddrive	neutral
This 9 cell battery enables me to use my laptop for 4 straight hours without needing a recharge .	9 cell battery	neutral
I have n't tossed this out , though , because its USB charging capability is actually useful for charging my MP3 player without having to have the computer on .	USB charging capability	neutral
Encore Dual Port USB AC Charger with Rechargeable Extended Battery is no longer being sold .	Dual Port USB AC Charger	neutral
Encore Dual Port USB AC Charger with Rechargeable Extended Battery is no longer being sold .	Rechargeable	neutral
Encore Dual Port USB AC Charger with Rechargeable Extended Battery is no longer being sold .	Extended Battery	neutral
This does take care of the problem but can you imagine you have to install the driver once every 2 to 3 days ?	driver	neutral
Let me start with the " criticisms " that some people may discuss or may want to know before buying : Screen and speakers then I will go into the rest of the device .	Screen	neutral
Let me start with the " criticisms " that some people may discuss or may want to know before buying : Screen and speakers then I will go into the rest of the device .	speakers	neutral
I purchased this laptop recently and from a performance and features perspective , it is a winner .	performance	neutral
I purchased this laptop recently and from a performance and features perspective , it is a winner .	features	neutral
Works fine for my Toshiba laptop with bluetooth mouse and Soundfreaq speaker .	bluetooth mouse	neutral
Works fine for my Toshiba laptop with bluetooth mouse and Soundfreaq speaker .	Soundfreaq speaker	neutral
However I do use it everynight to charge my phone	charge	neutral
I originally gave these cables five stars .	cables	neutral
So the screen size really is nt a issue .	screen size	neutral
This way , cord length is no longer an issue .	cord length	neutral
I bought this mainly for email and Internet access while traveling	Internet access	neutral
It 's the perfect companion to a few other energy efficiency enhancements ( ssd and Windows 8 .	energy efficiency	neutral
It 's the perfect companion to a few other energy efficiency enhancements ( ssd and Windows 8 .	ssd	neutral
It 's the perfect companion to a few other energy efficiency enhancements ( ssd and Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
The down sides are boot time and battery life .	boot time	neutral
The down sides are boot time and battery life .	battery life	neutral
This will vary by person but with the keys missing above WASD I would be willing to bet most gamers will hate this Gameboard at first .	keys	neutral
This was purchased as a replacement to my mother 's laptop charger as the original one had stopped working .	charger	neutral
If you are also a windows user and thinking of moving to Mac , just do n't think .	windows	neutral
Main features that make it a great buy for the price	features	neutral
Main features that make it a great buy for the price	price	neutral
This causes the keyboard to get kind of sticky , and not that pleasant to use .	keyboard	neutral
This a nice well built laptop !	built	neutral
The only minor issue I have is that I wish it had a backlight for low - light conditions .	backlight	neutral
If they come up with the same bag with a strap that can make it a cross body bag I 'll buy it again .	strap	neutral
They had staff and Nabi " fan " ( volunteers ) available on Facebook all week including Christmas day answering questions and helping out .	staff	neutral
I know I can probably diagnose it , but I think instead i 'll opt for an internal drive since they last for years , are faster , and quieter .	internal drive	neutral
The hard drives in these laptops are not very good either , mine began failing within 4 months and the diskeeper application sucks and scans and rescans and re - defrags the system for no reason .	hard drives	neutral
The hard drives in these laptops are not very good either , mine began failing within 4 months and the diskeeper application sucks and scans and rescans and re - defrags the system for no reason .	diskeeper application	neutral
The hard drives in these laptops are not very good either , mine began failing within 4 months and the diskeeper application sucks and scans and rescans and re - defrags the system for no reason .	system	neutral
The Inateck works well with my iMac , but I had a problem with the Ethernet connection with Macbook Pro Retina on OS - X Mavericks .	Inateck	neutral
The Inateck works well with my iMac , but I had a problem with the Ethernet connection with Macbook Pro Retina on OS - X Mavericks .	Ethernet connection	neutral
The Inateck works well with my iMac , but I had a problem with the Ethernet connection with Macbook Pro Retina on OS - X Mavericks .	OS - X Mavericks	neutral
The computer is great at multitasking - I am often running MS Word , PowerPoint , and internet at the same time , and sometimes have Adobe Photoshop going too , which is a huge program .	multitasking	neutral
The computer is great at multitasking - I am often running MS Word , PowerPoint , and internet at the same time , and sometimes have Adobe Photoshop going too , which is a huge program .	MS Word	neutral
The computer is great at multitasking - I am often running MS Word , PowerPoint , and internet at the same time , and sometimes have Adobe Photoshop going too , which is a huge program .	PowerPoint	neutral
The computer is great at multitasking - I am often running MS Word , PowerPoint , and internet at the same time , and sometimes have Adobe Photoshop going too , which is a huge program .	internet	neutral
The computer is great at multitasking - I am often running MS Word , PowerPoint , and internet at the same time , and sometimes have Adobe Photoshop going too , which is a huge program .	Adobe Photoshop	neutral
The computer is great at multitasking - I am often running MS Word , PowerPoint , and internet at the same time , and sometimes have Adobe Photoshop going too , which is a huge program .	program	neutral
I especially like the metal hardware ( with a brushed aluminum finish ) for the shoulder strap catches on the bag and on the strap .	metal hardware	neutral
I especially like the metal hardware ( with a brushed aluminum finish ) for the shoulder strap catches on the bag and on the strap .	shoulder strap	neutral
I especially like the metal hardware ( with a brushed aluminum finish ) for the shoulder strap catches on the bag and on the strap .	strap	neutral
Orico eSATA :	eSATA	neutral
I love how small and portable this is and the keyboard is pretty roomy for an 11 . 6 inch laptop .	keyboard	neutral
But the detailing is great , and it looks great .	detailing	neutral
This is a great little cable , although it is pretty thin .	cable	neutral
My compact disk drive , my camera remote , mp3 player with ear buds , sewing kit -	disk drive	neutral
My compact disk drive , my camera remote , mp3 player with ear buds , sewing kit -	mp3 player	neutral
This product is so good and the price so low that I feel guilty for buying it , like I stole it ! :-) .	price	neutral
The Plexiglass support also allows me to shift the placement of the computer so that I do not need to cramp my wrists to one side .	Plexiglass support	neutral
Kirabook has a 15 % longer battery life than Samsung Ativbook and Asus zenbookOverall , I like kirabook better due to its stronger performance and longer battery life and nicer screen .	battery life	neutral
Kirabook has a 15 % longer battery life than Samsung Ativbook and Asus zenbookOverall , I like kirabook better due to its stronger performance and longer battery life and nicer screen .	performance	neutral
Kirabook has a 15 % longer battery life than Samsung Ativbook and Asus zenbookOverall , I like kirabook better due to its stronger performance and longer battery life and nicer screen .	battery life	neutral
Kirabook has a 15 % longer battery life than Samsung Ativbook and Asus zenbookOverall , I like kirabook better due to its stronger performance and longer battery life and nicer screen .	screen	neutral
You cannnot just type , but have to look at screen , to be ready to backspace .	screen	neutral
This in combination with a proper re - paste of the thermal paste around the GPU&CPU ; was the perfect option for my laptop .	thermal paste	neutral
This in combination with a proper re - paste of the thermal paste around the GPU&CPU ; was the perfect option for my laptop .	GPU&CPU	neutral
It works just fine , no real problems touch typing .	works	neutral
DO NOT OPEN THE SCREEN FROM THE CORNERS .	SCREEN	neutral
With what Lenovo sent me I am supposed to do a system backup and then use the restore discs and then restore the applications and data from the backup .	system backup	neutral
With what Lenovo sent me I am supposed to do a system backup and then use the restore discs and then restore the applications and data from the backup .	restore discs	neutral
With what Lenovo sent me I am supposed to do a system backup and then use the restore discs and then restore the applications and data from the backup .	applications	neutral
His picture quality did not resemble mine , his may have been due to exposure to moisture after the seal was broken as a result of the screw coming loose .	picture quality	neutral
His picture quality did not resemble mine , his may have been due to exposure to moisture after the seal was broken as a result of the screw coming loose .	seal	neutral
His picture quality did not resemble mine , his may have been due to exposure to moisture after the seal was broken as a result of the screw coming loose .	screw	neutral
You just need a sound card with decent gain on the mic and slide the mic volume up .	sound card	neutral
You just need a sound card with decent gain on the mic and slide the mic volume up .	mic	neutral
You just need a sound card with decent gain on the mic and slide the mic volume up .	mic volume	neutral
I highly recommend this card reader !	card reader	neutral
so no performance issues whatsoever ( as other reviewers have experienced ) .	performance	neutral
The connection is very tight not like the original .	connection	neutral
These are hard to find in retail , so if you have a machine that uses this kind of power supply , spend the $ 26 and get a spare before it is too late .	power supply	neutral
easy to apply , great product for the price , packaged with the keyboard cover .	apply	neutral
easy to apply , great product for the price , packaged with the keyboard cover .	price	neutral
easy to apply , great product for the price , packaged with the keyboard cover .	keyboard cover	neutral
I have an older Mac G4 Powerbook , and I have had some trouble running newer devices from the USB ports due to the age of my computer .	USB ports	neutral
I actually use mine as completely portable speakers as well , running them off several battery packs ( i have a velcro strip on the back of the powered speaker to attach a rechargeable battery back with a jack adapter to the power input ) .	battery packs	neutral
I actually use mine as completely portable speakers as well , running them off several battery packs ( i have a velcro strip on the back of the powered speaker to attach a rechargeable battery back with a jack adapter to the power input ) .	jack adapter	neutral
I actually use mine as completely portable speakers as well , running them off several battery packs ( i have a velcro strip on the back of the powered speaker to attach a rechargeable battery back with a jack adapter to the power input ) .	power input	neutral
I was n't expecting Bose quality , so I was n't disappointed in that respect .	Bose quality	neutral
While the 560 M is not as good as the 570 M that the MSI sported , the much cooler temps , the quiet , and the most important thing - the lack of hardware faults , all make up for the slightly inferior graphics card .	temps	neutral
While the 560 M is not as good as the 570 M that the MSI sported , the much cooler temps , the quiet , and the most important thing - the lack of hardware faults , all make up for the slightly inferior graphics card .	hardware	neutral
While the 560 M is not as good as the 570 M that the MSI sported , the much cooler temps , the quiet , and the most important thing - the lack of hardware faults , all make up for the slightly inferior graphics card .	graphics card	neutral
the glowing apple is not as revealed as shown in the pictures because the case remains the solid color causing the glow to not be white and as bright .	case	neutral
the glowing apple is not as revealed as shown in the pictures because the case remains the solid color causing the glow to not be white and as bright .	color	neutral
easy to use , easy to lock and unlock .	use	neutral
easy to use , easy to lock and unlock .	lock	neutral
I have reinstalled windows 8 on an inspirion 1501 for others to know .	windows 8	neutral
The actual wire feels " gummy " and delicate compared to another micro OTG cable I bought on Amazon for $ 2 . 76 .	wire	neutral
I should note that it is bulky which does seem to add noticeable weight to devices I use while they 're charging .	charging	neutral
I guess for someone who wants to watch a program while waiting for a raid to get going , this is very useful , but the small screen ( for me at least ) is n't conducive to movie / TV - watching .	screen	neutral
One major drawback is the USB plug that powers it .	USB plug	neutral
Did n't work for me , laptop would n't boot , do n't know if ram was bad or just my laptop did n't like them , so I had to return them .	boot	neutral
Did n't work for me , laptop would n't boot , do n't know if ram was bad or just my laptop did n't like them , so I had to return them .	ram	neutral
None of these pockets are padded either.- With the bag that holds this much , you need a really good shoulder strap .	pockets	neutral
None of these pockets are padded either.- With the bag that holds this much , you need a really good shoulder strap .	shoulder strap	neutral
This battery fits and works as well as the more expensive battery offered by the computer maker .	battery	neutral
This battery fits and works as well as the more expensive battery offered by the computer maker .	battery	neutral
The same goes for gaming and other high - processor useage apps .	gaming	neutral
The same goes for gaming and other high - processor useage apps .	high - processor useage apps	neutral
A good size PC	size	neutral
Your main usage is web surfing and documenting , I recommend you to get a Macbook Air .	web surfing	neutral
Your main usage is web surfing and documenting , I recommend you to get a Macbook Air .	documenting	neutral
Works great , light and durable .	Works	neutral
If I hit the volume button up or down , a loud beep occurs .	volume button	neutral
My tests using a standard 16 GB Sandisk SD card were very impressive as well .	16 GB Sandisk SD card	neutral
The sound quality is alright , but they will get you by in a pinch .	sound quality	neutral
You can read about all the details of this touchpad in the product description .	touchpad	neutral
I proceeded to install the VPN software .	VPN software	neutral
For me this pen has been a life saver .	pen	neutral
It never needs removed but can be if you so desire and stored in the bottom beside the batteries .	batteries	neutral
The pen itself feels a little different .	pen	neutral
It 's a small price to pay for performance of this quality .	price	neutral
It 's a small price to pay for performance of this quality .	performance	neutral
THE FIRST CASE	CASE	neutral
I 've tried up to a 32 GB card and it reads the tracks immediately .	32 GB card	neutral
No , it 's not " skin tight " in the back near the hinge , but it 's very close , you ca n't notice it unless you 're really looking for it , and it does n't pose any practical complications .	hinge	neutral
The good : i5 M430 processor .	i5 M430 processor	neutral
Hold a charge well .	charge	neutral
A hunt around Targus 's website revealed the drivers , and then all was simple .	drivers	neutral
Three positionable fans with a variable speed control .	fans	neutral
Three positionable fans with a variable speed control .	speed control	neutral
All went well except during the removal of the case bottom I pulled the rubber loose on the edges and the nice fit and finish that Apple is famous for was no longer there .	case bottom	neutral
All went well except during the removal of the case bottom I pulled the rubber loose on the edges and the nice fit and finish that Apple is famous for was no longer there .	rubber	neutral
All went well except during the removal of the case bottom I pulled the rubber loose on the edges and the nice fit and finish that Apple is famous for was no longer there .	edges	neutral
All went well except during the removal of the case bottom I pulled the rubber loose on the edges and the nice fit and finish that Apple is famous for was no longer there .	finish	neutral
At this point , there was no way to continue using the iPod as the headphone jack was blocked .	headphone jack	neutral
And the price is wonderful !	price	neutral
An email to customer support went unanswered for 5 days .	customer support	neutral
Cons : Could use improvement in the connection department - sometimes can take up to 10 seconds and several tries to connect .	connection department	neutral
Can load youtubes , intensive flash webpage and runs DVD quality video w/o stuttering .	DVD	neutral
Windows 8 is just straight awful .	Windows 8	neutral
I have a HP Pavilion 6915nr and needed a new AC power adapter .	AC power adapter	neutral
I turned off the tablet to charge this time .	charge	neutral
The hardware met my expectations , but the installation software ( which I downloaded since the CDR was an older version ) was kind of buggy .	hardware	neutral
The hardware met my expectations , but the installation software ( which I downloaded since the CDR was an older version ) was kind of buggy .	installation software	neutral
The hardware met my expectations , but the installation software ( which I downloaded since the CDR was an older version ) was kind of buggy .	CDR	neutral
Anything I can get to work as well as this card does in Linux I will surely recommend .	card	neutral
Anything I can get to work as well as this card does in Linux I will surely recommend .	Linux	neutral
Frankly , I was not expecting much from the speaker in terms of sound as I have always settled for & # 34;tinny&#34 ; sound from past travel speakers just figuring that 's the way it was unless I was willing to spend over $ 50 .	speaker	neutral
Frankly , I was not expecting much from the speaker in terms of sound as I have always settled for & # 34;tinny&#34 ; sound from past travel speakers just figuring that 's the way it was unless I was willing to spend over $ 50 .	sound	neutral
Frankly , I was not expecting much from the speaker in terms of sound as I have always settled for & # 34;tinny&#34 ; sound from past travel speakers just figuring that 's the way it was unless I was willing to spend over $ 50 .	sound	neutral
I heeded to replace the battery on an older ( 2006 )	battery	neutral
Oh , not to forget , this little number comes with a stylus ( it is not capacitive ) .	stylus	neutral
and I 'll look for a good bluetooth headset for my phone - more expensive , and I love the headset on my computer , but this does n't work at all .	bluetooth headset	neutral
I am not a professional , although I do dabble in photography but my passion is computers , I just love them whether it 's the newest technology , design , ease - of - use or whatever else you can think of	design	neutral
I am not a professional , although I do dabble in photography but my passion is computers , I just love them whether it 's the newest technology , design , ease - of - use or whatever else you can think of	use	neutral
Typing is always faster -- and more accurate .	Typing	neutral
I have plugged my keyboard and mouse to it , and I used double - sided tape to hold the hub in one place .	keyboard	neutral
I have plugged my keyboard and mouse to it , and I used double - sided tape to hold the hub in one place .	mouse	neutral
I have plugged my keyboard and mouse to it , and I used double - sided tape to hold the hub in one place .	hub	neutral
I believe many people are willing to buy the G750JX without the SSD since everyone can purchase an SSD with cheaper price and higher speed .	SSD	neutral
I believe many people are willing to buy the G750JX without the SSD since everyone can purchase an SSD with cheaper price and higher speed .	SSD	neutral
I believe many people are willing to buy the G750JX without the SSD since everyone can purchase an SSD with cheaper price and higher speed .	price	neutral
I believe many people are willing to buy the G750JX without the SSD since everyone can purchase an SSD with cheaper price and higher speed .	speed	neutral
For this price it is a great supplement for various uses for any computer user , and I totally recommend it for everyday use .	price	neutral
It has 4 USB ports , along with the others advertised .	USB ports	neutral
I needed it for my Lenovo Ultra - laptop computer , which is so ultra that it does n't have a VGA connection ( only an HDMI connection ) .	VGA connection	neutral
I needed it for my Lenovo Ultra - laptop computer , which is so ultra that it does n't have a VGA connection ( only an HDMI connection ) .	HDMI connection	neutral
Lithium batteries last longest when they are kept at about 50 % charge and kept cool .	Lithium batteries	neutral
Lithium batteries last longest when they are kept at about 50 % charge and kept cool .	charge	neutral
, it goes pretty loud before sound gets distorted and it packs some nice bass for its size .	sound	neutral
, it goes pretty loud before sound gets distorted and it packs some nice bass for its size .	bass	neutral
, it goes pretty loud before sound gets distorted and it packs some nice bass for its size .	size	neutral
and I can start loading additional software .	software	neutral
If you 're looking to purchase a cooling pad I strongly suggest that you first analyze where your air intake , CPU , and GPU are and purchase one with fan ( s ) in subsequent areas .	cooling pad	neutral
If you 're looking to purchase a cooling pad I strongly suggest that you first analyze where your air intake , CPU , and GPU are and purchase one with fan ( s ) in subsequent areas .	CPU	neutral
If you 're looking to purchase a cooling pad I strongly suggest that you first analyze where your air intake , CPU , and GPU are and purchase one with fan ( s ) in subsequent areas .	GPU	neutral
If you 're looking to purchase a cooling pad I strongly suggest that you first analyze where your air intake , CPU , and GPU are and purchase one with fan ( s ) in subsequent areas .	fan (	neutral
Definitely worth buying for a minimal , compact USB 3 . 0 hub .	USB 3 . 0 hub	neutral
Worked great for my application as - is , some people may need the adapter to actually bolt onto the card .	adapter	neutral
Worked great for my application as - is , some people may need the adapter to actually bolt onto the card .	card	neutral
OK for a fan if needed for a notebook computer .	fan	neutral
Seems like a decent product at a great price .	price	neutral
The games that I think utilize surround sound well for example are Condemned , F. E. A. R , Quake 4 , Doom 3 , and Wolfenstein ( all used for my test / review ) - all shooters , I know but pinpoint sound is really a godsend !	games	neutral
The games that I think utilize surround sound well for example are Condemned , F. E. A. R , Quake 4 , Doom 3 , and Wolfenstein ( all used for my test / review ) - all shooters , I know but pinpoint sound is really a godsend !	surround sound	neutral
Next , another slightly smaller zip compartment with a netted zipped pouch and several small sections that would hold a music player or phone securely .	zip compartment	neutral
Next , another slightly smaller zip compartment with a netted zipped pouch and several small sections that would hold a music player or phone securely .	zipped pouch	neutral
1/4 " rather than just 1/8".The integrated carry handle is opposite of the front flap zipper .	integrated carry handle	neutral
1/4 " rather than just 1/8".The integrated carry handle is opposite of the front flap zipper .	front flap zipper	neutral
I needed a microphone for the software that I bought on learning Spanish .	microphone	neutral
I needed a microphone for the software that I bought on learning Spanish .	software	neutral
It was capable of light work , and gaming .	work	neutral
It was capable of light work , and gaming .	gaming	neutral
The case is durable and attractive .	case	neutral
The laptop recognized the battery and proceeded to charge it upon installation .	battery	neutral
Having the HDMI is just a great plus , it means that you can directly connect it into your HDTV and have a super big monitor at your disposal , imagine the possibilities !	HDMI	neutral
Having the HDMI is just a great plus , it means that you can directly connect it into your HDTV and have a super big monitor at your disposal , imagine the possibilities !	monitor	neutral
Simple to use , updates itself , perfect for almost everything .	use	neutral
Replaced a keyboard on a laptop that had multiple missing keys .	keyboard	neutral
Replaced a keyboard on a laptop that had multiple missing keys .	keys	neutral
OKChanging your settings like the above	settings	neutral
I used the slide tabs , instead of using the sticky parts to put it physically on the screen .	slide tabs	neutral
I used the slide tabs , instead of using the sticky parts to put it physically on the screen .	screen	neutral
just wish they came with a came with a carrying case or bag .	carrying case	neutral
It could use a few tweaks to the USB 3 hub hardware	USB 3 hub hardware	neutral
Sometimes my mouse is n't recognized and then the speed ( especially of the scroll wheel ) is weird and flaky .	mouse	neutral
Sometimes my mouse is n't recognized and then the speed ( especially of the scroll wheel ) is weird and flaky .	speed	neutral
Sometimes my mouse is n't recognized and then the speed ( especially of the scroll wheel ) is weird and flaky .	scroll wheel	neutral
and I had no problems setting up my wireless network .	wireless network	neutral
I have a previous usb version ( DSP-400 ) from about 2 years ago that is starting to show its age .	usb	neutral
2 Quad - Core ,	Quad - Core	neutral
The build of this laptop is n't as professional looking as a dell , but the quality is similar .	build	neutral
The build of this laptop is n't as professional looking as a dell , but the quality is similar .	quality	neutral
Ordered this for my Asus G73Jw , works well , cords a bit short	works	neutral
Ordered this for my Asus G73Jw , works well , cords a bit short	cords	neutral
I 'm not sure why Mediabridge is selling this as a charging - only cable since it does n't work to Fast - Charge Android devices if the wall charger does n't have the data pins shorted .	charging - only cable	neutral
I 'm not sure why Mediabridge is selling this as a charging - only cable since it does n't work to Fast - Charge Android devices if the wall charger does n't have the data pins shorted .	wall charger	neutral
I 'm not sure why Mediabridge is selling this as a charging - only cable since it does n't work to Fast - Charge Android devices if the wall charger does n't have the data pins shorted .	data pins	neutral
Naturally , I have other capacity cards , but having one larger capacity card makes it real easy to swap or share files between them all .	capacity cards	neutral
Naturally , I have other capacity cards , but having one larger capacity card makes it real easy to swap or share files between them all .	capacity card	neutral
At the price , and I have tested those 300 and 400 dollar units with the fancy	price	neutral
Note that their ratings are higher than other brand cables , fewer " cable did n't work for me " reviews .	cable	neutral
Sharkk provided my with this keyboard for free to test and provide a non - biased .	keyboard	neutral
Another problem is the fact that the camera needs to remain plugged into a power source while transferring .	camera	neutral
Another problem is the fact that the camera needs to remain plugged into a power source while transferring .	power source	neutral
The experience with our second , identical Macbook , is why I have to give 3 stars instead of 5 for an otherwise strong performance product , that can run both Windows and Mac , that comes bundled with a lot of great software , and that looks really cool ( especially on a college campus where almost everyone has Macs!)A	performance	neutral
The experience with our second , identical Macbook , is why I have to give 3 stars instead of 5 for an otherwise strong performance product , that can run both Windows and Mac , that comes bundled with a lot of great software , and that looks really cool ( especially on a college campus where almost everyone has Macs!)A	software	neutral
I later found out that for fast reliable connection , I really want to extend 5 g instead of 2 g .	connection	neutral
It drove me nuts for a bit when I could n't see the Boombox ( it shows " headset " ) in the playback window , but could in the record window .	playback window	neutral
One star down from perfect because of the stiff keyboard and screen issues , and the truly TERRIBLE Asus website , but really quite an amazing value .	keyboard	neutral
One star down from perfect because of the stiff keyboard and screen issues , and the truly TERRIBLE Asus website , but really quite an amazing value .	screen	neutral
The laptop does ( expected ) get fairly warm when running hardware - intensive programs ( CS5 , for example ) , so consider a nice cooling fan unit with this purchase .	hardware -	neutral
The laptop does ( expected ) get fairly warm when running hardware - intensive programs ( CS5 , for example ) , so consider a nice cooling fan unit with this purchase .	programs	neutral
The laptop does ( expected ) get fairly warm when running hardware - intensive programs ( CS5 , for example ) , so consider a nice cooling fan unit with this purchase .	cooling fan unit	neutral
If you need a webcam , this is a webcam .	webcam	neutral
If you need a webcam , this is a webcam .	webcam	neutral
The only drawback to this netbook is the sound quality ; I think it could be better , and would have made it perfect , deserving a 5-star .	sound quality	neutral
The power cable had no & # 34;brick&#34 ; and was easy to plug in .	power cable	neutral
I bought this Lexar drive because another USB flash drive I bought , theLexar Jump Drive - TwistTurn 64	Lexar drive	neutral
I bought this Lexar drive because another USB flash drive I bought , theLexar Jump Drive - TwistTurn 64	USB flash drive	neutral
I bought this Lexar drive because another USB flash drive I bought , theLexar Jump Drive - TwistTurn 64	TwistTurn 64	neutral
but if you have kids that have busy fingers on tv 's and computer screens you may need to go with the simple microfiber cloth and lcd spray .	lcd spray	neutral
Watching movies one SD card on the matte - finish 11 . 5 & # 34 ; screen is better than expected for such a low priced laptop .	SD card	neutral
Watching movies one SD card on the matte - finish 11 . 5 & # 34 ; screen is better than expected for such a low priced laptop .	11 . 5	neutral
The battery is connected to the cover .	battery	neutral
The battery is connected to the cover .	cover	neutral
Accessory pockets don&#8217;t expand much on the outsideA water bottle pouch would be nice .	Accessory pockets	neutral
Accessory pockets don&#8217;t expand much on the outsideA water bottle pouch would be nice .	water bottle pouch	neutral
There is an adjustable padded strap , depending what size your laptop is .	padded strap	neutral
I manually turn off the windows service just to put it to sleep.-Remote access to the unit has not always been problem free .	windows service	neutral
Could probably fit a charger for the laptop in the bag without much effort as well ( given how thin the Z835 is ) , but have n't tried .	charger	neutral
unfortunately only the newest gear accepts OTG , mine did not	OTG	neutral
A " left click " is executed by pushing down on the pad : a loud click is heard to give you feedback .	left click	neutral
A " left click " is executed by pushing down on the pad : a loud click is heard to give you feedback .	pad	neutral
It does work fine at VGA resolutions , but the picture quality is too low .	VGA resolutions	neutral
It does work fine at VGA resolutions , but the picture quality is too low .	picture quality	neutral
Battery life was sufficient for me , but not stellar : maybe 3 - 4 hours .	Battery life	neutral
I upgraded to Windows 7 Home Premium and installed 2 GB of memory .	Windows 7 Home Premium	neutral
Also , I installed a small client from Dyn DNS client .	Dyn	neutral
My only tiny aggravation is that my laptop can and does slide sideways off the pad if I move around too much , but honestly , compared to other pads	pad	neutral
A simple and easy to use netbook .	use	neutral
The price was great .	price	neutral
Easy to use and very big sound for such a small product .	use	neutral
Easy to use and very big sound for such a small product .	sound	neutral
This bag has great compartments and i can fit my ipad .	compartments	neutral
This is a very good thumb - type keyboard .	thumb - type keyboard	neutral
Even though I am a technician , I belive this would be very easy for the average non - tech or technical saavy user .	technical	neutral
I only wish that there was a tad more padding for the MacBook Pro but	padding	neutral
Now I can have my KF horizontal or vertical because all I do is plug in the charger and audio port if I want the sound to come through the speaker or just charge to charge it .	charger	neutral
Now I can have my KF horizontal or vertical because all I do is plug in the charger and audio port if I want the sound to come through the speaker or just charge to charge it .	audio port	neutral
I contacted MicroSATA Cables and they promptly sent me an extender kitgratis .	extender kitgratis	neutral
You just ca n't beat this for the price , and if there is a re - design that fixes the stand issue for roughly the same price I paid for this one , I 'll definitely purchase it .	price	neutral
You just ca n't beat this for the price , and if there is a re - design that fixes the stand issue for roughly the same price I paid for this one , I 'll definitely purchase it .	stand	neutral
During the early days of LCD / plasma television , there was no internet connectivity / apps for watching things like Netflix , Hulu , etc .	internet connectivity	neutral
During the early days of LCD / plasma television , there was no internet connectivity / apps for watching things like Netflix , Hulu , etc .	apps	neutral
This was true for USB 2 flash drives , USB 2 external hard drives , and USB 2 cd / dvd rom drives .	USB 2 flash drives	neutral
This was true for USB 2 flash drives , USB 2 external hard drives , and USB 2 cd / dvd rom drives .	USB 2 external hard drives	neutral
This was true for USB 2 flash drives , USB 2 external hard drives , and USB 2 cd / dvd rom drives .	USB 2 cd / dvd rom drives	neutral
Some of it is a waste since it gets smooshed down when you tighten the clip	clip	neutral
It seems to have more intricacies than with OSX , but I 'm getting used to it and have to say the user interface is top notch .	OSX	neutral
It seems to have more intricacies than with OSX , but I 'm getting used to it and have to say the user interface is top notch .	user interface	neutral
Perfect with the D - dock .	D - dock	neutral
Unfortunately the materials feel so cheap - even for fake leather .	materials	neutral
This charger has protected my laptop from two power outages and it still runs perfect .	charger	neutral
This charger has protected my laptop from two power outages and it still runs perfect .	runs	neutral
i am going to give some of my friends with the same camera a extra lens cap with keeper leash for easter and keep the rest just in case .	lens cap	neutral
( The best bag I owned had an inner " suspension " system that absorbed shock with rubber straps.)Like many bags this one tends to tip over when I have my laptop alone in it .	suspension	neutral
Now the transcend 4 GB is only a class 6	transcend 4 GB	neutral
I contacted the vendor who replaced it immediately and it now provides 2 - 3 hours of life - as good as the original HP battery .	life	neutral
I contacted the vendor who replaced it immediately and it now provides 2 - 3 hours of life - as good as the original HP battery .	battery	neutral
In general the old ram was really expensive across the few brands that offered it considering it was for only 1 gb and slower legacy ram ( even for komputerbay ) , but their deal was better than everyone else 's	ram	neutral
In general the old ram was really expensive across the few brands that offered it considering it was for only 1 gb and slower legacy ram ( even for komputerbay ) , but their deal was better than everyone else 's	legacy ram	neutral
I generally find that if you turn up your MP3 player to about 3/4 to full volume , you will get crisp , powerful sound through your car stereo without distortion .	sound	neutral
and I tried to change the color profile , but it would nt go away .	color profile	neutral
Carrying handle in awkward position (	Carrying handle	neutral
that was really all I needed for the price .	price	neutral
SATA II 8 MB Cache OEM HD that came in the box .	SATA II	neutral
SATA II 8 MB Cache OEM HD that came in the box .	8 MB Cache	neutral
I find the keyboard comfortable , however .	keyboard	neutral
( Nabi coins are purchased by the parent 's credit card so the child can buy other apps as a reward , although with the latest software update , you can set the Nabi coins reward to zero , but this is still very poor )	apps	neutral
( Nabi coins are purchased by the parent 's credit card so the child can buy other apps as a reward , although with the latest software update , you can set the Nabi coins reward to zero , but this is still very poor )	software update	neutral
I feel the speaker system was a good value .	speaker system	neutral
There is an OPTIONAL cable to connect an iPod ( not currently being sold by BenQ in the US , you 'll have to go to Apple to hook up an i'AppleDevice ' ) ; there is an under - current of feeling that this should have been supplied as standard equipment considering the number of MP3/phone ... etc devices out there.- My own gripe , the AV connector is proprietary ( NOT Industry standard , the iPod cable looks like it should fit , but it does n't - do NOT try to force it ) .	AV connector	neutral
The footprint is only five inches by five inches and it 's 3 .	footprint	neutral
Love the color , fits very well , bottom piece is well vented and has no big openings to prevent scratches .	color	neutral
Love the color , fits very well , bottom piece is well vented and has no big openings to prevent scratches .	bottom piece	neutral
For sound this is the most amazing thing and it compares to my much more expensive home stero speakers .	sound	neutral
For sound this is the most amazing thing and it compares to my much more expensive home stero speakers .	speakers	neutral
That 's not to say this case is flimsy -- on the contrary .	case	neutral
Update : After a few weeks of use I noticed the tips are flimsy and will come off very easily	tips	neutral
The location of the bag is right over the velcro strap that holds your the laptop compartment closed , so you have to lift this little bag to get to your laptop every time unless you tuck the compartment and the strap behind your laptop and do not use it .	velcro strap	neutral
The location of the bag is right over the velcro strap that holds your the laptop compartment closed , so you have to lift this little bag to get to your laptop every time unless you tuck the compartment and the strap behind your laptop and do not use it .	strap	neutral
about 5 minute later my DVD player and my Apple TV would come back on then turn off .	DVD player	neutral
The company has no website to download drivers from .	drivers	neutral
The outer pocket hold the power adapter and even has a spot for a thumb drive .	power adapter	neutral
The outer pocket hold the power adapter and even has a spot for a thumb drive .	thumb drive	neutral
Especially like the waterproof cover built into the bottom of the bag that 's easily accessed in a sudden downpour , and the built - in sideways camera sleeve located near the back .	waterproof cover	neutral
Especially like the waterproof cover built into the bottom of the bag that 's easily accessed in a sudden downpour , and the built - in sideways camera sleeve located near the back .	built - in sideways camera sleeve	neutral
I bought this cord to attach my iPhone to the car Aux port .	cord	neutral
New to Vista	Vista	neutral
Copied the Windows 8 recovery partition to a 32 gb usb flash drive and then installed Linux Mint 17 Cinnamon 64 bit .	Windows 8 recovery partition	neutral
Copied the Windows 8 recovery partition to a 32 gb usb flash drive and then installed Linux Mint 17 Cinnamon 64 bit .	Linux Mint 17 Cinnamon 64 bit	neutral
The lid / screen should close flush .	lid /	neutral
The lid / screen should close flush .	screen	neutral
That gap is for sliding the handle of wheeled luggage through .	handle	neutral
I gave the LC speakers an extra star because of its independent satellite speakers which can be individually plugged / unplugged into the subwoofer .	LC speakers	neutral
I gave the LC speakers an extra star because of its independent satellite speakers which can be individually plugged / unplugged into the subwoofer .	speakers	neutral
I gave the LC speakers an extra star because of its independent satellite speakers which can be individually plugged / unplugged into the subwoofer .	subwoofer	neutral
Here is the odd part - The 9dBi antenna does not show any more bars then the standard antenna nor a Belkin WiFi 802 . 11n without an external antenna .	9dBi antenna	neutral
Here is the odd part - The 9dBi antenna does not show any more bars then the standard antenna nor a Belkin WiFi 802 . 11n without an external antenna .	external antenna	neutral
According to a few checks with an inclinometer , which can be less accurate because of friction between the axle and the hole surrounding it , the angle is a little less than 10 degrees .	axle	neutral
According to a few checks with an inclinometer , which can be less accurate because of friction between the axle and the hole surrounding it , the angle is a little less than 10 degrees .	angle	neutral
I have been using this AC adapter since August 2011 and I have n't seen any indication that this is a cheap product .	AC adapter	neutral
- I have had no problem using the MircoUSB with android phones , the Mini - USB with a 2 .	Mini - USB	neutral
There is not much you can ask from a power supply , except for it to work as expected .	power supply	neutral
Nice idea , but it is about 3&#34 ; in length ... not really long enough to be useful.=== Summary =	length	neutral
I no longer have any qualms about batteries or chargers .	batteries	neutral
I no longer have any qualms about batteries or chargers .	chargers	neutral
I wish it had some sort of design to allow easier carry , though .	design	neutral
This bag is well constructed , roomy enough for me ( really , this is such a personal decision for us road warriors , I know ) , and I can buy 7 of these for the price of a TUMI .	price	neutral
It requires disassembling a substantial amount of the keyboard section to get at the underside of the circuit board so that the cable can be plugged in .	keyboard section	neutral
It requires disassembling a substantial amount of the keyboard section to get at the underside of the circuit board so that the cable can be plugged in .	circuit board	neutral
It requires disassembling a substantial amount of the keyboard section to get at the underside of the circuit board so that the cable can be plugged in .	cable	neutral
I know its dumb but one cable is 2 inches longer and drives me crazy .	cable	neutral
Right then I saw the Bluetooth mouse on my PC - pairing successful .	Bluetooth mouse	neutral
it a 3 or 4 , video quality is not so good same rate	video quality	neutral
No stability issues or compatibility issues - it just works !	stability	neutral
No stability issues or compatibility issues - it just works !	compatibility	neutral
Gaming is nice at max settings .	Gaming	neutral
Would have given a 5 except the mouse wheel sometimes does not respond and scrolls the other way at times .	mouse wheel	neutral
I am an Senior IT person in charge of Windows and VMWare at a large world wide company , so I needed some power ( and I need power for some video and audio editing )	Windows	neutral
I am an Senior IT person in charge of Windows and VMWare at a large world wide company , so I needed some power ( and I need power for some video and audio editing )	audio editing	neutral
Amazon wo n't update the listing on this item , but the " Microphone Jack " is a joke at best .	Microphone Jack	neutral
It feels nice to carry around either by the handle or the strap .	handle	neutral
It feels nice to carry around either by the handle or the strap .	strap	neutral
Vista , however is different story .	Vista	neutral
I tried sliding it in from the back to the front , hoping the 2 side clips would just fit , but no avail .	side clips	neutral
Its got tons of storage and pkts to store things galore ..	storage	neutral
The tip that fits most cell phones is burned out after just a single use .	tip	neutral
well with this eye piece you can cut down on the light that enters the camera through the view finder and yet still be comfortable taking photos .	eye piece	neutral
I had to do a clean install of Win 7	Win 7	neutral
I bought the mint color it looks horrible and the cover does wipe clean .	cover	neutral
The Air has a plainly superior but slightly smaller ( 1 " smaller on the horizontal ) screen and battery life is better but since the Ar has a solid state ( and half the size ) hard drive this is not surprising .	screen	neutral
The Air has a plainly superior but slightly smaller ( 1 " smaller on the horizontal ) screen and battery life is better but since the Ar has a solid state ( and half the size ) hard drive this is not surprising .	battery life	neutral
it seems , I had to download McAfee removal tool .	McAfee removal tool	neutral
This is such a cute cover !	cover	neutral
I shut off the touchpad which I found awkward to use and added a wireless mouse .	touchpad	neutral
I shut off the touchpad which I found awkward to use and added a wireless mouse .	wireless mouse	neutral
Sometime after this , the hard drive become corrupted and needed to be reformatted .	hard drive	neutral
I hope Mozilla Firefox comes out with their Metro version soon !	Mozilla Firefox	neutral
The screen is nice and I have grown to appreciate the matte finish .	screen	neutral
The shoulder clips are sturdy , and although the strap is n't padded , it 's wide and thick .	shoulder clips	neutral
The shoulder clips are sturdy , and although the strap is n't padded , it 's wide and thick .	strap	neutral
Pros : Affordable price , lengthy cable , very compatible with softwareCons ( not GPS - specific )	price	neutral
Pros : Affordable price , lengthy cable , very compatible with softwareCons ( not GPS - specific )	cable	neutral
Pros : Affordable price , lengthy cable , very compatible with softwareCons ( not GPS - specific )	softwareCons	neutral
Pros : Affordable price , lengthy cable , very compatible with softwareCons ( not GPS - specific )	GPS	neutral
Despite all these programs , my computer did not contain the trial for Microsoft Office as stated .	programs	neutral
Despite all these programs , my computer did not contain the trial for Microsoft Office as stated .	trial for Microsoft Office	neutral
Skyrim works on high quality but you need to tone down antialias / anisotropic Sample rates .	Skyrim	neutral
I have a box under my desk full of Logitech products that no longer power up after inserting a known good and new AA battery .	AA battery	neutral
The 14 . 1 inch case is really a 13 . 3 inch case , so it just barely holds my laptop .	14 . 1 inch case	neutral
If you have a 32 bit operating system it does no good to add more than 4 GB of RAM .	32 bit	neutral
If you have a 32 bit operating system it does no good to add more than 4 GB of RAM .	operating system	neutral
If you have a 32 bit operating system it does no good to add more than 4 GB of RAM .	4 GB of RAM	neutral
Works perfectly !	Works	neutral
Well I bought this version based on the other reviews about the speed etc .	speed	neutral
Though I was expecting this to do alot more since it had a higher rating than my original dell battery .	battery	neutral
My sister has this for her macbook and it works great .	works	neutral
Small partitions at the end end ( which hold a copy of Win XP for restore purposes ) are annoyingly positioned and one too many in case you want to dual boot with Linux .	Win XP	neutral
Small partitions at the end end ( which hold a copy of Win XP for restore purposes ) are annoyingly positioned and one too many in case you want to dual boot with Linux .	Linux	neutral
issuesCD drive is a bit noisy , but who really cares ?	drive	neutral
External audio input jack does not work with normal headsets .	External audio input jack	neutral
The Z3740 is pretty even with the Pentium in multi - threaded workloads , through the slower single - threaded performance will be more evident with slower app / program launches , etc .	Pentium in multi - threaded workloads	neutral
The Z3740 is pretty even with the Pentium in multi - threaded workloads , through the slower single - threaded performance will be more evident with slower app / program launches , etc .	single - threaded performance	neutral
The Z3740 is pretty even with the Pentium in multi - threaded workloads , through the slower single - threaded performance will be more evident with slower app / program launches , etc .	app / program launches	neutral
These refresh rates help to cut down the noise you get around the edges of moving objects .	refresh rates	neutral
The form factor and SSD drive makes it pleasant to use .	form factor	neutral
The form factor and SSD drive makes it pleasant to use .	SSD drive	neutral
The form factor and SSD drive makes it pleasant to use .	use	neutral
A hot glue gun and a few minutes later and the keyboard not seats in there perfectlly and is nt going no where ...	keyboard	neutral
Even if the fans were n't making noise , I could n't this purchase .	fans	neutral
Looks and feels like high quality , and even comes with warranty .	warranty	neutral
I plugged in the Toshiba 's USB 3 cable and copied a 1 GB file to the drive .	USB 3 cable	neutral
and here are my results while using Honeycomb OS .	Honeycomb OS	neutral
No connectivity means it 's just a brickI have to say , compared to my inexpensive netbook , this thing feels like a real waste of money ; yes you do get some bundled services from Google , but $ 350 is still way too much to be asking for this level of hardware .	connectivity	neutral
No connectivity means it 's just a brickI have to say , compared to my inexpensive netbook , this thing feels like a real waste of money ; yes you do get some bundled services from Google , but $ 350 is still way too much to be asking for this level of hardware .	bundled services	neutral
No connectivity means it 's just a brickI have to say , compared to my inexpensive netbook , this thing feels like a real waste of money ; yes you do get some bundled services from Google , but $ 350 is still way too much to be asking for this level of hardware .	hardware	neutral
This item was advertised to be Ready Boost compatible .	Ready Boost	neutral
It 's got memory card compartment on the inside of the flap off the camera gear compartment .	memory card compartment	neutral
It 's got memory card compartment on the inside of the flap off the camera gear compartment .	camera gear compartment	neutral
One thing to note is that this has a feature to turn it either horizontal or vertical while plugged in .	feature	neutral
Also , in spectacular fashion , it fulfills a promise that was made in 2012 , when Intel promised that Ultrabooks would provide us with lighter , faster , cooler - running notebooks with longer battery life .	battery life	neutral
The 2013 Macbook Pro Retina 13 " is a significant performance improvement ( battery and graphics ) over the 2012 version .	performance	neutral
The 2013 Macbook Pro Retina 13 " is a significant performance improvement ( battery and graphics ) over the 2012 version .	battery	neutral
The 2013 Macbook Pro Retina 13 " is a significant performance improvement ( battery and graphics ) over the 2012 version .	graphics	neutral
i7 740QM , 8 GB Ram SATA II	8 GB Ram	neutral
i7 740QM , 8 GB Ram SATA II	SATA II	neutral
I 've gotten a consistent 4 hours battery life doing web browsing and word processing on wifi with brightness at 50 % and keyboard backlight on .	battery life	neutral
I 've gotten a consistent 4 hours battery life doing web browsing and word processing on wifi with brightness at 50 % and keyboard backlight on .	web browsing	neutral
I 've gotten a consistent 4 hours battery life doing web browsing and word processing on wifi with brightness at 50 % and keyboard backlight on .	word processing	neutral
I 've gotten a consistent 4 hours battery life doing web browsing and word processing on wifi with brightness at 50 % and keyboard backlight on .	brightness	neutral
I 've gotten a consistent 4 hours battery life doing web browsing and word processing on wifi with brightness at 50 % and keyboard backlight on .	keyboard	neutral
I traced my problem to these cables .	cables	neutral
This switch is simple , well made , and relatively easy to install .	switch	neutral
That Friday , a friendly driver showed up , unloaded the TV , and brought it right into my place .	driver	neutral
Note that I have 2 drives striped in raid-0 .	drives	neutral
I 'm also loving the audio - out jack .	audio - out jack	neutral
I heard battery life not the greatest , but I 'm usually plugged in .	battery life	neutral
In other words , business users ca n't go wrong with this , even if it 's portrayed as an " entertainment " notebook ; just get Vista Ultimate	Vista Ultimate	neutral
So , get it , you ca n't beat the price !	price	neutral
It 's hard to be enthusiastic about a power supply .	power supply	neutral
The biggest selling point for these is the sound isolation ( better then the E2C 's also ) .	sound isolation	neutral
Just a note , you do n't have to take off any screws to remove this keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
That 's to say you actual feel and hear the " click " of the keypress , without the key registering .	keypress	neutral
That 's to say you actual feel and hear the " click " of the keypress , without the key registering .	key	neutral
The frequency range they give of 100hz-20khz is over a rather meaningless wide range of sound level .	frequency range	neutral
The frequency range they give of 100hz-20khz is over a rather meaningless wide range of sound level .	sound level	neutral
I went to the online help provided by Samsung to report both the wireless problem and the problem with the cord .	online help	neutral
I went to the online help provided by Samsung to report both the wireless problem and the problem with the cord .	wireless	neutral
I went to the online help provided by Samsung to report both the wireless problem and the problem with the cord .	cord	neutral
The materials of the bag is of high quality .	materials	neutral
It does appear , however , that the Sansa Clip charges faster if it is turned on while it is connected to this power supply .	Sansa Clip	neutral
It does appear , however , that the Sansa Clip charges faster if it is turned on while it is connected to this power supply .	charges	neutral
It does appear , however , that the Sansa Clip charges faster if it is turned on while it is connected to this power supply .	power supply	neutral
it adds a very nice balance to the 5R especially if you have gotten the longer antenna they balance each other very well .	antenna	neutral
I noticed the Fat32 instructions and tried that and the update ran perfectly .	Fat32 instructions	neutral
The texture is perfect , it feels great , but is n't so " rubbery " that it attracts and holds on to lint , which is definitely a plus .	texture	neutral
I did NOT buy the 8 GB chip .	8 GB chip	neutral
It fits perfectly around the whole computer but where you open the laptop , it seems as if the top piece was cut too short and	top piece	neutral
It finally gave way once Photoshop was opened and I started to play around with it .	Photoshop	neutral
The only thing I wish is that the neck would either be a little stronger or that it would include a clip to fix it to the top of the screen .	neck	neutral
The only thing I wish is that the neck would either be a little stronger or that it would include a clip to fix it to the top of the screen .	clip	neutral
The only thing I wish is that the neck would either be a little stronger or that it would include a clip to fix it to the top of the screen .	screen	neutral
Small , well made , works perfectly without even having to install a driver .	works	neutral
Small , well made , works perfectly without even having to install a driver .	driver	neutral
The Metro tiles and all that ?	Metro tiles	neutral
This would not be possible if there were not customer - centric companies like Amazon out there who are in many ways more concerned with providing a rewarding shopping experience to the consumer than fattening their bottom line .	customer	neutral
I think the manufacturer should look into using stronger material thatdoesn't come apart from the zipper 's seam .	material	neutral
I think the manufacturer should look into using stronger material thatdoesn't come apart from the zipper 's seam .	zipper	neutral
I think the manufacturer should look into using stronger material thatdoesn't come apart from the zipper 's seam .	seam	neutral
, ( 126MB / s non - cached ) 500 GB Wester Digital SATA - avg of about 494 MB / s	500	neutral
every time I think of how nice it would be if they were silent , I simply touch the laptop and am reminded that the gentle whirring of the fans is a small price to pay for the lower temps of the laptop .	fans	neutral
every time I think of how nice it would be if they were silent , I simply touch the laptop and am reminded that the gentle whirring of the fans is a small price to pay for the lower temps of the laptop .	temps	neutral
Although I never before saw the need for a wireless mouse , after buying a new 17 " PowerBook I decided it would be nice not to have to deal with cables .	wireless mouse	neutral
Although I never before saw the need for a wireless mouse , after buying a new 17 " PowerBook I decided it would be nice not to have to deal with cables .	cables	neutral
the first cover I 've had that really stands out .	cover	neutral
Battery life is terrible .	Battery life	neutral
My only real complaint is the little storage pockets are all elastic mesh and not zippered .	storage pockets	neutral
$ 20 bucks and not any louder than my laptop 's fan .	fan	neutral
Good deal for the price .	price	neutral
Get a 15 " and a cinema display .	15 "	neutral
This 3 in 1 adapter is as sturdy as any other adapter you 'd buy in a box store .	3 in 1 adapter	neutral
I have not used half of the features that are available with the TV ... have not hooked up to any other source but the stereo .	features	neutral
Like many others we settled for this 37 " TV because of the fixed size of a expensive TV cabinet .	size	neutral
I have 128 GB storage .	128 GB storage	neutral
I purchased two of these , one to replace the existing Intel WiFi 1000 adapter in my 2010 model ASUS laptop , and the other to use in a desktop machine .	Intel WiFi 1000 adapter	neutral
Knew it would be iffy , but for $ 20 bucks thought it would be a fun challenge .Microtek CD Drivers , and Ralink Mac drivers will only paritally work on Mac OS Mountain Lion .	Ralink Mac drivers	neutral
Alienware has far better cooling than the Samsung , with practically the entire back half of the bottom being vents .	cooling	neutral
Alienware has far better cooling than the Samsung , with practically the entire back half of the bottom being vents .	bottom	neutral
I bought this because my laptop 's Ethernet died and the WiFi connection was too unstable and slow doing big file transfers .	Ethernet	neutral
I bought this because my laptop 's Ethernet died and the WiFi connection was too unstable and slow doing big file transfers .	WiFi connection	neutral
I know it was n't the hard drive as I removed it and ran it in one of those external hard drive bays that one just inserts the exposed had drive into .	hard drive	neutral
I know it was n't the hard drive as I removed it and ran it in one of those external hard drive bays that one just inserts the exposed had drive into .	external hard drive bays	neutral
I know it was n't the hard drive as I removed it and ran it in one of those external hard drive bays that one just inserts the exposed had drive into .	had drive	neutral
the power and volume buttons on the nexus 7 end up in awkward to reach positions when the tablet is mounted ( no matter how you mount it).2 .	power	neutral
the power and volume buttons on the nexus 7 end up in awkward to reach positions when the tablet is mounted ( no matter how you mount it).2 .	volume buttons	neutral
The pack is also roomy enough for power cables , mice , pens and a couple of books .	power cables	neutral
The pack is also roomy enough for power cables , mice , pens and a couple of books .	mice	neutral
ups/ EtcAnother tip is to make a recovery image .	recovery image	neutral
Academic version came with useful bundled online shop subscription , now you can create art and sell them in your own online shop !	online shop	neutral
( the device installed within the enclosure ) WAS	enclosure	neutral
If there comes a time when better audio quality is desired , it 's easy enough to purchase some high quality separates .	audio quality	neutral
Definitely adequate as a replacement and at a much better price .	price	neutral
Bad reception for all radios : Wi - Fi , Bluetooth , GPS .	reception	neutral
Bad reception for all radios : Wi - Fi , Bluetooth , GPS .	Bluetooth	neutral
Bad reception for all radios : Wi - Fi , Bluetooth , GPS .	GPS	neutral
The sound going into the mono earpiece was perfect , and everyone I 've talked to over my Skype line has said I sound crystal clear , like on a real phone , or at least a decent cell connection .	sound	neutral
The sound going into the mono earpiece was perfect , and everyone I 've talked to over my Skype line has said I sound crystal clear , like on a real phone , or at least a decent cell connection .	mono earpiece	neutral
It does n't overheat , it does n't negatively affect the laptop ( my last charger made the touchpad jumpy ) , and the cord is much longer .	charger	neutral
It does n't overheat , it does n't negatively affect the laptop ( my last charger made the touchpad jumpy ) , and the cord is much longer .	touchpad	neutral
It does n't overheat , it does n't negatively affect the laptop ( my last charger made the touchpad jumpy ) , and the cord is much longer .	cord	neutral
These were easy to install ( if you followed the instructions ) and are holding up just fine .	install	neutral
That said , there are a few things I did n't like as much : Each of the separate compartments in the main pouch has a flap over the top .	compartments	neutral
This laptop is pricy compared to others , but it is well worth the price .	price	neutral
The only plus is the case is hard and keeps it protected .	case	neutral
The only reason I deducted the 5th star was because of the inability to upgrade the hard drive or memory .	hard drive	neutral
The only reason I deducted the 5th star was because of the inability to upgrade the hard drive or memory .	memory	neutral
It would have been helpful if the adapters came with some general instructions on how to sync with computers and devices .	adapters	neutral
Unfortunately , this thing has some serious performance issues .	performance	neutral
Bargain price , but	price	neutral
One problem though , when I move to my Windows laptop , and by habit do the same gestures , w/o luck ; ) 6 ) OSX versus Windows -	gestures	neutral
One problem though , when I move to my Windows laptop , and by habit do the same gestures , w/o luck ; ) 6 ) OSX versus Windows -	OSX	neutral
One problem though , when I move to my Windows laptop , and by habit do the same gestures , w/o luck ; ) 6 ) OSX versus Windows -	Windows	neutral
This is a great mouse and so inexpensive that If it dies tomorrow I will have gotten my money 's worth .	mouse	neutral
and I intend to remove them - MS Office and McAfee protection services being among them - but	MS Office	neutral
and I intend to remove them - MS Office and McAfee protection services being among them - but	McAfee protection services	neutral
It does manage to perform better particularly at higher volumes and is an engineering marvel producing good bass despite the size , yet suffering from no vibration .	perform	neutral
It does manage to perform better particularly at higher volumes and is an engineering marvel producing good bass despite the size , yet suffering from no vibration .	engineering	neutral
It does manage to perform better particularly at higher volumes and is an engineering marvel producing good bass despite the size , yet suffering from no vibration .	bass	neutral
It does manage to perform better particularly at higher volumes and is an engineering marvel producing good bass despite the size , yet suffering from no vibration .	size	neutral
The Antenna supplied will only work if you live close to a TV Transmitter .	Antenna	neutral
The drivers were found automatically by the computer .	drivers	neutral
On one side of the inside of this case there is a mesh pocket .	mesh pocket	neutral
Aspire V5 - 552P - X440 , A10 - 5757 M , 8 GB Ram ,	8 GB Ram	neutral
You can load their specialized drivers and formatters if you like .	drivers	neutral
You can load their specialized drivers and formatters if you like .	formatters	neutral
and is compatible with all my OSes ( Win , Lin , Mac ) .	OSes	neutral
200 MB is good for web but not meant for Netflix or heavy data usage .	web	neutral
It comes with the previously mentioned Google Drive space , and also passes for a plane - based Internet service .	Google Drive space	neutral
It comes with the previously mentioned Google Drive space , and also passes for a plane - based Internet service .	Internet service	neutral
The problem with my desk is there is no room for a seperate wrist - support to go as they are all too big to fit .	wrist - support	neutral
So far it has n't dropped the wireless signal .	wireless signal	neutral
Happy that I was able to make use of an old laptop with a new battery .	battery	neutral
Apps in use : firefox , itunes , office , photoshop , premiere .	Apps	neutral
Apps in use : firefox , itunes , office , photoshop , premiere .	firefox	neutral
Apps in use : firefox , itunes , office , photoshop , premiere .	itunes	neutral
Apps in use : firefox , itunes , office , photoshop , premiere .	office	neutral
Apps in use : firefox , itunes , office , photoshop , premiere .	photoshop	neutral
Some neat features It comes with are a finger print reader , a webcam , & full keyboard with a track pad .	features	neutral
Some neat features It comes with are a finger print reader , a webcam , & full keyboard with a track pad .	finger print reader	neutral
Some neat features It comes with are a finger print reader , a webcam , & full keyboard with a track pad .	webcam	neutral
Some neat features It comes with are a finger print reader , a webcam , & full keyboard with a track pad .	keyboard	neutral
Some neat features It comes with are a finger print reader , a webcam , & full keyboard with a track pad .	track pad	neutral
This cover is nice and thick , without being heavy .	cover	neutral
A little pricey overall for RAM , however , reasonably priced for this particular type of RAM overall .	RAM	neutral
A little pricey overall for RAM , however , reasonably priced for this particular type of RAM overall .	RAM	neutral
The 2006 BMW 3 series does not have an available interface for use with iPhone / iPod , that feature arrived in 2008 ( I think ) and was a $ 500 accessory .	interface	neutral
The 2006 BMW 3 series does not have an available interface for use with iPhone / iPod , that feature arrived in 2008 ( I think ) and was a $ 500 accessory .	feature	neutral
The touch pad scroll is very easy to use and also very touch sensitive .	touch pad scroll	neutral
not as fast as my 3-yr old desktop that is overclocked or my new work laptop , but it runs very smoothly for what i use it for .	runs	neutral
This was a reasonably priced cord that does the job .	cord	neutral
I would recommend it to anyone looking for an external hard drive .	external hard drive	neutral
A great purchase at this price .	price	neutral
but I went with this 12 by 8 because it was the perfect size to easily fit in my backpack .	size	neutral
It 'll ca nt to the side because the disc is rather thick ( posted an image ) , so be wary of doing this .	disc	neutral
Really nice capacity .	capacity	neutral
The lesson here is -- only buy this adapter if you have a CD drive !	CD drive	neutral
Excellent price .	price	neutral
With this keyboard skin my macbook look like it is the original and the original do not take any dust , it is unbelievable	keyboard skin	neutral
Works Great ! ! ! !	Works	neutral
With the amplification powered by a single AAA battery along with the built - in noise canceling you should n't have this problem , even in noisy environments .	amplification	neutral
With the amplification powered by a single AAA battery along with the built - in noise canceling you should n't have this problem , even in noisy environments .	noise	neutral
Until you have a fully charged battery the mouse wo nt work at all since the cord connection does not work so the only way to use this product is the charge the battery yourself in a charger and then just treat it like any other battery operated wireless mouse .	battery	neutral
Until you have a fully charged battery the mouse wo nt work at all since the cord connection does not work so the only way to use this product is the charge the battery yourself in a charger and then just treat it like any other battery operated wireless mouse .	mouse	neutral
Until you have a fully charged battery the mouse wo nt work at all since the cord connection does not work so the only way to use this product is the charge the battery yourself in a charger and then just treat it like any other battery operated wireless mouse .	cord connection	neutral
Until you have a fully charged battery the mouse wo nt work at all since the cord connection does not work so the only way to use this product is the charge the battery yourself in a charger and then just treat it like any other battery operated wireless mouse .	battery	neutral
I 'm not expecting to be able to produce HD videos for the big screen , but	screen	neutral
WHAT BOSE SHOULD HAVE DONE TO BEGIN WITH , and especially at a REASONABLE price point ( which this is not).DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR	price point	neutral
actual picture is HD and I have only 1 complaint .	picture	neutral
I have used a couple different Bluetooth speakers but nothing as big as this set .	Bluetooth speakers	neutral
The meat of this thing is it has the best screen AND speakers of any portable device I have ever used or even SEEN .	screen	neutral
The meat of this thing is it has the best screen AND speakers of any portable device I have ever used or even SEEN .	speakers	neutral
I have been using this power cord for about 6 months now , and so far I have been more than pleased .	power cord	neutral
Also large , easy to use w/o hand cramping up , and good quality material .	use	neutral
Also large , easy to use w/o hand cramping up , and good quality material .	material	neutral
do n't know about speed , but it does play dvd 's .	speed	neutral
I was happy that it came with a full charge , as I was able to give it a test run on my I - Pod right off the start .	charge	neutral
Price : perfect .	Price	neutral
Audio Video InterleaveCDA CD AudioDVI	Audio Video	neutral
They even made a pocket under the cover flap that you could fit small things in .	cover flap	neutral
holds my laptop , mouse and my external HDD .	mouse	neutral
holds my laptop , mouse and my external HDD .	external HDD	neutral
2 " bag ... does not have one : ( 16 " bag has a strap sewn onto the back of the bag , so you can slip the bag over the handle of your rolling luggage and secure it as " one piece " ...	strap	neutral
The zipper is easy to engage and use .	zipper	neutral
The zipper is easy to engage and use .	use	neutral
It works well in the Wii !	works	neutral
The small red glow on the rollers is cool !	rollers	neutral
After turning off the computer 's wireless and starting up a browser , the Zuni 's IP address is typed into the address bar ( see instruction sheet ) , bringing up the setup page .	wireless	neutral
After turning off the computer 's wireless and starting up a browser , the Zuni 's IP address is typed into the address bar ( see instruction sheet ) , bringing up the setup page .	setup page	neutral
I received it and hooked it up to my desktop computer with Windows 7 , and Windows automatically found the drivers and installed it .	Windows 7	neutral
I received it and hooked it up to my desktop computer with Windows 7 , and Windows automatically found the drivers and installed it .	Windows	neutral
I received it and hooked it up to my desktop computer with Windows 7 , and Windows automatically found the drivers and installed it .	drivers	neutral
But above all this , the OS is usable and just like your chrome web browser .	OS	neutral
But above all this , the OS is usable and just like your chrome web browser .	chrome web browser	neutral
Your Audio MIDI Setup configuration might look different from mine but the key is to ratchet down those Hz .	Audio MIDI Setup configuration	neutral
It elevates the keyboard to make typing more	keyboard	neutral
This is the WORST speakers I have ever seen .	speakers	neutral
1amp charger ( not included ) and lasts roughly 5 - 1/2 - 6 hours at full volume and probably more if it is at a lower volume .	1amp charger	neutral
It 's unfortunate Apple does n't have a dock like this .	dock	neutral
For the ChromeOS , there is no need for so much horsepower .	ChromeOS	neutral
Let me start by saying that I have the Targus USB chillpad with a powered 4 port hub built into the chillpad .	USB chillpad	neutral
Let me start by saying that I have the Targus USB chillpad with a powered 4 port hub built into the chillpad .	4 port hub	neutral
Let me start by saying that I have the Targus USB chillpad with a powered 4 port hub built into the chillpad .	chillpad	neutral
This AC adapter works and is just like my original .	AC adapter	neutral
The shipping was n't inordinate considering the weight .	shipping	neutral
The shipping was n't inordinate considering the weight .	weight	neutral
So we had to buy a signal booster instead , eliminating the need for the splitter .	signal booster	neutral
So we had to buy a signal booster instead , eliminating the need for the splitter .	splitter	neutral
The cable with the proper length , connector was obviously the right connector .	cable	neutral
The cable with the proper length , connector was obviously the right connector .	length	neutral
The cable with the proper length , connector was obviously the right connector .	connector	neutral
The cable with the proper length , connector was obviously the right connector .	connector	neutral
b ) click on " settings"c ) click on " help"d ) click on " more info " .	settings"c	neutral
So rather than buy a new desktop , I bought this docking station .	docking station	neutral
I 'm using a 160 GB laptop ( 2 . 5&#34 ; form factor ,	form factor	neutral
Excellent physical foot print .	physical foot print	neutral
But , I received it and the usb cord did n't work .	usb cord	neutral
I bought this with a new 500 GB hard drive for my macbook ( early 2006 ) and the process was remarkably easy .	500 GB hard drive	neutral
So really two problems I guess , since the third is n't quite laptop related , and I did n't expect much given it 's a new laptop with new hardware , etc .	hardware	neutral
If you 're like me and you carry a laptop , iPad , notebook , external hard drive , and various other vital gear , then you might grow frustrated with the space limitations imposed by the very modest size of this pack .	external hard drive	neutral
If you 're like me and you carry a laptop , iPad , notebook , external hard drive , and various other vital gear , then you might grow frustrated with the space limitations imposed by the very modest size of this pack .	space	neutral
If you 're like me and you carry a laptop , iPad , notebook , external hard drive , and various other vital gear , then you might grow frustrated with the space limitations imposed by the very modest size of this pack .	size	neutral
Overall , a good notebook with a major flaw of essentially not having any security slot ( which could have been put on the left side next to the vents if they did not make the side slope inwards , unlike the right side ) .	security slot	neutral
Read the description for the full list of features ; these were the features which made an impression on me .	features	neutral
Read the description for the full list of features ; these were the features which made an impression on me .	features	neutral
Many 10"-or - larger tablet owners will love " stand mode " on their laps .	stand mode	neutral
Some have complained about their systems throwing up a flag/ warning that it is not an OEM battery--- for me when I installed Windows 7 it got rid of all of the bloatware that comes preinstalled , including some of the Lenovo utilities that are not needed .	battery---	neutral
Some have complained about their systems throwing up a flag/ warning that it is not an OEM battery--- for me when I installed Windows 7 it got rid of all of the bloatware that comes preinstalled , including some of the Lenovo utilities that are not needed .	Windows 7	neutral
Some have complained about their systems throwing up a flag/ warning that it is not an OEM battery--- for me when I installed Windows 7 it got rid of all of the bloatware that comes preinstalled , including some of the Lenovo utilities that are not needed .	bloatware	neutral
Under daily active usage conditions , one set batteries lasted about 2 weeks , and still going strong .	batteries	neutral
* Wireless - G Card * HP Color Matching Keyboard	Wireless - G Card	neutral
* Wireless - G Card * HP Color Matching Keyboard	HP Color Matching Keyboard	neutral
just fine).You can ( only ) have two displays working at once .	displays	neutral
It does n't come with it 's own charger .	charger	neutral
This is a fantastic piece of audio equipment .	audio	neutral
* * * From the moment I 've contacted Patriot customer support , it took about a week to get an RMA # , which is essential to have your broken card switched for the working one .	Patriot customer support	neutral
It 's small , light , and starts up quickly .	starts up	neutral
Somehow , I 'd like to have them both pick up Bluetooth separately , but then of course , both would need separate power supplies and receptacles .	power supplies	neutral
Somehow , I 'd like to have them both pick up Bluetooth separately , but then of course , both would need separate power supplies and receptacles .	receptacles	neutral
I hope to see a $ 500 to $ 600 chromebook with good screen and processor .	screen	neutral
I hope to see a $ 500 to $ 600 chromebook with good screen and processor .	processor	neutral
Second , because it leaves both USB ports open for other things .	USB ports	neutral
When I connected this speaker to my TV box to use as a TV speaker , I have to hit the power button on the speaker because it turns itself off when not in use .	power button	neutral
There is n't a neat little velcro elastic strap at the top of the padded compartment like i"m used to from my old bag , but it has n't been an issue yet	padded compartment	neutral
This cover fits my Samsung Chromebook perfectly , The color is exactly as shown , a beautiful aqua .	color	neutral
This is a great laptop - and it has Windows 7 .	Windows 7	neutral
Keyboard and screen are nice and	Keyboard	neutral
Keyboard and screen are nice and	screen	neutral
I have had this charger a little over two months and have had no problems with it	charger	neutral
There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .	speaker grill	neutral
There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .	driver	neutral
My one minor nitpick with the design of this keyboard cover is that I do not like its use of the two thin elastic straps that are used to secure the top of the cover to the bottom / base of the cover .	design	neutral
My one minor nitpick with the design of this keyboard cover is that I do not like its use of the two thin elastic straps that are used to secure the top of the cover to the bottom / base of the cover .	keyboard cover	neutral
My one minor nitpick with the design of this keyboard cover is that I do not like its use of the two thin elastic straps that are used to secure the top of the cover to the bottom / base of the cover .	elastic straps	neutral
My one minor nitpick with the design of this keyboard cover is that I do not like its use of the two thin elastic straps that are used to secure the top of the cover to the bottom / base of the cover .	cover	neutral
I am VERY pleased with my JBLPROS ( 1 ) Remote control .	Remote control	neutral
For a right - handed person , they can be on the left side of the computer or vice versa for a left handed person , but ideally they should be put in the back along with the power plug in .	power plug	neutral
In summary , it works just fine for me , and I have 1 TB of space available !	works	neutral
In summary , it works just fine for me , and I have 1 TB of space available !	space	neutral
Despite the negative reviews , I decided to purchase this drive for my 10 year old Apple Powerbook G4 Titanium 500MHz .	drive	neutral
:) thank you for offering this at a wayy cheaper price than most tech stores :)	price	neutral
This was the first that I found that works on XP , Vista , and Vista x64 with my Samsung ML-2510 monochrome laser printer .	XP	neutral
This was the first that I found that works on XP , Vista , and Vista x64 with my Samsung ML-2510 monochrome laser printer .	Vista	neutral
This was the first that I found that works on XP , Vista , and Vista x64 with my Samsung ML-2510 monochrome laser printer .	Vista x64	neutral
I 'm really very satisfied with the Medialink - USB Bluetooth Adapter and recommend it with confidence .	Medialink - USB Bluetooth Adapter	neutral
Skype , and with pre - installed Windows XP Home .	Skype	neutral
Skype , and with pre - installed Windows XP Home .	Windows XP Home	neutral
My drive started to make a loud " clunk " sound about a week after I installed it .	drive	neutral
I guess the technology upgraded but the receiver did n't ?	technology	neutral
I guess the technology upgraded but the receiver did n't ?	receiver	neutral
The 3 M laptop privacy filter is a great tool for anybody that is concerned about keeping the information on their laptop screen from prying eyes .	3 M laptop privacy filter	neutral
The 3 M laptop privacy filter is a great tool for anybody that is concerned about keeping the information on their laptop screen from prying eyes .	screen	neutral
I 'm guessing they 're now as fast as the desktop 's internal drive .	internal drive	neutral
My original Dell battery died just over a year from when I bought it ( 5 of us bought same laptops and all but 1 of them lasted more than 13 months , last one lasting 18 months so makes me believe Dell purposely makes them last less )	battery	neutral
It serves its purpose as a keyboard cover but you can not type with it placed on .	keyboard cover	neutral
What really stinks about this prodyct is that it DOES NOT come with the wire required to use thie product .	wire	neutral
I 've had my Toshiba laptop with 17-inch screen for more than four years , and I 've only replaced the battery once .	17-inch screen	neutral
I 've had my Toshiba laptop with 17-inch screen for more than four years , and I 've only replaced the battery once .	battery	neutral
Do your research before buying so that you wo n't be disappointed if you want to do things that Chrome OS currently does n't support .	Chrome OS	neutral
i am disappointed how it did not include a micro SD adapter just like it had in the picture , but over all this is a functional product .	micro SD adapter	neutral
I have taken multiple videos and sequence photo shooting ( at max resolution ) and I have n't had any loss of quality whatsoever .	quality	neutral
The speakers , in my opinion , could be better .	speakers	neutral
The sound of my own voice was crisp , clear and loud.----------------------------------------CAMERA----------------------------------------While using the Windows 8 camera app	Windows 8 camera app	neutral
Further , D - Link 's tech support was absolutely useless in helping solve the mystery of what had happened .	D - Link 's	neutral
Further , D - Link 's tech support was absolutely useless in helping solve the mystery of what had happened .	tech support	neutral
Unlike other reviews , I had no issue in getting my laptop to connect wirelessly .	connect	neutral
Windows 8 was a pleasant surprise .	Windows 8	neutral
The top end does suffer slightly because of the emphasis on bass but the overall sound is balanced .	bass	neutral
The top end does suffer slightly because of the emphasis on bass but the overall sound is balanced .	sound	neutral
and then I am faced with the touch - pad curse!!!!Does	touch - pad	neutral
This cable has good length and does what it 's supposed to do !	cable	neutral
This cable has good length and does what it 's supposed to do !	length	neutral
You really can not beat Mediabridge for quality and value .	value	neutral
Fits well into the port and provides access to the USB forall the devices tried .	port	neutral
Fits well into the port and provides access to the USB forall the devices tried .	USB	neutral
Nearly everything I can do on my PC or netbook , I can do on my Archos , the only exception being many flash games which lag when played directly from the website but play flawlessly when downloaded directly to the Archos .	games	neutral
A few months earlier , I had purchased the same battery from a different seller but it was faulty	battery	neutral
I have a Dell running Windows XP	Windows XP	neutral
there is a ton of content that is tough to beat , but for me I get all of my TV shows , from 33 channels right off of my free air antennae fed into Vista Media Center .	Vista Media Center	neutral
In addition to needing an external CD / DVD drive ( or you could just rely on flash drives ) , a protective padded sleeve for this machine is a must or a mini laptop case .	external CD / DVD drive	neutral
In addition to needing an external CD / DVD drive ( or you could just rely on flash drives ) , a protective padded sleeve for this machine is a must or a mini laptop case .	flash drives	neutral
In addition to needing an external CD / DVD drive ( or you could just rely on flash drives ) , a protective padded sleeve for this machine is a must or a mini laptop case .	sleeve	neutral
The elastic band that holds the Kindle closed is a little tight , but nevertheless OK .	elastic band	neutral
It is not at all bulky and has 2 zips in the front and one in the back .	zips	neutral
Multiple monitors is no problem as well as using this as a display for , say , a TV box .	monitors	neutral
I 'd never know it was n't an SSD .	SSD	neutral
I like the much smaller power block .	power block	neutral
This is a really well made case except mounting the drive in .It 's very quick assembly , but there is nothing to keep the drive from rattling around in the case .	drive	neutral
This is a really well made case except mounting the drive in .It 's very quick assembly , but there is nothing to keep the drive from rattling around in the case .	assembly	neutral
This is a really well made case except mounting the drive in .It 's very quick assembly , but there is nothing to keep the drive from rattling around in the case .	drive	neutral
then , tried it w/ an older PC and seem like the CPU gets busy ( need to make sure you computer meets the spec of dual core/2Ghz above ) ....	CPU	neutral
then , tried it w/ an older PC and seem like the CPU gets busy ( need to make sure you computer meets the spec of dual core/2Ghz above ) ....	spec	neutral
then , tried it w/ an older PC and seem like the CPU gets busy ( need to make sure you computer meets the spec of dual core/2Ghz above ) ....	dual core/2Ghz	neutral
Built in camera on the top of the screen and the microphone is at the eight o'clock area of the keyboard .	screen	neutral
Built in camera on the top of the screen and the microphone is at the eight o'clock area of the keyboard .	microphone	neutral
Built in camera on the top of the screen and the microphone is at the eight o'clock area of the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Works great and have as a spare for my wife 's computer .	Works	neutral
Works perfect , looks awesome and weights nothing .	Works	neutral
Works perfect , looks awesome and weights nothing .	weights	neutral
perfectly , I started to observe the estimated battery life .	battery life	neutral
But its achilles heel is still software availability .	software availability	neutral
i would recommend this computer for : graphic designers as a supplemental portable , students as a primary computer that can also easily be carried to class ( boy do i wish they made computers this light when i was in college ) , and for any person who wants a portable computer for everyday stuff ( word processing , internet use , etc ) that has a good enough processor and enough ram to be useful for years to come .	word processing	neutral
i would recommend this computer for : graphic designers as a supplemental portable , students as a primary computer that can also easily be carried to class ( boy do i wish they made computers this light when i was in college ) , and for any person who wants a portable computer for everyday stuff ( word processing , internet use , etc ) that has a good enough processor and enough ram to be useful for years to come .	internet use	neutral
i would recommend this computer for : graphic designers as a supplemental portable , students as a primary computer that can also easily be carried to class ( boy do i wish they made computers this light when i was in college ) , and for any person who wants a portable computer for everyday stuff ( word processing , internet use , etc ) that has a good enough processor and enough ram to be useful for years to come .	processor	neutral
i would recommend this computer for : graphic designers as a supplemental portable , students as a primary computer that can also easily be carried to class ( boy do i wish they made computers this light when i was in college ) , and for any person who wants a portable computer for everyday stuff ( word processing , internet use , etc ) that has a good enough processor and enough ram to be useful for years to come .	ram	neutral
sometimes.- Webcam is usable but the quality is poor .	Webcam	neutral
sometimes.- Webcam is usable but the quality is poor .	quality	neutral
The construction is sturdier , the pop open feature is great ( it fits better in my computer bag ) , the lip at the bottom holds the laptop more securely .	construction	neutral
The construction is sturdier , the pop open feature is great ( it fits better in my computer bag ) , the lip at the bottom holds the laptop more securely .	pop open feature	neutral
The construction is sturdier , the pop open feature is great ( it fits better in my computer bag ) , the lip at the bottom holds the laptop more securely .	lip	neutral
Everything about Windows 8 seems like a bad idea , and just about everything you want to do takes an extra step or two .	Windows 8	neutral
Functioned perfectly at a fraction of the cost of purchasing locally .	cost	neutral
The bag feels sturdy , the handles and straps are padded , and the so - called " bagel " pocket in the front has n't held a bagel yet , but it 's great for a snack bar or two .	handles	neutral
The bag feels sturdy , the handles and straps are padded , and the so - called " bagel " pocket in the front has n't held a bagel yet , but it 's great for a snack bar or two .	straps	neutral
The bag feels sturdy , the handles and straps are padded , and the so - called " bagel " pocket in the front has n't held a bagel yet , but it 's great for a snack bar or two .	bagel	neutral
Add the aluminum case , Ilife apps and the best operating system on the planet and the price shrinks some .	aluminum case	neutral
Add the aluminum case , Ilife apps and the best operating system on the planet and the price shrinks some .	Ilife apps	neutral
Add the aluminum case , Ilife apps and the best operating system on the planet and the price shrinks some .	operating system	neutral
Add the aluminum case , Ilife apps and the best operating system on the planet and the price shrinks some .	price	neutral
On the front of the screen is the microphone , a web camera indicator , the front camera , and a large button under the screen that presses the " Windows " key ( which I found useful ) .	screen	neutral
On the front of the screen is the microphone , a web camera indicator , the front camera , and a large button under the screen that presses the " Windows " key ( which I found useful ) .	microphone	neutral
On the front of the screen is the microphone , a web camera indicator , the front camera , and a large button under the screen that presses the " Windows " key ( which I found useful ) .	web camera indicator	neutral
On the front of the screen is the microphone , a web camera indicator , the front camera , and a large button under the screen that presses the " Windows " key ( which I found useful ) .	front camera	neutral
On the front of the screen is the microphone , a web camera indicator , the front camera , and a large button under the screen that presses the " Windows " key ( which I found useful ) .	screen	neutral
On the front of the screen is the microphone , a web camera indicator , the front camera , and a large button under the screen that presses the " Windows " key ( which I found useful ) .	Windows " key	neutral
is the zipper is a little hard to pull .	zipper	neutral
The Belkin cooling pad is 100 % JUNK .	Belkin cooling pad	neutral
Take advantage of this price drop while you can !	price	neutral
Please , Please do n't waste time and money on this piece of junk!!!!The mouse pad keeps freezing , and whenever that happens the device needs to be restarted .	mouse pad	neutral
Unless someone is directly behind you all they will see is a nice gold screen .	screen	neutral
5 g AC connection has incredible speed and stability if the signal is strong enough .	5 g AC connection	neutral
5 g AC connection has incredible speed and stability if the signal is strong enough .	speed	neutral
5 g AC connection has incredible speed and stability if the signal is strong enough .	stability	neutral
5 g AC connection has incredible speed and stability if the signal is strong enough .	signal	neutral
It arrived much sooner than the expected delivery date .	delivery	neutral
6 - 8 hours of use from a single charge , at least initially .	charge	neutral
You can give it the same / different WiFi password as the other access point .	WiFi password	neutral
You can give it the same / different WiFi password as the other access point .	access point	neutral
It 's the best cable you can get for this money .	cable	neutral
I bought this for my daughter because she wanted to listen to her Ipod in her room and while taking a shower ( hence the need for portability ) .	portability	neutral
It closes and stays shut though a magnetic strap that works reasonably well .	magnetic strap	neutral
The manual control set includes white balance , focus , audio , shutter speed , and aperture settings .	manual control set	neutral
The manual control set includes white balance , focus , audio , shutter speed , and aperture settings .	focus	neutral
The manual control set includes white balance , focus , audio , shutter speed , and aperture settings .	audio	neutral
The manual control set includes white balance , focus , audio , shutter speed , and aperture settings .	shutter speed	neutral
The manual control set includes white balance , focus , audio , shutter speed , and aperture settings .	aperture	neutral
One of the sides has a hard surface to protect the camera 's screen .	camera	neutral
- Effectiveness varies from headphone model to headphone model , normal setting makes headphones sound tinnyI tried the E5 with a variety of vintage headphones - Numark , HV115 , Stanton Dynaphase Fifty , Sennheise HD420SL and HD422 , Koss SST/5 , and Audio Technica ATH-701 .	Audio Technica	neutral
I find the stand flimsy but usable	stand	neutral
My 15 inch ASUS laptop works like a charm .	works	neutral
This sleeve is well built and its modern look will not disappoint .	sleeve	neutral
This sleeve is well built and its modern look will not disappoint .	built	neutral
This sleeve is well built and its modern look will not disappoint .	look	neutral
That can screw up your color scheme if it does not involve blue ( you could cover it in electrical tape if it annoys you ) .	color scheme	neutral
I needed a bigger memory card	memory card	neutral
With the plethora of high capacity USB sources ( 5V , I have a close to 9Ah box ) it would be nice to be able to use one .	USB sources	neutral
Old 7 year laptop and battery was discharged , now works perfect .	battery	neutral
It 's expandable just by buying more Logitech network	Logitech network	neutral
RAM ( Memory ) :	RAM	neutral
RAM ( Memory ) :	Memory	neutral
Of course , these adapters are not worth such a higher price ; they are a profit - making accessory for Lenovo .	adapters	neutral
Of course , these adapters are not worth such a higher price ; they are a profit - making accessory for Lenovo .	price	neutral
and I 've got a great & # 34;new&#34 ; computer ( 4 gig ram , 500 gig HD ) .	4	neutral
Even when my D630 is just sitting on a table , the feet on the notebook are not tall enough to allow enough air to pass through the fan ( even if Dell says they are ) .	feet	neutral
Even when my D630 is just sitting on a table , the feet on the notebook are not tall enough to allow enough air to pass through the fan ( even if Dell says they are ) .	fan	neutral
Better docs and packaging would make this a 5-star product .	docs	neutral
Better docs and packaging would make this a 5-star product .	packaging	neutral
The good news is that because the device is running on a custom version of Android 4 . 0 ( whatever odd name they have for this ) , the tablet " should " be able to run a lot of the other actual GOOD apps available through the Google Marketplace , or from Amazon .	Android 4 . 0	neutral
The good news is that because the device is running on a custom version of Android 4 . 0 ( whatever odd name they have for this ) , the tablet " should " be able to run a lot of the other actual GOOD apps available through the Google Marketplace , or from Amazon .	apps	neutral
The 4 GB of RAM were fully accessible , thanks to the 64 bit operating system ( both on the OEM version it came with and	4 GB of RAM	neutral
The 4 GB of RAM were fully accessible , thanks to the 64 bit operating system ( both on the OEM version it came with and	64 bit	neutral
The 4 GB of RAM were fully accessible , thanks to the 64 bit operating system ( both on the OEM version it came with and	operating system	neutral
When I saw this product and the price I said I had purchase the laptop .	price	neutral
Its battery life is stunning .	battery life	neutral
( I used an older Kindle charger ( DC 5V~0 . 85A ) , which worked well without any overheating.)Overall , I give the Magic Cube high marks for styling and appearance , good marks for sound if the volume is n't pushed too high , and high marks for excellent Bluetooth operation and range .	styling	neutral
( I used an older Kindle charger ( DC 5V~0 . 85A ) , which worked well without any overheating.)Overall , I give the Magic Cube high marks for styling and appearance , good marks for sound if the volume is n't pushed too high , and high marks for excellent Bluetooth operation and range .	appearance	neutral
( I used an older Kindle charger ( DC 5V~0 . 85A ) , which worked well without any overheating.)Overall , I give the Magic Cube high marks for styling and appearance , good marks for sound if the volume is n't pushed too high , and high marks for excellent Bluetooth operation and range .	sound	neutral
( I used an older Kindle charger ( DC 5V~0 . 85A ) , which worked well without any overheating.)Overall , I give the Magic Cube high marks for styling and appearance , good marks for sound if the volume is n't pushed too high , and high marks for excellent Bluetooth operation and range .	volume	neutral
( I used an older Kindle charger ( DC 5V~0 . 85A ) , which worked well without any overheating.)Overall , I give the Magic Cube high marks for styling and appearance , good marks for sound if the volume is n't pushed too high , and high marks for excellent Bluetooth operation and range .	Bluetooth operation	neutral
( I used an older Kindle charger ( DC 5V~0 . 85A ) , which worked well without any overheating.)Overall , I give the Magic Cube high marks for styling and appearance , good marks for sound if the volume is n't pushed too high , and high marks for excellent Bluetooth operation and range .	range	neutral
On the downside , I would like to have the retina display , and the machine is n't silent - there 's the fan and the rotating disk drive which makes a little noise when you tilt the machine .	fan	neutral
On the downside , I would like to have the retina display , and the machine is n't silent - there 's the fan and the rotating disk drive which makes a little noise when you tilt the machine .	rotating disk drive	neutral
Very pleased with the performance so far , hopefully it will last for some time .	performance	neutral
I do n't have to worry about battery life for the first time .	battery life	neutral
I bought the version without the USB port .	USB port	neutral
It is easy to install ( with youtube 's help as there are no instructions	install	neutral
It is easy to install ( with youtube 's help as there are no instructions	instructions	neutral
What I could not suffer through was the very slow speed to the internet .	speed to the internet	neutral
For the true road warrier , you have to decide what 's more important to you : ( 1 ) a faster charge that this gives you ; or ( 2 ) saving a little weight and space in you bag .	charge	neutral
Much easier to type fast for me .	type	neutral
The case I received is excellent .	case	neutral
Make sure you clean each key with rubbing alcohol real good before sticking the letters on or they wo n't stay on for long .	key	neutral
I travel frequently with numerous electronics , and as one finds out many times there are n't exactly a lot of extra sockets in the hotel rooms .	sockets	neutral
4GHz access points operating .	access points	neutral
Backups to Time Machine are more likely to happen if you use a Time Capsule as a wireless router + external hard drive .	external hard drive	neutral
This one was very easy to install and works very well .	install	neutral
This one was very easy to install and works very well .	works	neutral
This is truly a great cable .	cable	neutral
This enclosure provides a simple way to make use of that internal drive that you replaced with an upgrade or salvaged from an retired computer .	enclosure	neutral
This enclosure provides a simple way to make use of that internal drive that you replaced with an upgrade or salvaged from an retired computer .	internal drive	neutral
For those unfamiliar with Google 's security services this involves Google sending a text message to my cell phone in order to authenticate my identity .	Google	neutral
For those unfamiliar with Google 's security services this involves Google sending a text message to my cell phone in order to authenticate my identity .	security services	neutral
Although this laptop case is designed for the MacBook Air 's 90 degree angle " L " shaped MagSafe charger cable , the cable does touch an edge of the plastic shell that just ever so slightly causes the charging contacts not seated properly .	MagSafe charger cable	neutral
Although this laptop case is designed for the MacBook Air 's 90 degree angle " L " shaped MagSafe charger cable , the cable does touch an edge of the plastic shell that just ever so slightly causes the charging contacts not seated properly .	cable	neutral
Although this laptop case is designed for the MacBook Air 's 90 degree angle " L " shaped MagSafe charger cable , the cable does touch an edge of the plastic shell that just ever so slightly causes the charging contacts not seated properly .	charging contacts	neutral
I am thinking that the one I received was a lemon otherwise you would see numerous other reviewers commenting the same thing as this negates one of the most important features of playing without an available outlet .	features	neutral
There are other external drives out there that may cost a little more and have a better build quality , but this had Blu - Ray .	external drives	neutral
There are other external drives out there that may cost a little more and have a better build quality , but this had Blu - Ray .	build quality	neutral
There are other external drives out there that may cost a little more and have a better build quality , but this had Blu - Ray .	Blu - Ray	neutral
And I hate wires !	wires	neutral
It does not leave streaks and the cleaning cloth is great .	cleaning cloth	neutral
You 'll notice that the up arrow key is just below theenter key .	up arrow key	neutral
I moved my files over from my external hard drive , and in an hour I was fully up and running with everything I need .	external hard drive	neutral
It comes with the various cables that you might need , including a HDMI mini cable that can be used with XA10 and others .	cables	neutral
It comes with the various cables that you might need , including a HDMI mini cable that can be used with XA10 and others .	HDMI mini cable	neutral
but he does think it is a great case with room for everything he needs to carry .	case	neutral
A careful look at the photo will show that the housing around the connector ends is a plastic that is simply glued together and not molded around the connections .	housing	neutral
A careful look at the photo will show that the housing around the connector ends is a plastic that is simply glued together and not molded around the connections .	connector ends	neutral
A careful look at the photo will show that the housing around the connector ends is a plastic that is simply glued together and not molded around the connections .	connections	neutral
Fast service .	service	neutral
I was glad when I found this the price had come down so much .	price	neutral
Guess they want to sell you half the memory for same price .	memory	neutral
Guess they want to sell you half the memory for same price .	price	neutral
The keytops , like the body of the netbook , have a matte finish .	keytops	neutral
The keytops , like the body of the netbook , have a matte finish .	finish	neutral
Unfortunately , my fears were true the support left a lot to be desired and when the script they were reading from on things to try they gave up and told me the product was defective .	support	neutral
This is a very nice looking sling pack .	sling pack	neutral
I used this to amplify the headphone jack of a Nook tablet	headphone jack	neutral
The MBP fired right up with an indicated 60 % charge .	charge	neutral
Wow , so this is what a laser notebook mouse can be .	laser	neutral
The controls are simple and having it wake up with low volume is good design .	controls	neutral
The controls are simple and having it wake up with low volume is good design .	volume	neutral
The controls are simple and having it wake up with low volume is good design .	design	neutral
The product was certainly a bargain at the price ; it just was n't what I was looking for .	price	neutral
After all laptop manufacturers do n't adhere to some standard layout .	layout	neutral
Double Layer Superdrive - The Powerbook G4 now has superdrives ( DVD burning capable ) across the line .	Double Layer Superdrive	neutral
Double Layer Superdrive - The Powerbook G4 now has superdrives ( DVD burning capable ) across the line .	superdrives	neutral
Double Layer Superdrive - The Powerbook G4 now has superdrives ( DVD burning capable ) across the line .	DVD burning	neutral
The stylus has had no issues so far and is greatly appreciated .	stylus	neutral
Trackpad receives less praise from me .	Trackpad	neutral
It 's just plug n ' play and unlike some other reviewers , I have n't noticed any noise at all coming from the fan on my pc or the drive itself .	fan	neutral
The problem is , Lenovo has mediocre customer service and left MUCH to be desired .	customer service	neutral
Card readers are generally lagging SD card development .	Card readers	neutral
Card readers are generally lagging SD card development .	SD card development	neutral
If you know that you do not need or ever use a cd drive , purchase a net book .	cd drive	neutral
Hr agreed and then after being on hold for 5 minutes he told me the system was down	system	neutral
They should re - design the housing to have the correct slot sizes .	housing	neutral
They should re - design the housing to have the correct slot sizes .	slot sizes	neutral
For whatever reason , OS X 10 . 6 . 7 has a minimum allowable bit rate for A2DP Bluetooth stereo audio so low as to render the resulting audio -profoundly- depressing .	OS X 10 . 6	neutral
For whatever reason , OS X 10 . 6 . 7 has a minimum allowable bit rate for A2DP Bluetooth stereo audio so low as to render the resulting audio -profoundly- depressing .	bit rate	neutral
For whatever reason , OS X 10 . 6 . 7 has a minimum allowable bit rate for A2DP Bluetooth stereo audio so low as to render the resulting audio -profoundly- depressing .	A2DP	neutral
For whatever reason , OS X 10 . 6 . 7 has a minimum allowable bit rate for A2DP Bluetooth stereo audio so low as to render the resulting audio -profoundly- depressing .	Bluetooth stereo audio	neutral
The small speakers sound excellent , even turned up loud , but the subwoofer needs to be turned way down at very high volumes , depending what surface it 's on .	speakers	neutral
The small speakers sound excellent , even turned up loud , but the subwoofer needs to be turned way down at very high volumes , depending what surface it 's on .	subwoofer	neutral
Performance wise it works well [ thus far ] but I really think a variable fan would have been a better idea versus no fan turning at all until the built in " sensor " detects that the system has exceeded 40 % or better [ or quite possibly even a higher percentage ] of a wattage load .	Performance	neutral
Performance wise it works well [ thus far ] but I really think a variable fan would have been a better idea versus no fan turning at all until the built in " sensor " detects that the system has exceeded 40 % or better [ or quite possibly even a higher percentage ] of a wattage load .	variable fan	neutral
Performance wise it works well [ thus far ] but I really think a variable fan would have been a better idea versus no fan turning at all until the built in " sensor " detects that the system has exceeded 40 % or better [ or quite possibly even a higher percentage ] of a wattage load .	fan	neutral
Performance wise it works well [ thus far ] but I really think a variable fan would have been a better idea versus no fan turning at all until the built in " sensor " detects that the system has exceeded 40 % or better [ or quite possibly even a higher percentage ] of a wattage load .	system	neutral
It really makes the music sound a lot better .	music	neutral
and I do n't really feel the weight	weight	neutral
This is not the ideal home or dorm speaker - you can get better sound for half the price with a 2 . 1 speaker setup .	sound	neutral
This is not the ideal home or dorm speaker - you can get better sound for half the price with a 2 . 1 speaker setup .	price	neutral
This is not the ideal home or dorm speaker - you can get better sound for half the price with a 2 . 1 speaker setup .	2 . 1 speaker setup	neutral
This size bag holds a lot , and if the straps are n't super strong , all that weight would rip them out by the roots ( which has happened to me before with lesser bags ) .	straps	neutral
Even though the camera compartment is at the bottom of the bag , there is plenty of padding to safely store your camera .	camera compartment	neutral
Even though the camera compartment is at the bottom of the bag , there is plenty of padding to safely store your camera .	padding	neutral
If you like to use your laptop on your lap , you will be happy with the Cool Master .	Cool	neutral
Works very well and is very convenient to carry on trips being so small .	Works	neutral
It also came with a multitude of apps to choose from .	apps	neutral
I do n't think anyone could beat Amazon 's price .	price	neutral
Comfortable , padded handles on three sides , providing many convenient ways to carry the bag .	handles	neutral
One star down for no button on the trackball .	button	neutral
One star down for no button on the trackball .	trackball	neutral
I am very happy with the product and shipping service .	shipping service	neutral
I am using an Alienware backpack for oversized laptop , and it does have a pocket for oversized accessories or a cool pad .	cool pad	neutral
So go figure , I have had two batches of my own RAM fail and have to be returned , then my friend 's computer also got a bad batch of this RAM , where it failed every legitimate test I gave it over and over again , so that had to be returned also .... a grand total of 3 shipments of this Corsair RAM out of 4 shipments that were bad , for one reason or another , so I am left with the inevitiable conclusion that this RAM is not to be trusted for 1333Mhz RAM - dependent machines / notebooks , and I think it 's a good bet to try another brand perhaps : Kingston , Patriot , G. Skill ( now is making notebook RAM ) , or even Samsung / Super Talent brands are all good , or shall I say BETTER choices than this Corsair RAM , no matter how many great reviews you have read here .	RAM	neutral
So go figure , I have had two batches of my own RAM fail and have to be returned , then my friend 's computer also got a bad batch of this RAM , where it failed every legitimate test I gave it over and over again , so that had to be returned also .... a grand total of 3 shipments of this Corsair RAM out of 4 shipments that were bad , for one reason or another , so I am left with the inevitiable conclusion that this RAM is not to be trusted for 1333Mhz RAM - dependent machines / notebooks , and I think it 's a good bet to try another brand perhaps : Kingston , Patriot , G. Skill ( now is making notebook RAM ) , or even Samsung / Super Talent brands are all good , or shall I say BETTER choices than this Corsair RAM , no matter how many great reviews you have read here .	RAM	neutral
So go figure , I have had two batches of my own RAM fail and have to be returned , then my friend 's computer also got a bad batch of this RAM , where it failed every legitimate test I gave it over and over again , so that had to be returned also .... a grand total of 3 shipments of this Corsair RAM out of 4 shipments that were bad , for one reason or another , so I am left with the inevitiable conclusion that this RAM is not to be trusted for 1333Mhz RAM - dependent machines / notebooks , and I think it 's a good bet to try another brand perhaps : Kingston , Patriot , G. Skill ( now is making notebook RAM ) , or even Samsung / Super Talent brands are all good , or shall I say BETTER choices than this Corsair RAM , no matter how many great reviews you have read here .	RAM	neutral
So go figure , I have had two batches of my own RAM fail and have to be returned , then my friend 's computer also got a bad batch of this RAM , where it failed every legitimate test I gave it over and over again , so that had to be returned also .... a grand total of 3 shipments of this Corsair RAM out of 4 shipments that were bad , for one reason or another , so I am left with the inevitiable conclusion that this RAM is not to be trusted for 1333Mhz RAM - dependent machines / notebooks , and I think it 's a good bet to try another brand perhaps : Kingston , Patriot , G. Skill ( now is making notebook RAM ) , or even Samsung / Super Talent brands are all good , or shall I say BETTER choices than this Corsair RAM , no matter how many great reviews you have read here .	RAM	neutral
So go figure , I have had two batches of my own RAM fail and have to be returned , then my friend 's computer also got a bad batch of this RAM , where it failed every legitimate test I gave it over and over again , so that had to be returned also .... a grand total of 3 shipments of this Corsair RAM out of 4 shipments that were bad , for one reason or another , so I am left with the inevitiable conclusion that this RAM is not to be trusted for 1333Mhz RAM - dependent machines / notebooks , and I think it 's a good bet to try another brand perhaps : Kingston , Patriot , G. Skill ( now is making notebook RAM ) , or even Samsung / Super Talent brands are all good , or shall I say BETTER choices than this Corsair RAM , no matter how many great reviews you have read here .	RAM	neutral
I have plans to get wrist pads for longer sessions anyway , as the edges of the Mac itself can get uncomfortable after a while anyway .	wrist pads	neutral
I have plans to get wrist pads for longer sessions anyway , as the edges of the Mac itself can get uncomfortable after a while anyway .	edges	neutral
The PC recognizes it as the Fujitsu 40 GB drive that it is , but that is all it will do .	Fujitsu	neutral
The PC recognizes it as the Fujitsu 40 GB drive that it is , but that is all it will do .	40 GB drive	neutral
There is no visible performance difference between hd and ssd in this case	performance	neutral
There is no visible performance difference between hd and ssd in this case	hd	neutral
There is no visible performance difference between hd and ssd in this case	ssd	neutral
That is already bad but what really ticks me off is the poor customer service .	customer service	neutral
The only real drawback , this laptop does not come with a DVD drive .	DVD drive	neutral
Windows Experience Index , battery life , and other performance measuresOverall :	Windows Experience Index	neutral
Windows Experience Index , battery life , and other performance measuresOverall :	battery life	neutral
Windows Experience Index , battery life , and other performance measuresOverall :	performance	neutral
I definitely recommend this product for anybody who wants a extra Broadband connection at a affordable price for your computer .	Broadband connection	neutral
I definitely recommend this product for anybody who wants a extra Broadband connection at a affordable price for your computer .	price	neutral
This power supply for my Dell Latitude does supply power as intended , but it does not have a grounding plug like the original equipment .	power supply	neutral
This power supply for my Dell Latitude does supply power as intended , but it does not have a grounding plug like the original equipment .	power	neutral
I wanted the portability of the small size .	portability	neutral
I wanted the portability of the small size .	size	neutral
The battery has worked well so far .	battery	neutral
Due to the abysmal customer support I am receiving from LaCie , I will not be purchasing any more of their products .	customer support	neutral
Due to the abysmal customer support I am receiving from LaCie , I will not be purchasing any more of their products .	LaCie	neutral
You can see cables behind it from the front .	cables	neutral
I have an Asus RT - AC66R in my basement because that is where all the ethernet cabling terminates .	ethernet cabling	neutral
If a skin - tight fit is of paramount importance to you , then you may or may not get that fit with a sleeve bought online .	sleeve	neutral
Now my HP is the family 's media center because the keyboard is so frustrating to type on .	keyboard	neutral
If you want to the SD card from your camera , you 'll need to carry an external reader .	SD card	neutral
If you want to the SD card from your camera , you 'll need to carry an external reader .	external reader	neutral
I have n't endurance tested the battery or anything , but I have yet to run it down .	battery	neutral
BUT , if you are in the market for the water - resistance , the price may be worth it to you .	water - resistance	neutral
BUT , if you are in the market for the water - resistance , the price may be worth it to you .	price	neutral
Appears solidly built , the metal housing lends confidence .	built	neutral
Appears solidly built , the metal housing lends confidence .	metal housing	neutral
I do n't use the buttons on the side much , so I ca n't comment on their effectiveness .	buttons	neutral
I use 2 monitors when I 'm home and it function well .	monitors	neutral
It seems like the product is fine , but Windows XP just could n't deal with the upgrade .	Windows XP	neutral
The well - made R-102 has many admirable design features but is padded to a fault .	design features	neutral
GPS signal will only update every 30sec .	GPS signal	neutral
I ca n't even disable the damn trackpad device from the device manager .	trackpad device	neutral
I ca n't even disable the damn trackpad device from the device manager .	device manager	neutral
Definitely but for the moment I am content with its performance .	performance	neutral
So I finished applying the protector and removed it so it would remove this dust .	protector	neutral
The four wire adapter that converts to the SATA input power has loose pins and was hard to get attached to the AC adapter .	four wire adapter	neutral
The four wire adapter that converts to the SATA input power has loose pins and was hard to get attached to the AC adapter .	SATA input power	neutral
The four wire adapter that converts to the SATA input power has loose pins and was hard to get attached to the AC adapter .	AC adapter	neutral
this camera takes just wonderful video but : it seems that in order to view the pictures on tv you must first buy a dvd recorder hw100 for $ 177 . 00	dvd recorder	neutral
This worked as advertised for a couple of months , but has now developed a short in the mic connection .	mic connection	neutral
Adapter on Amazon to connect to the key board wire in the case .	key board wire	neutral
No booming bass , but that 's not why I bought it .	booming bass	neutral
The 25 , 000:1 contrast ratio and auto - motion plus technology make the picture unreal .	contrast ratio	neutral
The 25 , 000:1 contrast ratio and auto - motion plus technology make the picture unreal .	auto - motion plus technology	neutral
The 25 , 000:1 contrast ratio and auto - motion plus technology make the picture unreal .	picture	neutral
The cable works without any problem .	cable	neutral
If you look at the OnTour Plus for the PSP , you will see that the game holder provides the mechanism to keep the cover open .	game holder	neutral
If you look at the OnTour Plus for the PSP , you will see that the game holder provides the mechanism to keep the cover open .	mechanism	neutral
but " Gaming graphics " where the notebook scores " 5 . 0 " , oh well , it 's built by humans , yes ?	Gaming graphics	neutral
This is a great computer for the price .	price	neutral
It took several hours of Google searching to find out that you have to manually set the drivers as " Blutonium BCM2035 " to make it work .	drivers	neutral
However , my external hard drive and my wireless dongle worked , and only those two .	external hard drive	neutral
However , my external hard drive and my wireless dongle worked , and only those two .	wireless dongle	neutral
It does not exhibit the same problem when used at home on our WPA personal connection.-=Games=-Surprised me by actually running Metro 2033 on Very High , but nowhere near playable , and dangerously hot after only a couple of minutes .	WPA personal connection.-=Games=-Surprised	neutral
Really nice padding for protection .	padding	neutral
This is the all - new - greatest version in USB3 form .	USB3 form	neutral
I wish the cover latched .	cover	neutral
This works with any device I have with HDMI ( PS3 , cable box , projector ) and I have n't had any issue with a drop signal .	HDMI	neutral
The SSD - compatible Microsoft and Intel IDE / ATA ACHI Controller / drivers up to now have not been SSD - specific like the new driver is , and it works a TREAT !	SSD - compatible Microsoft	neutral
The SSD - compatible Microsoft and Intel IDE / ATA ACHI Controller / drivers up to now have not been SSD - specific like the new driver is , and it works a TREAT !	Intel IDE / ATA ACHI Controller / drivers	neutral
The SSD - compatible Microsoft and Intel IDE / ATA ACHI Controller / drivers up to now have not been SSD - specific like the new driver is , and it works a TREAT !	SSD	neutral
excellent screen , and more features than needed for less than half the price of an iPad or android based tablet .	screen	neutral
excellent screen , and more features than needed for less than half the price of an iPad or android based tablet .	features	neutral
excellent screen , and more features than needed for less than half the price of an iPad or android based tablet .	price	neutral
the installation can be tricky	installation	neutral
Certainly better than the speakers in the laptop ( MB and MBA ) , and quite small and portable .	speakers	neutral
But the big selling point really is the sound .	sound	neutral
The weight is also very impressive at 2 .	weight	neutral
The speakers , as some other reviews pointed out , do not seem to put out as much sound / volume as I thought it would .	speakers	neutral
The speakers , as some other reviews pointed out , do not seem to put out as much sound / volume as I thought it would .	volume	neutral
The smaller ditty bag is a good size to hold the charger and mouse I often carry .	charger	neutral
The smaller ditty bag is a good size to hold the charger and mouse I often carry .	mouse	neutral
I bought this power cord ( complete set ) several months ago and is still working beautifully .	power cord	neutral
Checked out my router , cable , drivers , called Samsung 6 times ( they are available 24x7 ) but were not really helpful , went to the Intel site and pulled the newest drivers since Samsung did not have them , rebooted many times and the connection lasted 10 minutes , 20 minutes , 5 minutes .....	drivers	neutral
Checked out my router , cable , drivers , called Samsung 6 times ( they are available 24x7 ) but were not really helpful , went to the Intel site and pulled the newest drivers since Samsung did not have them , rebooted many times and the connection lasted 10 minutes , 20 minutes , 5 minutes .....	drivers	neutral
Checked out my router , cable , drivers , called Samsung 6 times ( they are available 24x7 ) but were not really helpful , went to the Intel site and pulled the newest drivers since Samsung did not have them , rebooted many times and the connection lasted 10 minutes , 20 minutes , 5 minutes .....	connection	neutral
It could use more memory but since everyone should have an external hard drive anyway for backing up files , that 's not a huge problem .	memory	neutral
It could use more memory but since everyone should have an external hard drive anyway for backing up files , that 's not a huge problem .	external hard drive	neutral
The battery lasts about 5 hours which is pretty good for a laptop this size and speed .	battery	neutral
The battery lasts about 5 hours which is pretty good for a laptop this size and speed .	speed	neutral
It may or may not protect it because the jarring is likely what would damage the hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
These speakers are incredible .	speakers	neutral
has decent battery life and feels durable ... which is what you want on machines like this .	battery life	neutral
Our first battery wore out after 16 months and we were disappointed but considering the cost we were n't too surprised .	battery	neutral
Our first battery wore out after 16 months and we were disappointed but considering the cost we were n't too surprised .	cost	neutral
The reason I only give 3 stars is that the cables are somewhat unreliable .	cables	neutral
Turns them into a very inexpensive , but good quality multipurpose usb / lightning cable .	multipurpose	neutral
Turns them into a very inexpensive , but good quality multipurpose usb / lightning cable .	usb / lightning cable	neutral
The little stands on the bottom is weak but the keyboard cover and the case cover fits perfectly .	stands	neutral
The little stands on the bottom is weak but the keyboard cover and the case cover fits perfectly .	keyboard cover	neutral
The little stands on the bottom is weak but the keyboard cover and the case cover fits perfectly .	case cover	neutral
The rest of the time I just let it go to sleep , in between using the system at home and at work .	system	neutral
Does exactly what I needed - sends an HDMI signal wirelessly , with zero setup required beyond just plugging in power and HDMI , and letting the two devices discover each other .	HDMI signal	neutral
Does exactly what I needed - sends an HDMI signal wirelessly , with zero setup required beyond just plugging in power and HDMI , and letting the two devices discover each other .	setup	neutral
Does exactly what I needed - sends an HDMI signal wirelessly , with zero setup required beyond just plugging in power and HDMI , and letting the two devices discover each other .	power	neutral
Does exactly what I needed - sends an HDMI signal wirelessly , with zero setup required beyond just plugging in power and HDMI , and letting the two devices discover each other .	HDMI	neutral
My only gripe , and the reason I 'm taking away one star , is that the battery compartment was kind of a pain to open ... clearer instructions would 've been extremely helpful .	battery compartment	neutral
My only gripe , and the reason I 'm taking away one star , is that the battery compartment was kind of a pain to open ... clearer instructions would 've been extremely helpful .	instructions	neutral
And this feature is really , really important , especially if you do n't like charging multiple devices all the time , you know you can count on those extra hours if you get stuck somewhere in the boonies where you ca n't charge it .	feature	neutral
No issues to report , the build quality is typical of any cable .	build quality	neutral
Wired ( ethernet ) speed on a Windows 7 64 bit PC Comcast Internet on speedtest .	Wired ( ethernet ) speed	neutral
Wired ( ethernet ) speed on a Windows 7 64 bit PC Comcast Internet on speedtest .	Windows 7 64	neutral
Wired ( ethernet ) speed on a Windows 7 64 bit PC Comcast Internet on speedtest .	speedtest	neutral
Lenses - if you own your set of micro 4/3 lenses , great !	Lenses	neutral
Okay the price was the incentive here .	price	neutral
I am getting ready to replace two Dell desktops at my business and really did not want to go with Windows 8 since it 's more of a device / tablet operating system .	Windows 8	neutral
It works great !	works	neutral
Delivery was fast , Amazon usually is great at that .	Delivery	neutral
All in all and as so many others have posted here , this is an outstanding HDTV that not only has an incredible picture , but it also looks fantastic in my house .	picture	neutral
It is ipod type size and the push buttons are easy to get , although perhaps a touch sensitive .	push buttons	neutral
Also , the sound seems to disappear about 90 % when on A / C instead of battery .	sound	neutral
Another enclosure worked fine .	enclosure	neutral
I love the size , love the color and find it perfect to use at work .	size	neutral
I love the size , love the color and find it perfect to use at work .	color	neutral
These are cleverly packaged with a bass - reflex vent on a down and away sloping top , that is out of sight .	bass - reflex vent	neutral
I still do the majority of my work with the mouse and just switch to the pen for things that work better when using it .	mouse	neutral
I still do the majority of my work with the mouse and just switch to the pen for things that work better when using it .	pen	neutral
Installing the memory is easy - takes 5 minutes .	memory	neutral
Also , I 'd never buy a Sony DVD recorder due to Sony 's fanaticism about copy protection and recording TV programs .	DVD recorder	neutral
Storage is abundant , the security cable is well placed and the zipper pockets are large .	Storage	neutral
Storage is abundant , the security cable is well placed and the zipper pockets are large .	security cable	neutral
Storage is abundant , the security cable is well placed and the zipper pockets are large .	zipper pockets	neutral
As many other people have said , this product is a high quality speaker set in a small package that is for the most part easy and convenient to use .	use	neutral
It 's important to note that I currently do not have any HD input - just the standard cable signal and Wii via composite cables .	HD input	neutral
Material / padding is thinner than the 15 inch pack I had from the same manufacturer ( SYNERGY model I think ) .	Material	neutral
Material / padding is thinner than the 15 inch pack I had from the same manufacturer ( SYNERGY model I think ) .	padding	neutral
It weighed a ton , wobbled , an all around pain .	weighed	neutral
Laptops are used outdoors sometimes - and that means huge glares on a glossy screen .	screen	neutral
now , i can leave my ac adapter at home when i go to the coffee shops .	ac adapter	neutral
The only thing that I would change would be the zippers .	zippers	neutral
The old battery gave me around 3 hours , so while it is n't double , it does last longer .	battery	neutral
She says it works great , giving her back the original battery life she had with the original battery .	battery life	neutral
She says it works great , giving her back the original battery life she had with the original battery .	battery	neutral
This mic did the trick and provided good quality sound while limiting environmental noise ( as reported from my meeting partners ) .	mic	neutral
This mic did the trick and provided good quality sound while limiting environmental noise ( as reported from my meeting partners ) .	sound	neutral
However , I was very disappointed that the " back - side " of the bag is nylon -- the side shown in the picture that fits over the handle of a suitcase .	handle	neutral
i backed up all my info on a backup hard drive and guess what my laptop went our days later ... take god for the backup is had ...	hard drive	neutral
I can update my Windows as well	Windows	neutral
I 've read that we should n't expect much more in the way of price reductions this year , and I suspect that the sharp increase in oil prices and drop in the dollar may actually drive prices up for imported goods like this .	price	neutral
I 've read that we should n't expect much more in the way of price reductions this year , and I suspect that the sharp increase in oil prices and drop in the dollar may actually drive prices up for imported goods like this .	prices	neutral
Battery then showed no lights .	Battery	neutral
It only has a couple of large , general purpose pockets .	pockets	neutral
Works great for me .	Works	neutral
The adapter is very well designed and built .	adapter	neutral
The adapter is very well designed and built .	designed	neutral
The battery that came with my iBook was made in China .	battery	neutral
I bought this to connect to my OUYA , nice little keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
It seems like a good case if you 're rough with your Nook , but it 's ridiculously large if you 're going to throw it in a purse or backpack .	case	neutral
It came in handy , and for the price , I should have bought another one .	price	neutral
I did notice that when using the cooling pad that the battery life of the laptop dropped substantially so it was only really viable to use if / when the laptop is plugged into a charger .	cooling pad	neutral
I did notice that when using the cooling pad that the battery life of the laptop dropped substantially so it was only really viable to use if / when the laptop is plugged into a charger .	battery life	neutral
One more thing , if you have a sense of humor the " Instruction Manual " had some very amusing elements .	Instruction Manual	neutral
Obviously this battery works well for other models , and it may just be a fluke in the construction of this particular battery ( I see other reviews where the buyer had my same model laptop and no apparent issues inserting the battery ) .	battery	neutral
Obviously this battery works well for other models , and it may just be a fluke in the construction of this particular battery ( I see other reviews where the buyer had my same model laptop and no apparent issues inserting the battery ) .	construction	neutral
Obviously this battery works well for other models , and it may just be a fluke in the construction of this particular battery ( I see other reviews where the buyer had my same model laptop and no apparent issues inserting the battery ) .	battery	neutral
Obviously this battery works well for other models , and it may just be a fluke in the construction of this particular battery ( I see other reviews where the buyer had my same model laptop and no apparent issues inserting the battery ) .	battery	neutral
I would still recommend due to price and quick shipping .	price	neutral
I would still recommend due to price and quick shipping .	shipping	neutral
Running a speed test , at about 30 ft away , I only lost about 0 .	speed	neutral
I also was surprised at how well the FM radio works .	FM radio	neutral
I can not tell the difference in speed ; however , it is NOT good for playing games .	speed	neutral
I can not tell the difference in speed ; however , it is NOT good for playing games .	games	neutral
For the more adventurous souls out there , if you have a stand alone copy of windows vista , WIPE THE SYSTEM AND REINSTALL !	windows vista	neutral
For the more adventurous souls out there , if you have a stand alone copy of windows vista , WIPE THE SYSTEM AND REINSTALL !	SYSTEM	neutral
I just installed the Corsair Vengeance kit in the E420	Corsair Vengeance kit	neutral
I no longer use these speakers as I noticed it really does n't make the sound any louder if it is quiet .	speakers	neutral
I no longer use these speakers as I noticed it really does n't make the sound any louder if it is quiet .	sound	neutral
I move my laptop from my desk to my bedroom with the cooling pad , all within the space of my bedroom .	cooling pad	neutral
My wife wanted a case and stand for the tablet our grandson gave her for Christmas .	case	neutral
My wife wanted a case and stand for the tablet our grandson gave her for Christmas .	stand	neutral
The fit is perfect and it looks nice .	fit	neutral
The only take on this one though is that it is little overpriced IMO , it should be no more than $ 12 but that 's totally fine as long as it works completely fine especially for servers that do n't have their NIC supported by Linux , or those that need a lot of fiddling before getting it to work --&#62 ; having the server connected eases a lot of downloading / configuration and module 's installation references	NIC	neutral
The cost of cards has come WAY down .	cost of cards	neutral
I suppose it could be used for charging only , but you will still have to remove the ipod from any protective case .	charging	neutral
I have continued to compare and I can not find anything that can beat it for total overall value .	value	neutral
A new dialog box - Speaker Properties - opens up.-	dialog box	neutral
A new dialog box - Speaker Properties - opens up.-	Speaker Properties	neutral
The speakers are pretty loud and I am quite satisfied with the sound .	speakers	neutral
The speakers are pretty loud and I am quite satisfied with the sound .	sound	neutral
When the box was printed , the largest drives commonly available were 1 TB .	drives	neutral
This battery 's no exception , fits with no fuss !	battery	neutral
My suggestion is to get a graphics card that can support two monitors .	graphics card	neutral
My suggestion is to get a graphics card that can support two monitors .	monitors	neutral
Because of the different border , the front of the computer looks like it has a square on it .	border	neutral
Mouse is jumpy and cursor travels / roams when left stationary .	Mouse	neutral
There is both a handle and a shoulder carrying strap .	handle	neutral
There is both a handle and a shoulder carrying strap .	shoulder carrying strap	neutral
If you want to learn about improving Vista performance just do a Google search for " Vista tweaks .	Vista performance	neutral
If you want to learn about improving Vista performance just do a Google search for " Vista tweaks .	Vista tweaks	neutral
The good : I feel that the case does a good job at protecting my Retina MacBook Pro .	case	neutral
With this new battery , when the power is low enough for the screen to turn dark , the computer is off .	battery	neutral
With this new battery , when the power is low enough for the screen to turn dark , the computer is off .	power	neutral
With this new battery , when the power is low enough for the screen to turn dark , the computer is off .	screen	neutral
I do n't think a mouse would fit in there , though ...	mouse	neutral
I needed a mechanism that would keep my docked laptop displaying even when the company required 30 minutes without keyboard action came along , because I used the docked laptop to watch processes while desktop was where I worked .	mechanism	neutral
I needed a mechanism that would keep my docked laptop displaying even when the company required 30 minutes without keyboard action came along , because I used the docked laptop to watch processes while desktop was where I worked .	keyboard action	neutral
did I mention that I hated the keyboard?).Leading up to this purchase , I have gone through laptops in the past , most recently an Acer netbook ( which finally crapped out on me thus leading to this purchase ) , and an iPad mini with Bluetooth keyboard .	keyboard?).Leading	neutral
did I mention that I hated the keyboard?).Leading up to this purchase , I have gone through laptops in the past , most recently an Acer netbook ( which finally crapped out on me thus leading to this purchase ) , and an iPad mini with Bluetooth keyboard .	Bluetooth keyboard	neutral
so i came on amazon and put in the model number that was on my charger and this poped upso	charger	neutral
Although I have n't used it , it has a port	port	neutral
This is a nice case and keyboard for a fraction of the price of others .	case	neutral
This is a nice case and keyboard for a fraction of the price of others .	keyboard	neutral
This is a nice case and keyboard for a fraction of the price of others .	price	neutral
I still works flawlessly .	works	neutral
The cable is about 1/2 thickness of Kensington 's .	cable	neutral
But , to me , at this price , this is not big deal .	price	neutral
When I 've done step 6 and 7 the second time I 've had to choose the option to activate windows now and that worked fine .	windows	neutral
Edit : I should add that I have been vehemently opposed to buying Samsung products because of a bad experience with an expensive video camera and terrible customer service that left me with nothing , but the specs on this device still pulled me in .	video camera	neutral
Edit : I should add that I have been vehemently opposed to buying Samsung products because of a bad experience with an expensive video camera and terrible customer service that left me with nothing , but the specs on this device still pulled me in .	customer service	neutral
Edit : I should add that I have been vehemently opposed to buying Samsung products because of a bad experience with an expensive video camera and terrible customer service that left me with nothing , but the specs on this device still pulled me in .	specs	neutral
The extent to which I 've been able to recalibrate with built - in controls is limited though , so I still need to investigate options here .	built - in controls	neutral
I was trying to film a voice interview in Second Life but could n't get usable audio consistently .	audio	neutral
They suggest you could get 20 hours of playtime from a set of batteries .	playtime	neutral
They suggest you could get 20 hours of playtime from a set of batteries .	batteries	neutral
4 secure digital cards , 3 batteries for the D60 and its charger and cleaning supplies .	batteries	neutral
4 secure digital cards , 3 batteries for the D60 and its charger and cleaning supplies .	charger	neutral
4 secure digital cards , 3 batteries for the D60 and its charger and cleaning supplies .	cleaning supplies	neutral
The battery life is excellent as well and I agree with the other 4 reviews .	battery life	neutral
With just a dual core processor , I am surprised at its speed .	dual core processor	neutral
With just a dual core processor , I am surprised at its speed .	speed	neutral
rec'd product as described by the store owner but once tried it would n't accept sd or micro sd cards , the radio could n't hold stations and the speakers never played consistently .	sd	neutral
rec'd product as described by the store owner but once tried it would n't accept sd or micro sd cards , the radio could n't hold stations and the speakers never played consistently .	micro sd cards	neutral
rec'd product as described by the store owner but once tried it would n't accept sd or micro sd cards , the radio could n't hold stations and the speakers never played consistently .	speakers	neutral
If you need more volume , just slide the power button to ON and the sound fills a 17 ' x 15 ' room	volume	neutral
If you need more volume , just slide the power button to ON and the sound fills a 17 ' x 15 ' room	power button	neutral
If you need more volume , just slide the power button to ON and the sound fills a 17 ' x 15 ' room	sound	neutral
The cover latches very securely .	cover	neutral
I could of bought a generic laptop , loaded a striped down version of linux with just a browser ,	linux	neutral
Great Battery life , fast processor , great graphics , keyboard is sized right and the price is acceptable .	Battery life	neutral
Great Battery life , fast processor , great graphics , keyboard is sized right and the price is acceptable .	processor	neutral
Great Battery life , fast processor , great graphics , keyboard is sized right and the price is acceptable .	graphics	neutral
Great Battery life , fast processor , great graphics , keyboard is sized right and the price is acceptable .	keyboard	neutral
Great Battery life , fast processor , great graphics , keyboard is sized right and the price is acceptable .	price	neutral
Being a small camera , it should have a small bag with it .	bag	neutral
Screen is bright and very clear .	Screen	neutral
I 've had trouble with a couple phones on this cable because the tips are so bulky , so it ca n't get all the way in and the sound is n't as good .	tips	neutral
I 've had trouble with a couple phones on this cable because the tips are so bulky , so it ca n't get all the way in and the sound is n't as good .	sound	neutral
and you 'll have no problem with space .	space	neutral
After this dual layer DVD drives were introduced and then finally Blue Ray drives .	dual layer DVD drives	neutral
After this dual layer DVD drives were introduced and then finally Blue Ray drives .	Blue Ray drives	neutral
Since my replacement cable for the blown - up adapter was not long enough , I was looking for a longer power - cord for hotel stays .	power - cord	neutral
The case allowed me to place the iPad on my lap to type in both landscape and portrait positions , though it was a bit more unstable in the portrait configuration due to the fact that it became more top heavy .	case	neutral
The case allowed me to place the iPad on my lap to type in both landscape and portrait positions , though it was a bit more unstable in the portrait configuration due to the fact that it became more top heavy .	portrait configuration	neutral
After a few minutes of use , both the mouse and keyboard will stop working and I have to unplug the adapter from the USB port and plug it back in , which forces it to reestablish a connection with both devices .	mouse	neutral
After a few minutes of use , both the mouse and keyboard will stop working and I have to unplug the adapter from the USB port and plug it back in , which forces it to reestablish a connection with both devices .	keyboard	neutral
After a few minutes of use , both the mouse and keyboard will stop working and I have to unplug the adapter from the USB port and plug it back in , which forces it to reestablish a connection with both devices .	adapter	neutral
After a few minutes of use , both the mouse and keyboard will stop working and I have to unplug the adapter from the USB port and plug it back in , which forces it to reestablish a connection with both devices .	USB port	neutral
The plug adapters arrived on time and worked as expected .	plug adapters	neutral
- I tried out a variety of music from some Disney kids songs to some Pop Music to Excision Bass Heavy Dubstep ( the Destroid album ) , and the speaker handled everything I threw at it with no distortion and some pretty high volumes .	Bass	neutral
- I tried out a variety of music from some Disney kids songs to some Pop Music to Excision Bass Heavy Dubstep ( the Destroid album ) , and the speaker handled everything I threw at it with no distortion and some pretty high volumes .	speaker	neutral
Another great feature is the ability to turn on the backlight for use in a dark room .	feature	neutral
Another great feature is the ability to turn on the backlight for use in a dark room .	backlight	neutral
I was happy that this model was able to fit my old 60W MagSafe Power Adapter and my 85W MagSafe as well .	MagSafe Power Adapter	neutral
it 's thereCharging- Fully charges (	charges	neutral
I love the touch screen ability at such a modest price though I am a power keyboard user , and love the small light , though well built feel .	touch screen ability	neutral
I love the touch screen ability at such a modest price though I am a power keyboard user , and love the small light , though well built feel .	price	neutral
One thing that reduced my rating by one star is the length of the USB cable - it seems shorter than the average cable .	length of	neutral
One thing that reduced my rating by one star is the length of the USB cable - it seems shorter than the average cable .	USB cable	neutral
One thing that reduced my rating by one star is the length of the USB cable - it seems shorter than the average cable .	cable	neutral
It can be used as a ereader , is portable , and solid with a heavy rubberized case .	rubberized case	neutral
I definitely recommend Logitech and these great speakers .	speakers	neutral
Lightweight and easy to use .	use	neutral
They are lightweight and I find the batteries hold a decent charge .	batteries	neutral
They are lightweight and I find the batteries hold a decent charge .	charge	neutral
All of these drives worked perfect .	drives	neutral
Also , the bottom cover has a lip that extends about 1 mm above the edge of the actual MacBook Pro edge , and it 's a little uncomfortable for my wrists , so I do n't keep it on for longer typing sessions .	bottom cover	neutral
some people have to turn off bluetooth to get wifi to connect-	bluetooth	neutral
some people have to turn off bluetooth to get wifi to connect-	wifi	neutral
The touchscreen is great when you need to scroll pages .	touchscreen	neutral
The bag is sturdy but definately not waterproof ( there is an opening in the back to allow for the monitor base ) but it is better than carrying the monitor in the box it came in !	monitor base	neutral
It works very well in my car because the coil keeps it easy to manage while providing the ability to stretch as needed .	coil	neutral
For being so inexpensive , I really was n't expecting much , but this little mouse has really impressed me .	mouse	neutral
Fortunately , you can find U3 uninstall programs online by googling " U3 Launchpad uninstall " , or otherwise go here for the company 's official solution :	U3 uninstall programs	neutral
Fortunately , you can find U3 uninstall programs online by googling " U3 Launchpad uninstall " , or otherwise go here for the company 's official solution :	U3 Launchpad uninstall	neutral
- I paid $ 629 plus sales tax from amazon .	sales	neutral
Your hand will not cover the microphone .	microphone	neutral
It keep my tablet upright and charging which is great	charging	neutral
Gets of internet quick so far .opens mail and shows Netflix movies very good .	internet	neutral
My hopes were to plug it in from my 12V in the trunk and run the plug to the center counsel .	plug	neutral
I 'm not an expert , but as far as I can tell , the monitor looks great , games look amazing , colors are accurate and saturation is on point .	monitor	neutral
I 'm not an expert , but as far as I can tell , the monitor looks great , games look amazing , colors are accurate and saturation is on point .	games	neutral
I 'm not an expert , but as far as I can tell , the monitor looks great , games look amazing , colors are accurate and saturation is on point .	colors	neutral
Though keep in mind if you put these things in this laptop the warranty is void because you have to remove and re - glue the MSata SSD mount to support the longer drive , and before you even begin to modify the thing you must update the bios so you can put your own windows on it .	warranty	neutral
Though keep in mind if you put these things in this laptop the warranty is void because you have to remove and re - glue the MSata SSD mount to support the longer drive , and before you even begin to modify the thing you must update the bios so you can put your own windows on it .	MSata SSD mount	neutral
Though keep in mind if you put these things in this laptop the warranty is void because you have to remove and re - glue the MSata SSD mount to support the longer drive , and before you even begin to modify the thing you must update the bios so you can put your own windows on it .	drive	neutral
Though keep in mind if you put these things in this laptop the warranty is void because you have to remove and re - glue the MSata SSD mount to support the longer drive , and before you even begin to modify the thing you must update the bios so you can put your own windows on it .	bios	neutral
Compared to MacBook Pro Classic or even the MacBook Air , the keys on the MacBook Pro Retina does n't push down as low .	keys	neutral
The handle is actually very similar in construction to cases costing 4x this .	handle	neutral
The handle is actually very similar in construction to cases costing 4x this .	construction	neutral
The laptop is running faster now .	running	neutral
The top fits on fine and is satisfactory .	top	neutral
Rubberized case fits great and looks great .	Rubberized case	neutral
You can also put a light jacket in the bungee cord area or a bottle of water .	bungee cord	neutral
I am using this as a second monitor .	monitor	neutral
The front pocket makes it easy to keep a pad of paper or similar items easily accessible .	front pocket	neutral
In a nut - shell , it doubles my wifi speed .	wifi speed	neutral
Just a note : I originally bought the 2 gig version but returned it to upgrade to this one .	2 gig	neutral
The keyboard came quickly and arrived unbroken and well packaged .	keyboard	neutral
I can deal with the weight because it 's a lot lighter than my text books .	weight	neutral
Otherwise , you may consider the Linksys w / speedboast .	Linksys w /	neutral
Otherwise , you may consider the Linksys w / speedboast .	speedboast	neutral
OK , this is going to be a real test of the product , ( repair services ) .	repair services	neutral
That same intel connection utility installed fine on a second PC from a different manufacturer , also running Windows 8 .	intel connection utility	neutral
That same intel connection utility installed fine on a second PC from a different manufacturer , also running Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
While the idea a detachable keyboard on a tablet is great , the additional battery life did n't happen .	battery life	neutral
Tried it with the USB power cord - nothing , no status light , no sound , nothing !	USB power cord	neutral
Tried it with the USB power cord - nothing , no status light , no sound , nothing !	status	neutral
Tried it with the USB power cord - nothing , no status light , no sound , nothing !	sound	neutral
More annoyingly , it is harder to double - click without readjusting your hand , because your fingertips reach all the way over the mouse .	mouse	neutral
It was pretty easy to set up -- have an odd ' test ' page that prints sometimes , but that could always be due to something else and not the cable .	set up	neutral
It was pretty easy to set up -- have an odd ' test ' page that prints sometimes , but that could always be due to something else and not the cable .	cable	neutral
Once on , the tablet start displaying some very nice looking LED light	LED light	neutral
, the price is right , and I 've never had to call some English - as - a - second - language tech support to get it to work !	price	neutral
, the price is right , and I 've never had to call some English - as - a - second - language tech support to get it to work !	tech support	neutral
It is a nice feature , but it is a hassle for larger notebooksThe computer compartment is well padded and will protect its contents .	feature	neutral
drive.)However , if you want to change or modify something yourself , Linux is a pain in the neck .	drive.)However	neutral
drive.)However , if you want to change or modify something yourself , Linux is a pain in the neck .	Linux	neutral
The DVD picture quality is wonderful too .	DVD picture quality	neutral
I 'm using WINDOWS 7 and it was a smooth transition .	WINDOWS 7	neutral
The light is not bright at all ( which I prefer ) .	light	neutral
The file was copied from an internally mounted Seagate 1 . 5 TB drive to the dock mounted 1 . 5 TB drive and then back .	Seagate	neutral
The file was copied from an internally mounted Seagate 1 . 5 TB drive to the dock mounted 1 . 5 TB drive and then back .	1 . 5 TB drive	neutral
The file was copied from an internally mounted Seagate 1 . 5 TB drive to the dock mounted 1 . 5 TB drive and then back .	dock mounted	neutral
I am not using this webcam for the same reason that most people probably do .	webcam	neutral
This SD card is a nice idea , but it does n't write fast enough to take rapid sequence photos on a Canon T4i , so the functionality of this in the camera is limited to one shot at a time .	SD card	neutral
This SD card is a nice idea , but it does n't write fast enough to take rapid sequence photos on a Canon T4i , so the functionality of this in the camera is limited to one shot at a time .	functionality	neutral
( You have wireless Ethernet , of course).Of	wireless Ethernet	neutral
I love the size of the screen and the large hard drive .	screen	neutral
I love the size of the screen and the large hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
I am using this with a Mac , and it works well .	works	neutral
Do you have a device , like a phone , that wo n't fast charge unless it sees the data pins are shorted ?	charge	neutral
Do you have a device , like a phone , that wo n't fast charge unless it sees the data pins are shorted ?	data pins	neutral
Honestly , if anyone writes that bass quality is an individual taste , and writes that this TV has " just fine " bass , DO NOT BELIEVE THEM .	bass quality	neutral
Honestly , if anyone writes that bass quality is an individual taste , and writes that this TV has " just fine " bass , DO NOT BELIEVE THEM .	bass	neutral
This is an obviously high quality cable .	cable	neutral
It has a nice loudness and depth for its size , with good treble / bass balance and volume control .	loudness	neutral
It has a nice loudness and depth for its size , with good treble / bass balance and volume control .	depth	neutral
It has a nice loudness and depth for its size , with good treble / bass balance and volume control .	size	neutral
It has a nice loudness and depth for its size , with good treble / bass balance and volume control .	treble /	neutral
It has a nice loudness and depth for its size , with good treble / bass balance and volume control .	bass balance	neutral
It has a nice loudness and depth for its size , with good treble / bass balance and volume control .	volume control	neutral
The wheel stuck and now I can not scroll .	wheel	neutral
If I have to switch batteries in a hurry or switch to the extended , it can be irritating .	batteries	neutral
If I have to switch batteries in a hurry or switch to the extended , it can be irritating .	extended	neutral
The two card readers are a convenience even with the 160 GB hard drive .	two card readers	neutral
The two card readers are a convenience even with the 160 GB hard drive .	160 GB hard drive	neutral
and the price was right for this product .	price	neutral
It would be nice if Samsung made it easy to upgrade to the latest Android OS ...	Android OS	neutral
and it 'll connect to your device as long as you have the device 's bluetooth on .	bluetooth	neutral
Does n't have the same " click " as the original keyboard , but I would not have noticed if my son had n't mentioned it .	click	neutral
Does n't have the same " click " as the original keyboard , but I would not have noticed if my son had n't mentioned it .	keyboard	neutral
3.- A bright , clear screen with HD resolution for a very nice movie viewing experience.- Seperate numberpad area is rarely found on laptops of this size.- Adequate hard drive space .	screen	neutral
3.- A bright , clear screen with HD resolution for a very nice movie viewing experience.- Seperate numberpad area is rarely found on laptops of this size.- Adequate hard drive space .	HD resolution	neutral
3.- A bright , clear screen with HD resolution for a very nice movie viewing experience.- Seperate numberpad area is rarely found on laptops of this size.- Adequate hard drive space .	numberpad area	neutral
3.- A bright , clear screen with HD resolution for a very nice movie viewing experience.- Seperate numberpad area is rarely found on laptops of this size.- Adequate hard drive space .	hard drive space	neutral
For those who are curious about whether it works with Linux based operating systems such as ( K ) Ubuntu or not , here are instructions on how to get it going .	Linux	neutral
For those who are curious about whether it works with Linux based operating systems such as ( K ) Ubuntu or not , here are instructions on how to get it going .	operating systems	neutral
For those who are curious about whether it works with Linux based operating systems such as ( K ) Ubuntu or not , here are instructions on how to get it going .	Ubuntu	neutral
Shipping was super fast .	Shipping	neutral
so that 's a major plus , and it does n't add much height to the laptop .	height	neutral
They do have a 90 watt adapter which is what I would suggest getting .	90 watt adapter	neutral
After removing a couple screws , I used an old credit card to very carefully remove the keyboard ( start on the right edge , and gently work the credit card all the way around ) .	keyboard	neutral
so you need to buy some conversion software - which one you get .	conversion software	neutral
I then plugged in each charger and recorded the charge time each took .	charger	neutral
I then plugged in each charger and recorded the charge time each took .	charge time	neutral
The pictures are crisp and vibrant , the sound excellent .	pictures	neutral
The pictures are crisp and vibrant , the sound excellent .	sound	neutral
Granted , I 'm not a Windows user , but this was easy to set up on my iMac .	Windows	neutral
Granted , I 'm not a Windows user , but this was easy to set up on my iMac .	set up	neutral
Prior to that I use to use one of Energizer 's $ 30 chargers , but switched because I thought that the charger was the only problem .	chargers	neutral
Prior to that I use to use one of Energizer 's $ 30 chargers , but switched because I thought that the charger was the only problem .	charger	neutral
The 650 series is the sweet spot of Samsung TV 's because it has the same great picture quality of the higher models but with a lower price but blows away the lower models in picture quality .	picture quality	neutral
The 650 series is the sweet spot of Samsung TV 's because it has the same great picture quality of the higher models but with a lower price but blows away the lower models in picture quality .	price	neutral
The 650 series is the sweet spot of Samsung TV 's because it has the same great picture quality of the higher models but with a lower price but blows away the lower models in picture quality .	picture quality	neutral
Not a big deal for the price if you ask me .	price	neutral
Just installed the driver from the CD and plug it in .	driver	neutral
Better audio system , 5 USB vs 4 USB ,	audio system	neutral
Better audio system , 5 USB vs 4 USB ,	USB	neutral
Micro fiber cloth not really needed .	Micro fiber cloth	neutral
key board and internal speakers are an issue .	key board	neutral
key board and internal speakers are an issue .	internal speakers	neutral
The only negatives are minor : I wish the screen was matte like the CR48 , instead of glossy .	screen	neutral
The straps dig into her shoulder when it is weighted down .	straps	neutral
Bought it for Dell E1505 Laptop and using dell original battery charger .	battery charger	neutral
I 've been using my new battery for about a month and my laptop can remain on for 3 - 4 hours without needing to be charged ; it 's great !	battery	neutral
I really dislike leaving low ratings on inexpensive equipment , but I have to be honest on this keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
This particular Spec production is great .	Spec production	neutral
Good quality for the money .	quality	neutral
If you are okay with small bubbles mostly caused by miniscule trapped dust particles , this anti - glare screen works pretty well .	screen	neutral
It does not allow you to use the microphone from your smartphone headset .	microphone	neutral
What would have made it worthwhile would have been the inclusion of a car adapter instead of the PS - finding a 12VDC adapter for my car turned out to be more difficult than I expected , though I did succeed ( on Amazon of course ) .	car adapter	neutral
What would have made it worthwhile would have been the inclusion of a car adapter instead of the PS - finding a 12VDC adapter for my car turned out to be more difficult than I expected , though I did succeed ( on Amazon of course ) .	12VDC adapter	neutral
but so is the rest of the mouse	mouse	neutral
Bought this product as it was going at a very competitive price .	price	neutral
Next is the main storage compaartment which has a full wrap around zipper .	storage compaartment	neutral
Next is the main storage compaartment which has a full wrap around zipper .	zipper	neutral
I tried updating the firmware and even flashing it to Tomato .	firmware	neutral
The standard 1 GB memory included appears to work fine .	1 GB memory	neutral
However , it comes with several preconfigured settings ; graphics setting brightened up the screen considerably over the mode for text reading .	graphics setting	neutral
However , it comes with several preconfigured settings ; graphics setting brightened up the screen considerably over the mode for text reading .	screen	neutral
The Receiver shows your position in real time on street - level maps and moves with you as you travel , so you can view your current location in relation to your destination .	Receiver	neutral
I bought this card reader in Feb. 2004 to use with SD cards .	card reader	neutral
I bought this card reader in Feb. 2004 to use with SD cards .	SD cards	neutral
Very solid build .	build	neutral
I tried to connect it to a Belkin wireless usb stick I had	Belkin wireless usb stick	neutral
Why pay $ 20 - 30 for one of these - this one works just fine , and the price is terrific !	price	neutral
Not a ding against the case though .	case	neutral
If that had been the cost , would have bought 6 or more .	cost	neutral
When not on the road , I remove the battery and run on AC power , in order to prolong the battery 's lifespan ( heat deteriorates the cells ) .	battery	neutral
When not on the road , I remove the battery and run on AC power , in order to prolong the battery 's lifespan ( heat deteriorates the cells ) .	AC power	neutral
When not on the road , I remove the battery and run on AC power , in order to prolong the battery 's lifespan ( heat deteriorates the cells ) .	battery	neutral
The Thunderbolt port is a revolution , as it works for displays , drives , etc .	Thunderbolt port	neutral
No software conflicts -- pure plug and play .	software	neutral
I think hdd failure is an " expected " event : can happen at any time to any hdd ...	hdd	neutral
the back is padded and sectioned , and the straps are nice and chubby .	back	neutral
the back is padded and sectioned , and the straps are nice and chubby .	straps	neutral
The integral graphics card is supposed to be pretty good	integral graphics card	neutral
I stream pandora from my phone to the aux input on the factory radio .	aux input	neutral
The gel that they use for the cover is MUCH thinner so it does n't feel so awkward at first	gel	neutral
The gel that they use for the cover is MUCH thinner so it does n't feel so awkward at first	cover	neutral
It is a great size , retractable , and convenient for travel .	size	neutral
Although none of the numbers on the battery itself matched those for my notebook , it fit just like the original battery , arrived nearly fully charged , and works great .	battery	neutral
Although none of the numbers on the battery itself matched those for my notebook , it fit just like the original battery , arrived nearly fully charged , and works great .	battery	neutral
What stands out the most to me is the midrange , then the highs ( treble ) then the lows ( base ) in that order .	midrange	neutral
What stands out the most to me is the midrange , then the highs ( treble ) then the lows ( base ) in that order .	base	neutral
Other Netbook keyboards I liked	keyboards	neutral
Well worth the premium price tag .	price tag	neutral
The arrangement of the keys on the remote control differ from all the other remotes I own ; nothing new here .	keys	neutral
The arrangement of the keys on the remote control differ from all the other remotes I own ; nothing new here .	remote control	neutral
The arrangement of the keys on the remote control differ from all the other remotes I own ; nothing new here .	remotes	neutral
Besides , if it had any more padding , you would have to sacrifice usable volume .	padding	neutral
Besides , if it had any more padding , you would have to sacrifice usable volume .	volume	neutral
If you do not care about style and just want a simple and useful sleeve for your 13inch labtop than this will do .	style	neutral
If you do not care about style and just want a simple and useful sleeve for your 13inch labtop than this will do .	sleeve	neutral
If you are going to the local coffee shop and do not need an external mouse or power cord , then this could serve as a carrying case .	external mouse	neutral
If you are going to the local coffee shop and do not need an external mouse or power cord , then this could serve as a carrying case .	power cord	neutral
Wellll , maybe the lack of blueray if that 's your thing , but then again , the screen is 720p .	blueray	neutral
Wellll , maybe the lack of blueray if that 's your thing , but then again , the screen is 720p .	screen	neutral
I know this is for a phone , but it works excellent with the Tritton AX Pro Gaming Headset .	Tritton AX	neutral
A technician came out but said the problem was unfixable , so it had to be replaced .	technician	neutral
This USB light serves its purpose .	USB light	neutral
Charging the laptop while it is off it does n't get too warm .	Charging	neutral
I do n't doubt Apple 's 7 hour estimate for web browsing .	web browsing	neutral
Transcend 4 gb cards which work ok .	Transcend	neutral
Transcend 4 gb cards which work ok .	4 gb cards	neutral
The keys feel fantastic and are well spaced for touch typing .	keys	neutral
This new laptop that I now call my " Gaming Laptop " passes the test .	Gaming	neutral
The ' normal ' desktop still uses touch and swipe but naturally the older applications do n't recognize it .	touch	neutral
The ' normal ' desktop still uses touch and swipe but naturally the older applications do n't recognize it .	swipe	neutral
The ' normal ' desktop still uses touch and swipe but naturally the older applications do n't recognize it .	applications	neutral
Make sure all drivers are up to date .	drivers	neutral
It is physically comfortable to use with very little fatigue over longer gaming sessions .	use	neutral
It is physically comfortable to use with very little fatigue over longer gaming sessions .	gaming	neutral
It is padded with a rubberized back surface - but not " pre - curved " in any direction .	back surface	neutral
Windows 7 works very well .	Windows 7	neutral
In the end the battery worked fine for almost a year , keep that in mind when thinking of what battery you want to order .	battery	neutral
In the end the battery worked fine for almost a year , keep that in mind when thinking of what battery you want to order .	battery	neutral
The driver included with the Ubuntu distro ultimately did work , which is good .	driver	neutral
The driver included with the Ubuntu distro ultimately did work , which is good .	Ubuntu distro	neutral
Noticed one of the prongs was bent .	prongs	neutral
Very comfortable on shoulder .	shoulder	neutral
really tough to handle , lots of bubbles .	handle	neutral
If you can wait this might be the way to go.- I worry about the long term stability of the hard drive .	stability	neutral
If you can wait this might be the way to go.- I worry about the long term stability of the hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
I tended to think all these small widgets coming out of china should be the same , but bluetooth adaptors have demonstrated otherwise .	bluetooth adaptors	neutral
Same goes for wallets and the like --- it 's annoying to to unzip the front compartment to get at the pockets .	front compartment	neutral
Same goes for wallets and the like --- it 's annoying to to unzip the front compartment to get at the pockets .	pockets	neutral
If you want to put these in a bedroom , plan on having your entire room glow blue , or put the sub woofer in a convenient position .	sub woofer	neutral
So we both deal with the fact that the wifi card in this computer is rather cheap and troublesome .	wifi card	neutral
In fact , I actually like the keyboard , even though I did not get a netbook with the intention to use it for much typing .	keyboard	neutral
Upgrading to 1 TB and the Hybrid drive made a huge difference .	Hybrid drive	neutral
Of course it does n't replace larger more expensive speakers , but for basic everyday use , they are quite practical .	speakers	neutral
The Bluetooth dongle shipped fast and was easy to install , I was worried about the speed of the older version but since Bluetooth is short range that has n't been an issue .	speed	neutral
The Bluetooth dongle shipped fast and was easy to install , I was worried about the speed of the older version but since Bluetooth is short range that has n't been an issue .	Bluetooth	neutral
Also the quality is n't the greatest .	quality	neutral
Case Logic 's website assured me that this 16 " attache would be big enough for my Sony Vaio VGN - FW with a 16 . 4 " screen .	16 " attache	neutral
Case Logic 's website assured me that this 16 " attache would be big enough for my Sony Vaio VGN - FW with a 16 . 4 " screen .	16 . 4 " screen	neutral
Delivery was in 4 days - right into my family room .	Delivery	neutral
This makes it compatible with just about anything with Bluetooth capabilities - phone , tablet , netbook and even a Bluetooth equipped PC .	Bluetooth capabilities	neutral
This makes it compatible with just about anything with Bluetooth capabilities - phone , tablet , netbook and even a Bluetooth equipped PC .	Bluetooth	neutral
It 's the only thing that 's adjustable , but it does exist.-I got the impression from the description that this came with an mp3 player cradle .	mp3 player cradle	neutral
Perfect size case for my Ipad since I got a Bluetooth Wireless Keyboard 360 Degrees Rotate Sliding Cover Case .	size	neutral
Perfect size case for my Ipad since I got a Bluetooth Wireless Keyboard 360 Degrees Rotate Sliding Cover Case .	Sliding Cover Case	neutral
It is the thinnest case I 've ever had for a Macbook air , but at the same time it was n't quite as svelte as I expected from the description of " ultra - thin".Having no zipper is great .	case	neutral
It is the thinnest case I 've ever had for a Macbook air , but at the same time it was n't quite as svelte as I expected from the description of " ultra - thin".Having no zipper is great .	zipper	neutral
So use YCbCr444 mode .	YCbCr444 mode	neutral
I still use the REI laptop sleeve instead of the rigid sleeve that comes with the bag , mainly because I like it better and it fits in the bag perfectly .	sleeve	neutral
Only the face is plastic , so it will stay where you put it .	face	neutral
I could find south of the $ 500 price point .	price point	neutral
This is larger than the mini optical mouse shown in the website .	mini optical mouse	neutral
My favorite mode is display mode when use it in bed .	display mode	neutral
In each case the cord came unplugged from the computer ( as it is designed to do ) without pulling the machine down with it .	cord	neutral
No heat problems or other issues .	heat	neutral
I had to keep reviewing how my keys are mapped and where my fingers are .	keys	neutral
ConclusionThis is a great work Ultrabook with a comfort of touchscreen when you want & a comfort of keyboard when needed .	touchscreen	neutral
ConclusionThis is a great work Ultrabook with a comfort of touchscreen when you want & a comfort of keyboard when needed .	keyboard	neutral
Simple one - button to activate " ECO Mode	ECO Mode	neutral
Good looks and works well .	looks	neutral
Good looks and works well .	works	neutral
it seems these memory cards either work slow or something is wrong with them .	memory cards	neutral
With the laptop sitting on the cooler , the center part of the bottom would get pushed up when set on the mattress , which then touches the spinning fan creating unberable noise ...	spinning fan	neutral
There are a lot of haters on this thing and it is not exactly bombproof or terribly well - made , but I have serious wrist and shoulder problems and I use my big TV screen as my monitor and the mouse is like a remote control for me and this is exactly what I was looking for .	mouse	neutral
Because of the overlapping nature of Wifi channels , you should never use any channel other than 1 , 6 , or 11 anyway .	Wifi channels	neutral
It can double boot Ubuntu from [ ... ] , if you are willing to put in some time and get the sound to work ( I did ) .	Ubuntu	neutral
It can double boot Ubuntu from [ ... ] , if you are willing to put in some time and get the sound to work ( I did ) .	sound	neutral
HDMI transmitter is powered through a mini usb port , which I was able to power using a general USB wall brick from an old cell phone .	HDMI transmitter	neutral
HDMI transmitter is powered through a mini usb port , which I was able to power using a general USB wall brick from an old cell phone .	USB wall brick	neutral
This is definitely not a good cooling fan for a laptop !	cooling fan	neutral
I am using Windows 7 64-bit and it really could n't have been simpler to install and use .	Windows 7 64-bit	neutral
I appreciate Win 7 being on it , and a full fledged version of it .	Win 7	neutral
I really like the Google app called " X New Tab Page " to customize my home screen , making all my favorite apps , extensions , web pages etc easy to find and re - arrange ( you can even upload your own images to the icon buttons ) --	Google app	neutral
I really like the Google app called " X New Tab Page " to customize my home screen , making all my favorite apps , extensions , web pages etc easy to find and re - arrange ( you can even upload your own images to the icon buttons ) --	apps	neutral
NOTE : do not plug into a surge protector it does not work as well .	surge protector	neutral
In summary , the E5 can make your headphones sound a bit more attractive , if you have the right " taste " and happen to have a set of compatible headphones .	E5	neutral
so on , the battery lasts almos 5 hours and the cooling system is decent but no so efficient when you are unplugged from the electricity	battery	neutral
so on , the battery lasts almos 5 hours and the cooling system is decent but no so efficient when you are unplugged from the electricity	cooling system	neutral
The price was great , and I received the product without delay and boy was it beautiful .	price	neutral
On this bag , the strap is up high , almost at shoulder level .	strap	neutral
When I received an offer from Accessorise to receive an evaluation unit of their mini speaker for review purposes I was eager to compare it with the other speakers I recently evaluated .	speakers	neutral
No issues with the monitor as a result .	monitor	neutral
so there 's less chance of it being knocked overFor Dish Network users - easy to use with the on screen menus	use	neutral
I 'll be happy if this power lasts that long , but looking at other reviews , I may not get more than a year out of it .	power	neutral
If you are looking to not spend a pretty penny on a nice leather case then I would go for this case .	leather case	neutral
Now it shows a full charge , but when the laptop is operated on battery for a few minutes , the whole machine shuts down without warning and will not come back on until plugged in to the adapter .	charge	neutral
Now it shows a full charge , but when the laptop is operated on battery for a few minutes , the whole machine shuts down without warning and will not come back on until plugged in to the adapter .	battery	neutral
Now it shows a full charge , but when the laptop is operated on battery for a few minutes , the whole machine shuts down without warning and will not come back on until plugged in to the adapter .	adapter	neutral
this laptop fitted here plenty of room and cushioned by the padding inserts .	padding inserts	neutral
I responded that I chose to utilize the 90-day service and if all goes well , this could be a consideration .	90-day service	neutral
plus no cables involved only bluetooth which is an advantage	cables	neutral
plus no cables involved only bluetooth which is an advantage	bluetooth	neutral
The sound from my neighbors setup was full , rich , tight smack you in the chest base .	sound	neutral
It fits two 17 inch laptops and two Shon Harris CISSP books in it and room for power adapter and a few ties above the books .	power adapter	neutral
All that I can say is that I did not expect a side - effect of a splitter being that the two output sources would have a buzzing sound .	splitter	neutral
All that I can say is that I did not expect a side - effect of a splitter being that the two output sources would have a buzzing sound .	output sources	neutral
The stand however does n't play well with cases .	stand	neutral
Very pleased with this keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Since I wrote this review the whole connector bit has come apart , I have barely used it	connector bit	neutral
Great picture , nearly perfect ...	picture	neutral
So the case must be doing something right !	case	neutral
For backup , I am just copying the folders I care about most to this portable safe , as a quick way to save work performed between my full and incremental hard drive backups ( which go to an external hard drive).The drive itself has performed perfectly , and I have upgraded to the 4 GB version.-----I have not had any trouble with the U3 on my two XP machines and one Win2k machine , although one friend 's old Win2k ( or was it 98 ? )	hard drive backups	neutral
For backup , I am just copying the folders I care about most to this portable safe , as a quick way to save work performed between my full and incremental hard drive backups ( which go to an external hard drive).The drive itself has performed perfectly , and I have upgraded to the 4 GB version.-----I have not had any trouble with the U3 on my two XP machines and one Win2k machine , although one friend 's old Win2k ( or was it 98 ? )	drive	neutral
For backup , I am just copying the folders I care about most to this portable safe , as a quick way to save work performed between my full and incremental hard drive backups ( which go to an external hard drive).The drive itself has performed perfectly , and I have upgraded to the 4 GB version.-----I have not had any trouble with the U3 on my two XP machines and one Win2k machine , although one friend 's old Win2k ( or was it 98 ? )	4 GB	neutral
For backup , I am just copying the folders I care about most to this portable safe , as a quick way to save work performed between my full and incremental hard drive backups ( which go to an external hard drive).The drive itself has performed perfectly , and I have upgraded to the 4 GB version.-----I have not had any trouble with the U3 on my two XP machines and one Win2k machine , although one friend 's old Win2k ( or was it 98 ? )	Win2k	neutral
I 've have a collection of dead mice due to the dongle breaking because of this .	dongle	neutral
so I ca n't use all its features .	features	neutral
Transfer speed on it is very good .	Transfer speed	neutral
Very poor power supply .	power supply	neutral
I then re - installed the original Apple memory and re - ran the tests .	Apple memory	neutral
Found out ( using search engines ) that it is a production issue caused by the bottom lamp .	bottom lamp	neutral
it 's sleek , great to hold , beautiful to look at ( screen quality ) and offers really strong performance .	look	neutral
it 's sleek , great to hold , beautiful to look at ( screen quality ) and offers really strong performance .	screen quality	neutral
it 's sleek , great to hold , beautiful to look at ( screen quality ) and offers really strong performance .	performance	neutral
As stated , some combinations of three keys ( like Shift , Z , and X ) do not register on this laptop .	keys	neutral
I agree with other reviewers that having an ungrounded transformer that accommodates grounded plugs seems a bad idea .	transformer	neutral
I agree with other reviewers that having an ungrounded transformer that accommodates grounded plugs seems a bad idea .	grounded plugs	neutral
After that , the operation became intermittent and shortly afterwards it crapped out completely .	operation	neutral
, so we have to say that you bought the wrong products , pls kindly contact Amazon Service Support for refund directly , because our order is fulfilled by Amazon , any other question pls feel free to contact us .	Amazon Service Support	neutral
Love the Samsung Chrome Book , It;s easy to use and light weight !	use	neutral
The trackpad is close to worthless .	trackpad	neutral
The construction seemed fine and the backpack seemed ok when full .	construction	neutral
There are instructions you can find to disable Turbo Boost or you can use a program called ThrottleStop .	Turbo Boost	neutral
There are instructions you can find to disable Turbo Boost or you can use a program called ThrottleStop .	program	neutral
There are instructions you can find to disable Turbo Boost or you can use a program called ThrottleStop .	ThrottleStop	neutral
The original battery gave me maybe 2 hours .	battery	neutral
No extra engineering would have had to happen - it 's just a piece of plastic with a bunch of extra space between itself and the " guts " of the device .	engineering	neutral
The netbook can run over 10 hours even with USB accessories plugged in .	USB accessories	neutral
I also use mine as a GPS display with MS Streets & Trips and as a dashboard via an OBD - II bluetooth interface .	GPS display	neutral
I 've read early articles about Windows 8 . 1 , and it does n't appear that Microsoft has gotten the message .	Windows 8 . 1	neutral
I also like the larger hard drive and chip set .	hard drive	neutral
I also like the larger hard drive and chip set .	chip set	neutral
I 'd easily give it 5 if there was room INSIDE for this short cable .	cable	neutral
( Dual N - protocol ) it will have an occasional drop outs .	N - protocol	neutral
It also is light weight and the fankeeps it cool .	fankeeps	neutral
I did get some error when I tried to install Itune , it said something about a missing DLL , I have not got time to troubleshoot .	DLL	neutral
At max volume it cuts the battery life down considerably but it still last 3 or 4 hours .	battery life	neutral
It serves as a stand while it is attached .	stand	neutral
so this is always a good buy and the quality of this cable and both connectors on each end are quite firm .	quality	neutral
so this is always a good buy and the quality of this cable and both connectors on each end are quite firm .	cable	neutral
so this is always a good buy and the quality of this cable and both connectors on each end are quite firm .	connectors	neutral
and I can also connect to the Internet via a wired modem connection , 4 G or 3 G service via USB , or the pass - thru method mentioned above .	wired modem connection	neutral
This works perfectly with the computer and it is a short but sturdy adapter .	adapter	neutral
First it did n't hold a charge for as long , then it needed to be plugged in to work , then it would n't even work while plugged in .	charge	neutral
My only negative remark would be that the bottom of the laptop compartment is weak on padding , which most of these types of bags have .	bottom of the laptop compartment	neutral
My only negative remark would be that the bottom of the laptop compartment is weak on padding , which most of these types of bags have .	padding	neutral
Viva Linux and OpenOffice !	Linux	neutral
Viva Linux and OpenOffice !	OpenOffice	neutral
4 " widescreen.- Cushions inside the laptop compartment can be adjusted to fit smaller laptops.- Full - size dual file folder storage compartment.- Zippered ' workstation ' with lots of pockets , some padded , most with Velcro locks , for various items , business cards , keys.- Removable accessory pouch.- One ' secret ' zipped and one open pocket on the outside.- Removable shoulder strap.- Black fabric , gunmetal grey zipper hardware.- Made in China .	dual file folder storage compartment.-	neutral
4 " widescreen.- Cushions inside the laptop compartment can be adjusted to fit smaller laptops.- Full - size dual file folder storage compartment.- Zippered ' workstation ' with lots of pockets , some padded , most with Velcro locks , for various items , business cards , keys.- Removable accessory pouch.- One ' secret ' zipped and one open pocket on the outside.- Removable shoulder strap.- Black fabric , gunmetal grey zipper hardware.- Made in China .	accessory pouch.-	neutral
4 " widescreen.- Cushions inside the laptop compartment can be adjusted to fit smaller laptops.- Full - size dual file folder storage compartment.- Zippered ' workstation ' with lots of pockets , some padded , most with Velcro locks , for various items , business cards , keys.- Removable accessory pouch.- One ' secret ' zipped and one open pocket on the outside.- Removable shoulder strap.- Black fabric , gunmetal grey zipper hardware.- Made in China .	shoulder strap.-	neutral
4 " widescreen.- Cushions inside the laptop compartment can be adjusted to fit smaller laptops.- Full - size dual file folder storage compartment.- Zippered ' workstation ' with lots of pockets , some padded , most with Velcro locks , for various items , business cards , keys.- Removable accessory pouch.- One ' secret ' zipped and one open pocket on the outside.- Removable shoulder strap.- Black fabric , gunmetal grey zipper hardware.- Made in China .	zipper hardware.-	neutral
It is very well made , it fits comfortable over the should and the handle is nice as well .	handle	neutral
The system is also expandable ; you can buy individual Powerline units to connect other devices ( TiVo , Google TV , etc . ) to your network as needed .	system	neutral
The system is also expandable ; you can buy individual Powerline units to connect other devices ( TiVo , Google TV , etc . ) to your network as needed .	Powerline	neutral
The most likely failure is at the USB connector .	USB connector	neutral
And for the record , my computer is connected to a 720 HDTV via a VGA cable and male - to - male stereo cable .	VGA cable	neutral
I 'm not sure if I could work with a smaller screen .	screen	neutral
The shipping was quick and reasonable .	shipping	neutral
The flash ( interactive ) demo / tutorial is just silly as if we do n't know how to plug it in .	flash	neutral
I still do my real work on my other computers , but when it comes to less screen - intensive things , like web browsing or playing some games , this is my go - to laptop .	screen	neutral
I still do my real work on my other computers , but when it comes to less screen - intensive things , like web browsing or playing some games , this is my go - to laptop .	web browsing	neutral
I still do my real work on my other computers , but when it comes to less screen - intensive things , like web browsing or playing some games , this is my go - to laptop .	games	neutral
I knew this was impossible since the shipping guys had just picked up the damaged set that morning	shipping guys	neutral
( I 'm not sure what her power settings are but safe to say it is NOT economy mode ) .	power settings	neutral
8x DVD Writer External Optical Drive for Mac and PC	8x	neutral
8x DVD Writer External Optical Drive for Mac and PC	DVD Writer External Optical Drive	neutral
If you use this in your hackintosh , it is recognized as native wifi , meaning you can use any apps / programs that utilize native wifi only ( chromecast , for instance ) .	wifi	neutral
If you use this in your hackintosh , it is recognized as native wifi , meaning you can use any apps / programs that utilize native wifi only ( chromecast , for instance ) .	apps	neutral
If you use this in your hackintosh , it is recognized as native wifi , meaning you can use any apps / programs that utilize native wifi only ( chromecast , for instance ) .	programs	neutral
They 're long enough to charge my phone while using it .	charge	neutral
This makes for one of those rare cases in computing where if you upgrade your hardware to a different brand , you might be able to use same drivers , or a version of the drivers that is only slightly newer .	hardware	neutral
This makes for one of those rare cases in computing where if you upgrade your hardware to a different brand , you might be able to use same drivers , or a version of the drivers that is only slightly newer .	drivers	neutral
This makes for one of those rare cases in computing where if you upgrade your hardware to a different brand , you might be able to use same drivers , or a version of the drivers that is only slightly newer .	drivers	neutral
It is IPS , 1080p , matte , wtih great viewing angles , color accuracy , amazing contrast and ample brightness .	viewing angles	neutral
It is IPS , 1080p , matte , wtih great viewing angles , color accuracy , amazing contrast and ample brightness .	color accuracy	neutral
It is IPS , 1080p , matte , wtih great viewing angles , color accuracy , amazing contrast and ample brightness .	contrast	neutral
It is IPS , 1080p , matte , wtih great viewing angles , color accuracy , amazing contrast and ample brightness .	brightness	neutral
1 - 11"display without sacrificing performance .	performance	neutral
Plus , I typically use a computer for the Internet and office applications (	Internet	neutral
Plus , I typically use a computer for the Internet and office applications (	office applications	neutral
If you really want speed , this should do well .	speed	neutral
Highly recommended - performance is great .	performance	neutral
And even if you put them together , the case will be either widely open or not completely closed .	case	neutral
it 's already installed ... but go to " browse installable applications " and INSTALL it .. even though it 's already on your system .	browse installable applications	neutral
Especially with ICS coming very soon .	ICS	neutral
For someone who does n't know how to replace the SSD or who is scared of hurting the macbook .	SSD	neutral
I 've only tried it with a flash drive ; other users report that it functions equally well with an external USB hard drive ( presumably the GP1 supplies enough juice to fire up the drive ) , and such external USB devices as cameras,(phones , MP3 ... ) .	flash drive	neutral
I 've only tried it with a flash drive ; other users report that it functions equally well with an external USB hard drive ( presumably the GP1 supplies enough juice to fire up the drive ) , and such external USB devices as cameras,(phones , MP3 ... ) .	external USB hard drive	neutral
I 've only tried it with a flash drive ; other users report that it functions equally well with an external USB hard drive ( presumably the GP1 supplies enough juice to fire up the drive ) , and such external USB devices as cameras,(phones , MP3 ... ) .	GP1	neutral
I 've only tried it with a flash drive ; other users report that it functions equally well with an external USB hard drive ( presumably the GP1 supplies enough juice to fire up the drive ) , and such external USB devices as cameras,(phones , MP3 ... ) .	external USB devices	neutral
So this review is about the Sling Catcher .	Sling Catcher	neutral
When I got my Motorola Xoom , I knew I had to get a rooCASE for it	rooCASE	neutral
I plugged in my amp / speakers into the headphone jack , the printer into a USB port , and its all running perfectly .	amp	neutral
I plugged in my amp / speakers into the headphone jack , the printer into a USB port , and its all running perfectly .	headphone jack	neutral
I plugged in my amp / speakers into the headphone jack , the printer into a USB port , and its all running perfectly .	USB port	neutral
So highly recommend the TV but maybe Samsung can put some angle in these screw holes on the bottom or magnetize the screws and then it will all be perfect .	screw holes	neutral
So highly recommend the TV but maybe Samsung can put some angle in these screw holes on the bottom or magnetize the screws and then it will all be perfect .	screws	neutral
The price is right and quality is rite on .	price	neutral
The price is right and quality is rite on .	quality	neutral
This is quite the upgrade though , the i5 is incredibly snappy and the video card is more than sufficient to play the games that are coming out .	i5	neutral
This is quite the upgrade though , the i5 is incredibly snappy and the video card is more than sufficient to play the games that are coming out .	video card	neutral
This is quite the upgrade though , the i5 is incredibly snappy and the video card is more than sufficient to play the games that are coming out .	games	neutral
Now I no longer have to bring my power cord from the living room to the computer room .	power cord	neutral
Fits nicely , looks cool , has a zipper .	zipper	neutral
But again it 's not that much of a big deal as I intend to order a 2 Gig RAM stick to make the system faster .	2 Gig RAM stick	neutral
But again it 's not that much of a big deal as I intend to order a 2 Gig RAM stick to make the system faster .	system	neutral
Amazon sell really nice cables in any length .	cables	neutral
decent price for the size .	price	neutral
decent price for the size .	size	neutral
She loves it works good	works	neutral
and I 'm pleased with the performance of both .	performance	neutral
This is a pro & con since it means that the strap wo n't pull on your suits either .	strap	neutral
Fan speed is low , which is why its so quiet .	Fan speed	neutral
The 5400 rpm drive speed seems a little slow after a 7200 desktop speed and I would not recommend it for serious games , however , for the beginner to average user , it 's a good solid machine .	5400 rpm drive speed	neutral
The 5400 rpm drive speed seems a little slow after a 7200 desktop speed and I would not recommend it for serious games , however , for the beginner to average user , it 's a good solid machine .	games	neutral
This case is a good size .	size	neutral
If you are looking for a inexpensive wireless mouse you can take anywhere and use this is it .	wireless mouse	neutral
It gives strong reception in almost every channel I 've tried it , bear in mind	reception	neutral
But with or without the strap the laptop tends to move back and forth inside of the compartment .	strap	neutral
This mic is great for travel and great for my vista laptop that has the mic port in the front .	mic	neutral
This mic is great for travel and great for my vista laptop that has the mic port in the front .	mic port	neutral
It does NOT have a CD drive , but I have an external one .	CD drive	neutral
Though , when the video stops for a brief moment , like VHS tapes do when it changes pictures , it puts a watermark on the screen that says says the video quality , on the screen which is annoying when you are backing up memories ..	screen	neutral
Though , when the video stops for a brief moment , like VHS tapes do when it changes pictures , it puts a watermark on the screen that says says the video quality , on the screen which is annoying when you are backing up memories ..	screen	neutral
msoft excel running , outlook is running	msoft excel	neutral
msoft excel running , outlook is running	outlook	neutral
now she is destroys the power supplies connector which is an ugly fix	power supplies connector	neutral
I wish the fan was a little stronger	fan	neutral
While the Dell has a slightly larger screen and a 32 gb mSata .	screen	neutral
While the Dell has a slightly larger screen and a 32 gb mSata .	32 gb mSata	neutral
No option for this in system preferences .	system preferences	neutral
5Graphics - Intel HD Graphics Family >	Intel HD Graphics Family	neutral
I love how the connecting cord stores inside the groove on the bottom of the speaker .	connecting cord	neutral
I love how the connecting cord stores inside the groove on the bottom of the speaker .	speaker	neutral
I love being able to use a mouse with the setup !	mouse	neutral
I love being able to use a mouse with the setup !	setup	neutral
With some cheaply - made enclosures , the hard drive is free to rattle around inside .	enclosures	neutral
With some cheaply - made enclosures , the hard drive is free to rattle around inside .	hard drive	neutral
The screen is a fairly miserly 12 . 1 inches , although it is active - matrix and high - resolution .	screen	neutral
It holds her laptop , mouse , and power cord comfortably	mouse	neutral
It holds her laptop , mouse , and power cord comfortably	power cord	neutral
Did n't think a router could optimize modem operation , but that 's the only thing that changed in my setup	modem operation	neutral
Did n't think a router could optimize modem operation , but that 's the only thing that changed in my setup	setup	neutral
it seems to not have the logic or & # 34;pins&#34 ; inside the power plug into the computer to allow it to activate .	power plug	neutral
The user manual says the following is included:"Universal power supply with international plug set"Which probably means you can plug this into any wall outlet anywhere in the world .	user manual	neutral
The user manual says the following is included:"Universal power supply with international plug set"Which probably means you can plug this into any wall outlet anywhere in the world .	power supply	neutral
The user manual says the following is included:"Universal power supply with international plug set"Which probably means you can plug this into any wall outlet anywhere in the world .	international plug set"Which	neutral
When I hook it to the hdmi monitor its just beautiful !	hdmi monitor	neutral
However , because they do n't stay in my ear , I ca n't really speak on the sound quality .	sound quality	neutral
For background music while working the volume and sound quality are decent .	volume	neutral
For background music while working the volume and sound quality are decent .	sound quality	neutral
3 lbs and does n't feel as back heavy as some other netbooks / ultraportables that have 6-cell batteries .	6-cell batteries	neutral
It does n't come with an mSATA port , so you 'll have to look for an SSD , and put the original hard drive on an external case ( or other computer).Trackpad is horrendous .	mSATA port	neutral
It does n't come with an mSATA port , so you 'll have to look for an SSD , and put the original hard drive on an external case ( or other computer).Trackpad is horrendous .	SSD	neutral
It does n't come with an mSATA port , so you 'll have to look for an SSD , and put the original hard drive on an external case ( or other computer).Trackpad is horrendous .	hard drive	neutral
Simply put : a fully charged NiCd or NiMH cell will gradually lose its stored energy over time .	charged	neutral
Simply put : a fully charged NiCd or NiMH cell will gradually lose its stored energy over time .	NiCd	neutral
Currently I have to use the menu bar slider - the hardware keys and the apple remote ca n't control the volume .	menu bar slider	neutral
Currently I have to use the menu bar slider - the hardware keys and the apple remote ca n't control the volume .	hardware keys	neutral
Currently I have to use the menu bar slider - the hardware keys and the apple remote ca n't control the volume .	apple remote	neutral
Currently I have to use the menu bar slider - the hardware keys and the apple remote ca n't control the volume .	volume	neutral
The battery is a Sanyo AL10B31	battery	neutral
As for some of the features the software brings .	features	neutral
As for some of the features the software brings .	software	neutral
A permanent fix would be to make sure any true full screen game / app is set to the same resolution as your native resolution .	full screen	neutral
A permanent fix would be to make sure any true full screen game / app is set to the same resolution as your native resolution .	game	neutral
A permanent fix would be to make sure any true full screen game / app is set to the same resolution as your native resolution .	app	neutral
A permanent fix would be to make sure any true full screen game / app is set to the same resolution as your native resolution .	resolution	neutral
A permanent fix would be to make sure any true full screen game / app is set to the same resolution as your native resolution .	resolution	neutral
The camera is otherwise good	camera	neutral
It 's a fast drive , and while it is n't quite as fast as the ADATA drive it will be nearly impossible to feel the difference in everyday tasks .	drive	neutral
It 's a fast drive , and while it is n't quite as fast as the ADATA drive it will be nearly impossible to feel the difference in everyday tasks .	ADATA drive	neutral
It works really great .	works	neutral
I have attached this product to all my lenses to keep from losing lens caps .	lens caps	neutral
They had the same camera for HALF	camera	neutral
You can toggle it on and off on the Dolby settings under Surround Visualizer -- > Speakers .	Dolby settings	neutral
You can toggle it on and off on the Dolby settings under Surround Visualizer -- > Speakers .	Surround Visualizer	neutral
You can toggle it on and off on the Dolby settings under Surround Visualizer -- > Speakers .	Speakers	neutral
I lost my charger for my HD and was a bit nervous finding another off brand charger - however this one worked out perfectly !	charger	neutral
I lost my charger for my HD and was a bit nervous finding another off brand charger - however this one worked out perfectly !	charger	neutral
They sent an inquiry email shortly after receiving the battery , asking for initial feedback .	battery	neutral
I specifically bought this stand versus the one for the iPad2 because I have a cover on my iPad2 ( Belkin Snap Shield for iPad2 )	stand	neutral
I specifically bought this stand versus the one for the iPad2 because I have a cover on my iPad2 ( Belkin Snap Shield for iPad2 )	Snap Shield	neutral
This Logitech keyboard is an attractive keyboard with a neat set of features .	keyboard	neutral
This Logitech keyboard is an attractive keyboard with a neat set of features .	features	neutral
and both cases do not sit well inside this stand .	stand	neutral
You can find the drivers here for the TL - WN851ND . [ ...	drivers	neutral
With a lot of cables plugged into the back , it starts tipping .	cables	neutral
Bought this for an iMac and it works great .	works	neutral
If your Flash memory goes ... pop another card in .	Flash memory	neutral
If your Flash memory goes ... pop another card in .	card	neutral
I do n't carry a tablet but in the same pocket I do carry a number of software CD 's and the power supply .	software CD 's	neutral
I do n't carry a tablet but in the same pocket I do carry a number of software CD 's and the power supply .	power supply	neutral
Briefly , this is what you get:- Solid , durable construction - padded ballistic nylon.-	construction	neutral
Briefly , this is what you get:- Solid , durable construction - padded ballistic nylon.-	ballistic nylon.-	neutral
adapter did from Samsung .	adapter	neutral
Apple sends out a string on the OEM batteries telling the MBP that the battery is genuine .	batteries	neutral
Apple sends out a string on the OEM batteries telling the MBP that the battery is genuine .	battery	neutral
NOT THIS ADAPTERI had this productSourcingbay 45 in 1 Precision Screwdriver Tools Set for Rc Pc Mobile CarPrecision	Screwdriver	neutral
Has worked flawlessly , no speed , no storage , links quickly .	speed	neutral
Has worked flawlessly , no speed , no storage , links quickly .	storage	neutral
The only disconcerting factor was the number of pop - up ads inviting me to purchase or extend this or that program .	program	neutral
However , the phones do a decent job at blocking out extraneous sound , just not as good as my Sennheiser .	sound	neutral
There is MUCH MUCH better speakers available for ALOT less money .	speakers	neutral
The front has pockets for accessories .	front	neutral
The front has pockets for accessories .	pockets	neutral
but it does with windows xp / vista/7 x86 and x64bits	windows xp	neutral
but it does with windows xp / vista/7 x86 and x64bits	vista/7 x86	neutral
Fine , I thought it was the bass control knob setting , so I start to reduce the volume until all the way to minimum at 7 o'clock setting .	bass control knob setting	neutral
Fine , I thought it was the bass control knob setting , so I start to reduce the volume until all the way to minimum at 7 o'clock setting .	volume	neutral
This back pack is very durable .	back pack	neutral
The only thing I wish it had is the little flip props on the back to elevate it a little bit , not a necessity though .	flip props	neutral
benefit of installing SSD is the lack of hard drive noise , and the heat in the left palmrest area .	SSD	neutral
benefit of installing SSD is the lack of hard drive noise , and the heat in the left palmrest area .	hard drive noise	neutral
While the Z570 is easier to tote around than a desktop and monitor , it is a far cry from the myriad of touchscreen tablets that many people carry these days .	monitor	neutral
While the Z570 is easier to tote around than a desktop and monitor , it is a far cry from the myriad of touchscreen tablets that many people carry these days .	touchscreen	neutral
I found myself accidentally unstrapping a metal buckle .	buckle	neutral
Very frustrating , just a terrible design change .	design	neutral
its light design and power was too good of an offer to pass up .	design	neutral
its light design and power was too good of an offer to pass up .	power	neutral
It 's a shame that I ca n't simply replace / repair as the leather is in good shape .	leather	neutral
All of these programs run perfectly on these machines - they never freeze ( as happens on laptops and computers ) , and respond quickly to commands .	programs	neutral
I have an old surge protector that needs to be replaced on our dishwasher which has an electronic push button control panel .	surge protector	neutral
I have an old surge protector that needs to be replaced on our dishwasher which has an electronic push button control panel .	electronic push button control panel	neutral
Got this for my son , he it 12 and it is a small mouse that was easy for him to use .	mouse	neutral
Got this for my son , he it 12 and it is a small mouse that was easy for him to use .	use	neutral
Must be in an area with good digital broadcast signal or you will not get any reception .	digital broadcast signal	neutral
Must be in an area with good digital broadcast signal or you will not get any reception .	reception	neutral
I also enabled the tracking feature so if I misplaced the computer ( or if it was stolen ) , I could find it .	tracking feature	neutral
The top of the case snapped on extremely tight , which if I could get the bottom of the case to snap on would not be a problem .	bottom	neutral
I especially love the trackpad .	trackpad	neutral
I called the company again to see if they would be good enough to replace the router , since it was only 2 days out of warranty , and they would n't hear of it .	router	neutral
I called the company again to see if they would be good enough to replace the router , since it was only 2 days out of warranty , and they would n't hear of it .	warranty	neutral
Windows 8 runs perfectly fine on 4Gb of memory .	Windows 8	neutral
Windows 8 runs perfectly fine on 4Gb of memory .	4Gb of memory	neutral
Am planning a trip and do not expect good wifi .	wifi	neutral
Orange provides great contrast while being warm enough to fight visual fatigue simultaneously .	contrast	neutral
Orange provides great contrast while being warm enough to fight visual fatigue simultaneously .	visual	neutral
the default Windows color has always been purple and I 've just been missing out the past 15 years .	Windows color	neutral
Our family stepped in to deliver care , but there was one problem : No internet at the condominium in which he lives ...	internet	neutral
For some reason I expected the enclosure to be much larger than it actually is .	enclosure	neutral
I see people complain that these units require a separate power cord and that they do n't have an AC adapter brick to charge them .	power cord	neutral
I see people complain that these units require a separate power cord and that they do n't have an AC adapter brick to charge them .	AC adapter brick	neutral
I bought this AC Adapter , it says it is for DV5 , but it was n't and it screw my battery in 1 month and my laptop was new .	AC Adapter	neutral
I bought this AC Adapter , it says it is for DV5 , but it was n't and it screw my battery in 1 month and my laptop was new .	battery	neutral
I have used it on Windows XP and Windows 7 and it worked flawlessly .	Windows XP	neutral
I have used it on Windows XP and Windows 7 and it worked flawlessly .	Windows 7	neutral
cpus)- Maybe i have n't used it enough to experience any other pros , but the only thing that i 'd liked on this computer so far has been its thin form factor .	cpus)-	neutral
cpus)- Maybe i have n't used it enough to experience any other pros , but the only thing that i 'd liked on this computer so far has been its thin form factor .	form factor	neutral
The screen is wide and large and yet I suffer from eye strain using this for extended periods ( unlike my Alienware monitor I have plugged in ) .	screen	neutral
And the audio is of higher quality than what comes from the laptop speakers .	audio	neutral
And the audio is of higher quality than what comes from the laptop speakers .	speakers	neutral
3 " Laptop as well as its cords and usb mouse .	cords	neutral
3 " Laptop as well as its cords and usb mouse .	usb mouse	neutral
I went to WalMart , Kmart , Best Buy , Dollar Tree and NONE of their products gave out as much sound as these puppies ! !	sound	neutral
I 'm running Server 2012 with Hyper - v on it for my test lab .	Server 2012	neutral
I 'm running Server 2012 with Hyper - v on it for my test lab .	Hyper - v	neutral
I 'm very happy with the length of the cord .	length	neutral
I 'm very happy with the length of the cord .	cord	neutral
This is obviously the work of a super logical engineer who just could not stand to have those arrow keys in anything other than their " logical " configuration .	configuration	neutral
For me , the mix of portability and function were ideal .	portability	neutral
For me , the mix of portability and function were ideal .	function	neutral
The sleeve 's measurements are 13 .	sleeve	neutral
The sleeve 's measurements are 13 .	measurements	neutral
This one is compact , grounded , and provides the same amount of current and voltage to the laptop .	current	neutral
This one is compact , grounded , and provides the same amount of current and voltage to the laptop .	voltage	neutral
I decided I 'd buy a small powered 3 . 0 hub to carry with me	powered 3 . 0 hub	neutral
It 's hard to believe that this cable is offered at the price it is given the quality of it .	cable	neutral
It 's hard to believe that this cable is offered at the price it is given the quality of it .	price	neutral
It 's hard to believe that this cable is offered at the price it is given the quality of it .	quality	neutral
Setup was easy and without any heartaches .	Setup	neutral
If you use it , be sure to cut it out just to your rounded edges so it does nt peel later	edges	neutral
Unplugging it makes it so that I can boot up , but this is not acceptable .	boot up	neutral
1Therefore repeatedly " check of updates " on windowsHow to upgrade to windows 8 . 1 for dummies .	windowsHow	neutral
1Therefore repeatedly " check of updates " on windowsHow to upgrade to windows 8 . 1 for dummies .	windows 8 . 1	neutral
I 'm used to a little hum or quiet buzz from speakers that are not received an audio signal , but still have power , but this sounds like a dying rabbit , and it 's pretty loud .	speakers	neutral
I solved the problem by going into the mouse settings .	mouse settings	neutral
She love the color red .	color	neutral
This is apparently normal because the battery check is made for the 8 cell battery and does not know how to handle the extra charging required by the 4 extra cells .	battery	neutral
This is apparently normal because the battery check is made for the 8 cell battery and does not know how to handle the extra charging required by the 4 extra cells .	8 cell battery	neutral
This is apparently normal because the battery check is made for the 8 cell battery and does not know how to handle the extra charging required by the 4 extra cells .	charging	neutral
Okay Monster , you left the leading edge features out to focus on sound , right ?	sound	neutral
First , I looked at this feature before buying and in my opinion , the new laptops with the newer " i " processors seem to run cooler than older models .	feature	neutral
First , I looked at this feature before buying and in my opinion , the new laptops with the newer " i " processors seem to run cooler than older models .	i	neutral
I bought this to install an IP camera on a radio tower .	IP camera	neutral
( There will be two clips holding on each left / ride side of the screen , and two holding onto the edge above the iSight camera )	screen	neutral
( There will be two clips holding on each left / ride side of the screen , and two holding onto the edge above the iSight camera )	iSight camera	neutral
They also added velcro silencers which help diminish velcro noise pollution .	velcro silencers	neutral
They also added velcro silencers which help diminish velcro noise pollution .	velcro noise	neutral
The charger arrived yesterday and immediately worked with our Dell providing a strong / quick charge .	charger	neutral
The charger arrived yesterday and immediately worked with our Dell providing a strong / quick charge .	charge	neutral
I am still keeping the Gizmo Dorks case , as the wallet fits in there and there is a storage pocket for the adapter .	adapter	neutral
If you want to try it ( and have the proper port ) then give it a try	port	neutral
There are widespread problems with this particular power adapter model with this revision of the model as they are prone to failure due to a design flaw in one of three wires inside the single cable that goes from the adapter to the laptop and in a identifier chip inside the adapter .	power adapter	neutral
There are widespread problems with this particular power adapter model with this revision of the model as they are prone to failure due to a design flaw in one of three wires inside the single cable that goes from the adapter to the laptop and in a identifier chip inside the adapter .	design	neutral
There are widespread problems with this particular power adapter model with this revision of the model as they are prone to failure due to a design flaw in one of three wires inside the single cable that goes from the adapter to the laptop and in a identifier chip inside the adapter .	cable	neutral
The only part of it that I think should be different and better is the zipper , which could be more heavy duty .	zipper	neutral
The second issue is that the space bar does not work well .	space bar	neutral
I 've been very happy with the performance of this laptop charger and have absolutely nothing negative to say about it !	performance	neutral
Perfect for those who already have a rolling bag for other gear ( light stands / tripods / lighting , etc . ) and do n't want to worry about having to roll a 2nd one .	stands	neutral
Oh why oh why did n't they make a better cord ?	cord	neutral
so if you do too , this is the correct keyboard replacement .	keyboard	neutral
Ca n't beat the price ...	price	neutral
Even the stitched area on the perimeter of the chair 's arms began irritating my elbows .	stitched area	neutral
For example , if I were to get a tip for my Sanyo SCP-8100 cell phone , I 'd have to buy an A02 tip , in addition to the secondary system ( which is called " DualPower Accessory for Mobile Electronic Devices " on iGo 's website).OK , the Juice works as advertised .	Juice	neutral
so I can listen to music , pumped out of the Garmin , and into my car stereo 's aux input .	aux input	neutral
Roxio Back on Track Site does NOT work on this laptop even with Roxio bad tech support and I AM a computer tech	Roxio	neutral
Roxio Back on Track Site does NOT work on this laptop even with Roxio bad tech support and I AM a computer tech	tech support	neutral
And it has plenty of volume .	volume	neutral
I give props to AMD for making such a good processor with awesome graphics , the best part of the laptop is n't anything toshiba did .	processor	neutral
I give props to AMD for making such a good processor with awesome graphics , the best part of the laptop is n't anything toshiba did .	graphics	neutral
This was because the router would not send a constant wireless signal .	wireless signal	neutral
it 's short lifespan .	lifespan	neutral
I ca n't speak for battery drain since I keep my computer plugged in .	battery drain	neutral
In short , there are alternative portable speakers with deeper bass and fuller sound , but they are bulkier , heavier and cost a good bit more .	bass	neutral
In short , there are alternative portable speakers with deeper bass and fuller sound , but they are bulkier , heavier and cost a good bit more .	cost	neutral
If you love to add a very soft but pleasant color to your Mac Air but also have a hard case I have to suggest you grab the Belkin Shield EdgeGlow Case .	color	neutral
If you love to add a very soft but pleasant color to your Mac Air but also have a hard case I have to suggest you grab the Belkin Shield EdgeGlow Case .	case	neutral
If you love to add a very soft but pleasant color to your Mac Air but also have a hard case I have to suggest you grab the Belkin Shield EdgeGlow Case .	Belkin Shield EdgeGlow Case	neutral
We got the new screen in and unfortunately the screen did nt work !	screen	neutral
We got the new screen in and unfortunately the screen did nt work !	screen	neutral
I can place this button next to my keyboard and hide the actual hub / switch behind my monitor .	button	neutral
I can place this button next to my keyboard and hide the actual hub / switch behind my monitor .	keyboard	neutral
I can place this button next to my keyboard and hide the actual hub / switch behind my monitor .	hub / switch	neutral
i upgraded the 2 GB RAM to 4 GB for about $ 45 .	2 GB RAM	neutral
I used them w/ a external antenna and it helped boost my signal .	external antenna	neutral
I used them w/ a external antenna and it helped boost my signal .	signal	neutral
Other reviews said that the pack will let you run longer , but it will not recharge your battery .	pack	neutral
Other reviews said that the pack will let you run longer , but it will not recharge your battery .	battery	neutral
do n't get me wrong , the Asus is n't as thin , but that 's because it has stuffed so much inside , so the metal is thicker and feels extremely sturdy even compared with its slightly cheaper Q550LF	metal	neutral
It also took ten minutes to sync up when plugged in .	sync up	neutral
Odd , I purchased same battery previously from same vendor and it worked .	battery	neutral
My Dell Latitude D620 recognizes the battery without the funky warning which slows down your cpu AND it charges my battery .	battery	neutral
My Dell Latitude D620 recognizes the battery without the funky warning which slows down your cpu AND it charges my battery .	cpu	neutral
My Dell Latitude D620 recognizes the battery without the funky warning which slows down your cpu AND it charges my battery .	battery	neutral
I ordered two and one arrived broken ( packaging was intact , though ) ...	packaging	neutral
* DVI - D which means it carries the full Digital specification , compatible with HDMI * $ 12 shipped to my doorstep , thanks to Amazon Prime	DVI - D	neutral
* DVI - D which means it carries the full Digital specification , compatible with HDMI * $ 12 shipped to my doorstep , thanks to Amazon Prime	HDMI	neutral
1600MHz DIMM with Low Profile Blue Heatspreaders 240-Pin Dual / Quad Channel RAM Desktop Memory KIT 9 - 9 - 9 - 24 XMP readyafter returning the bad set .	DIMM	neutral
1600MHz DIMM with Low Profile Blue Heatspreaders 240-Pin Dual / Quad Channel RAM Desktop Memory KIT 9 - 9 - 9 - 24 XMP readyafter returning the bad set .	240-Pin	neutral
1600MHz DIMM with Low Profile Blue Heatspreaders 240-Pin Dual / Quad Channel RAM Desktop Memory KIT 9 - 9 - 9 - 24 XMP readyafter returning the bad set .	Dual /	neutral
1600MHz DIMM with Low Profile Blue Heatspreaders 240-Pin Dual / Quad Channel RAM Desktop Memory KIT 9 - 9 - 9 - 24 XMP readyafter returning the bad set .	Quad Channel RAM Desktop Memory KIT	neutral
I want to use it as a laptop navigation system .	navigation system	neutral
If you need to move the laptop away from you on your desk , the " kickstand " suddenly folds into the fan housing and your laptop takes a bit of a crash backwards .	kickstand	neutral
If you need to move the laptop away from you on your desk , the " kickstand " suddenly folds into the fan housing and your laptop takes a bit of a crash backwards .	fan housing	neutral
I followed other people advices that I found here , and I low - level format the card before using it .	card	neutral
If this is your first gaming Laptop , it weighs	gaming	neutral
If this is your first gaming Laptop , it weighs	weighs	neutral
The initial cursor speed was too fast , but easily fixed in Windows control panel mouse speed adjustment .	cursor speed	neutral
The initial cursor speed was too fast , but easily fixed in Windows control panel mouse speed adjustment .	Windows control panel	neutral
The initial cursor speed was too fast , but easily fixed in Windows control panel mouse speed adjustment .	mouse speed adjustment	neutral
In my second test , I attached the device directly to my MacBook Air 's USB 3 . 0 port using ONLY the data cable -- again , it powered up and worked flawlessly .	USB 3 . 0 port	neutral
In my second test , I attached the device directly to my MacBook Air 's USB 3 . 0 port using ONLY the data cable -- again , it powered up and worked flawlessly .	data cable	neutral
My ranking is based on it meeting my needs and not of the quality of the cable itself .	quality	neutral
My ranking is based on it meeting my needs and not of the quality of the cable itself .	cable	neutral
It 's super comfortable , huge , has great padding to protect your gear , offers several ways to access the goods , and looks pretty snazzy .	padding	neutral
I sure hope the next apple Macbooks have eSATA or USB3 .	eSATA	neutral
I sure hope the next apple Macbooks have eSATA or USB3 .	USB3	neutral
I mounted a 1 TB 2 .	1 TB 2	neutral
I recommend this laptop for those needing a budget friendly laptop for daily tasks and light workloads .	budget	neutral
I am a big fan of Apple products , they are pricey but usually make up for that in sleek design and quality , the only exception been the 11 " Macbook Air which worked perfectly at first but after a few minutes it started to slow down to a crawl .	design	neutral
I am a big fan of Apple products , they are pricey but usually make up for that in sleek design and quality , the only exception been the 11 " Macbook Air which worked perfectly at first but after a few minutes it started to slow down to a crawl .	quality	neutral
It 's not a particularly attactive body , but it is functional .	body	neutral
-Has a built in battery and speakers - Pretty clear sound ( not the best though)-Nice picture , but it is n't HD	battery	neutral
-Has a built in battery and speakers - Pretty clear sound ( not the best though)-Nice picture , but it is n't HD	speakers	neutral
-Has a built in battery and speakers - Pretty clear sound ( not the best though)-Nice picture , but it is n't HD	sound	neutral
-Has a built in battery and speakers - Pretty clear sound ( not the best though)-Nice picture , but it is n't HD	picture	neutral
More memory good .............. !	memory	neutral
The price is a bit more for the Titan than I could have bought a regular backpack or even the largest Laptop backpack but is well worth it when you think of all the stuff you can carry around in the same bag .	price	neutral
This keyboard fit the bill nicely .	keyboard	neutral
I tried a cheaper one and the plug going into the laptop was 1/4 " shorter than this one ( and the original ) and that one did not work , this one works just fine .	plug	neutral
Yes , the drink holder is a little small , but manageable , and the inner front compartment is also a little teeny .	drink holder	neutral
Yes , the drink holder is a little small , but manageable , and the inner front compartment is also a little teeny .	front compartment	neutral
Battery life is amazing , having lasted through a recent 3 day vacation without having to recharge .	Battery life	neutral
The trackpad , however is slid over to the left side of the computer .	trackpad	neutral
Plenty of storage , adjustable compartments , and feels secure when carrying it through the woods .	storage	neutral
Plenty of storage , adjustable compartments , and feels secure when carrying it through the woods .	compartments	neutral
The velcro closure is similar to what bike messengers use and allow you to have a reasonably secure velcro closure with different sized items .	velcro closure	neutral
The velcro closure is similar to what bike messengers use and allow you to have a reasonably secure velcro closure with different sized items .	velcro closure	neutral
The FW laptop ( which has a more rectangular shape than most other laptops because of its 16:9 screen format ) fits perfectly in this dedicated sleeve - like holster , and the separate case for the power supply is also very handy	case for the power supply	neutral
The angle to which blocks other viewers from being nosy and seeing what your doing is n't all that great .	angle	neutral
I loaded firefox , and all the little virus protections for it ( no use to use nortons , with all those little add ons , which also helps a lot for these netbooks )	firefox	neutral
I loaded firefox , and all the little virus protections for it ( no use to use nortons , with all those little add ons , which also helps a lot for these netbooks )	virus protections	neutral
I loaded firefox , and all the little virus protections for it ( no use to use nortons , with all those little add ons , which also helps a lot for these netbooks )	nortons	neutral
I was disappointed that HP 's Mediasmart software suit is gone .	Mediasmart software suit	neutral
Screen size6 gb ram750	Screen size6 gb ram750	neutral
I enjoy having a superportable laptop with HDMI so that I can connect to a flatscreen and watch streaming movies .	HDMI	neutral
it 's just not structurally sound as far as the screen is concerned .	screen	neutral
Works as it supposed to work ; connects to Bluetooth devices easily .	connects to Bluetooth devices	neutral
I would also like to note that unlike other companies , Samsung paid the shipping BOTH ways , both times .	shipping	neutral
If it uses the same type SSD drive as the Acers it would be a worthy and likely simple upgrade ( though it would void my warranty).PORTS :	SSD drive	neutral
If it uses the same type SSD drive as the Acers it would be a worthy and likely simple upgrade ( though it would void my warranty).PORTS :	warranty).PORTS	neutral
Someone said that when looking at the same price point most laptops have the same specs , so it comes down to feel , aesthetics , and customer service - great summation ! )	price point	neutral
Someone said that when looking at the same price point most laptops have the same specs , so it comes down to feel , aesthetics , and customer service - great summation ! )	specs	neutral
Someone said that when looking at the same price point most laptops have the same specs , so it comes down to feel , aesthetics , and customer service - great summation ! )	aesthetics	neutral
Someone said that when looking at the same price point most laptops have the same specs , so it comes down to feel , aesthetics , and customer service - great summation ! )	customer service	neutral
I have three white - on - aluminum Apple chicklet keyboards , and I love the feel , but wish they were slightly less ostentatious .	feel	neutral
On my recent flight to Kauai , slipped on my ear buds and the 6 hr flight zipped by while watching my favorite vids and reading my books - did n't have to connect to the keyboard dock for extra battery life .	keyboard dock	neutral
On my recent flight to Kauai , slipped on my ear buds and the 6 hr flight zipped by while watching my favorite vids and reading my books - did n't have to connect to the keyboard dock for extra battery life .	battery life	neutral
Microsoft put out a optional update in Windows Update to handle USB 3 . 0 drivers .	Windows Update	neutral
Microsoft put out a optional update in Windows Update to handle USB 3 . 0 drivers .	USB 3 . 0 drivers	neutral
This is a great way to increase your USB 3 . 0 ports , while adding USB to your android phone .	USB 3 . 0 ports	neutral
This is a great way to increase your USB 3 . 0 ports , while adding USB to your android phone .	USB	neutral
It has all the functionality that I was looking for .	functionality	neutral
That 's pretty much it , one last thing though -the laptop supports dynamic brightness .	dynamic brightness	neutral
If there is any negative feature , it might be the net weight and that would only be a factor if it is being purchased for someone small or partially disabled .	feature	neutral
If there is any negative feature , it might be the net weight and that would only be a factor if it is being purchased for someone small or partially disabled .	net weight	neutral
This unit really does not even move enough air to cool a laptop 's bottom plate .	bottom plate	neutral
The SSD was on sale one day for $ 150 ( purchase date from Newegg 22 May 2012 ) ..	SSD	neutral
The good folks at Sharkk sent me this mouse and asked if I would review it honestly .	mouse	neutral
And finally , the bundled connectors are useless as none of them are right for my laptop .	bundled connectors	neutral
I found the cable to be of good construction .	cable	neutral
I found the cable to be of good construction .	construction	neutral
I tried the Apple Magic Mouse	Apple Magic Mouse	neutral
Does n't use apt - x codec , the AC adapter 's LED is bright enough to light up my bedroom	apt - x codec	neutral
Does n't use apt - x codec , the AC adapter 's LED is bright enough to light up my bedroom	AC adapter 's LED	neutral
It 'll be interesting to see how it holds up to wear.- DesignI love having compartments for every gadget that goes along in my bag , and this bag provides a good variety of clever pockets and compartments so that everything has its place .	DesignI	neutral
It 'll be interesting to see how it holds up to wear.- DesignI love having compartments for every gadget that goes along in my bag , and this bag provides a good variety of clever pockets and compartments so that everything has its place .	compartments	neutral
The size is a good compromise with an optical drive .	size	neutral
The size is a good compromise with an optical drive .	optical drive	neutral
I 'd HIGHLY recommend picking one up from Red Tag - if your in the market for a solid , cheap , slug of a laptop - you ca n't go wrong in getting one of these - just remember - these babies came out in 2009 - so do n't expect this thing to compare with a i3 or i5 etc - what you get out of the box is a solid little laptop to surf , some SIMPLE word processing etc - do n't expect this thing to rock w / gig flop 's in speed - it 's a SOLID " little " laptop - beat 's the other used slugs out there from misc manufactures ...	surf	neutral
I 'd HIGHLY recommend picking one up from Red Tag - if your in the market for a solid , cheap , slug of a laptop - you ca n't go wrong in getting one of these - just remember - these babies came out in 2009 - so do n't expect this thing to compare with a i3 or i5 etc - what you get out of the box is a solid little laptop to surf , some SIMPLE word processing etc - do n't expect this thing to rock w / gig flop 's in speed - it 's a SOLID " little " laptop - beat 's the other used slugs out there from misc manufactures ...	word processing	neutral
I 'd HIGHLY recommend picking one up from Red Tag - if your in the market for a solid , cheap , slug of a laptop - you ca n't go wrong in getting one of these - just remember - these babies came out in 2009 - so do n't expect this thing to compare with a i3 or i5 etc - what you get out of the box is a solid little laptop to surf , some SIMPLE word processing etc - do n't expect this thing to rock w / gig flop 's in speed - it 's a SOLID " little " laptop - beat 's the other used slugs out there from misc manufactures ...	speed	neutral
I 'd recommend the freeware app " Batterycare " , but there are others to choose from .	Batterycare	neutral
The price was n't excessive , but the performance is definitely below par for what was billed as a high capacity battery .	price	neutral
The price was n't excessive , but the performance is definitely below par for what was billed as a high capacity battery .	performance	neutral
The price was n't excessive , but the performance is definitely below par for what was billed as a high capacity battery .	battery	neutral
I 've had some complaints , including a few performance related , but	performance	neutral
If it does n't , then go to start , search for Display Settings and open it up).From other reviewers it seems that drivers do nt auto update or notify you of updates .	Display Settings	neutral
If it does n't , then go to start , search for Display Settings and open it up).From other reviewers it seems that drivers do nt auto update or notify you of updates .	drivers	neutral
Good battery , gives a good return for the money I paid for it .	battery	neutral
I did n't want to get a aftermarket battery	aftermarket battery	neutral
But as a charging cable , it has n't given me any trouble .	charging cable	neutral
Debian will be a challenge , but I can confirm that I have configured drivers for Broadcom BCM4352 wireless card and Nvidia GeForce GTX 765M.	drivers	neutral
Debian will be a challenge , but I can confirm that I have configured drivers for Broadcom BCM4352 wireless card and Nvidia GeForce GTX 765M.	Broadcom	neutral
Debian will be a challenge , but I can confirm that I have configured drivers for Broadcom BCM4352 wireless card and Nvidia GeForce GTX 765M.	Nvidia GeForce GTX 765M.	neutral
The Monster scores with:+ Easy to use ( no LCD to " try " and look at while driving)+	use	neutral
The Monster scores with:+ Easy to use ( no LCD to " try " and look at while driving)+	LCD	neutral
Pairing was super easy , turn on the keyboard , open the Bluetooth control panel on your computer or iDevice , select the Bluetooth Keyboard , enter the code displayed on your device ( usually a string of numbers followed by enter ) , and the device is now paired and can be used to type .	keyboard	neutral
Pairing was super easy , turn on the keyboard , open the Bluetooth control panel on your computer or iDevice , select the Bluetooth Keyboard , enter the code displayed on your device ( usually a string of numbers followed by enter ) , and the device is now paired and can be used to type .	Bluetooth Keyboard	neutral
Did not fit our laptop , could not get any connector from Targus .	connector	neutral
No data transfer issues .	data transfer	neutral
Windows recognized it and installed the drivers necessary and it works like a champ ! ! !	Windows	neutral
Windows recognized it and installed the drivers necessary and it works like a champ ! ! !	drivers	neutral
An internet button that puts you on to explorer .	internet button	neutral
There 's not much difference other than the three finger app switcher gesture and being unable to scroll down into the apps in the windows start screen and some other minor things .	app switcher gesture	neutral
There 's not much difference other than the three finger app switcher gesture and being unable to scroll down into the apps in the windows start screen and some other minor things .	apps	neutral
There 's not much difference other than the three finger app switcher gesture and being unable to scroll down into the apps in the windows start screen and some other minor things .	windows start screen	neutral
6 - Hard to get the handle out .	handle	neutral
This was the best price i 've ever encountered for a new laptop battery .	price	neutral
This was the best price i 've ever encountered for a new laptop battery .	battery	neutral
I was going to go with the $ 20 Pentax F remote , but decided on this instead .	Pentax F remote	neutral
( 1 TB fits great , good materials , I feel secure when commuting to work .	materials	neutral
This is not for the new one with Retina display .	Retina display	neutral
The strap that can be attached to the laptop case is well padded and comfortable once adjusted correctly .	strap	neutral
As I write this review I am noticing that I am typing it on a Logitech keyboard , using a Logitech mouse .	Logitech keyboard	neutral
As I write this review I am noticing that I am typing it on a Logitech keyboard , using a Logitech mouse .	Logitech mouse	neutral
I ve had this usb flash drive for about 2 months now .	usb flash drive	neutral
November 17 , 2012Arrived on time , but its been over a year ( 1 year and 4 months ) and now every time I plug it in and where the cord enters the converter is so loose the two separate constantly	cord	neutral
November 17 , 2012Arrived on time , but its been over a year ( 1 year and 4 months ) and now every time I plug it in and where the cord enters the converter is so loose the two separate constantly	converter	neutral
Works well for the price .	Works	neutral
Works well for the price .	price	neutral
Fitment is perfect and it looks like a very high quality expensive case .	Fitment	neutral
Fitment is perfect and it looks like a very high quality expensive case .	case	neutral
Did a Google search on how to pop the keyboard out .	keyboard	neutral
Keyboard is island style	Keyboard	neutral
Works perfectly .	Works	neutral
The build quality is good and I like the fact that the car to EM fitting locks in securely	build quality	neutral
Has the basic power to browse the net , work on emails and get some work done while on the move .	browse	neutral
The worse sin however is the pathetic battery life - EVERY OTHER tablets I 've tried and used , including Archos 7 , 70 , and 101 , Nook Color , Viewsonic G , HTC Flyer , Toshiba Thrive , Motorola Xoom , and Acer Iconia blows this thing out of the water in terms of battery life .	battery life	neutral
The worse sin however is the pathetic battery life - EVERY OTHER tablets I 've tried and used , including Archos 7 , 70 , and 101 , Nook Color , Viewsonic G , HTC Flyer , Toshiba Thrive , Motorola Xoom , and Acer Iconia blows this thing out of the water in terms of battery life .	battery life	neutral
Now how long all of this tech goodness wil last I do nt know	tech goodness	neutral
Only one review from CNET website has brief mentioning that the reviewer said that he was more impressed by Samsung Galaxy 's image color compared to ASUS Prime .	image color	neutral
Excellent customer service.-Printing can be a hassle .	customer service.-Printing	neutral
However unlike the Audio - technica the sound quality is mediocre with the noise canceling on .	sound quality	neutral
However unlike the Audio - technica the sound quality is mediocre with the noise canceling on .	noise	neutral
Buy the MacBook AirSimply put , the guts of the two machines are basically the same , but the Air 's SSD hard drive gives it a tremendously significant boost in performance .	SSD hard drive	neutral
Buy the MacBook AirSimply put , the guts of the two machines are basically the same , but the Air 's SSD hard drive gives it a tremendously significant boost in performance .	performance	neutral
This smaller size not only fits better , it came with a cradle	size	neutral
This smaller size not only fits better , it came with a cradle	cradle	neutral
This one has a 13 in screen which I would prefer over a tiny 10 inch screen .	13 in screen	neutral
This one has a 13 in screen which I would prefer over a tiny 10 inch screen .	10 inch screen	neutral
They completely seal out the outside world ; on the New York City subway , I can not hear a thing ( which is great for sound quality , but is n't all that safe ) .	sound quality	neutral
I did the same thing , buying ' Industrial Strength Velcro ' from the hardware store , sticking the fuzzy loop side to the bottom of my netbook and sticking the loop side to the pad .	Velcro	neutral
I did the same thing , buying ' Industrial Strength Velcro ' from the hardware store , sticking the fuzzy loop side to the bottom of my netbook and sticking the loop side to the pad .	pad	neutral
Peformance wise , the SSD cache drive really makes a major impact over a traditional hard drive .	SSD cache drive	neutral
Peformance wise , the SSD cache drive really makes a major impact over a traditional hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
The multi - touch is fun as well .	multi - touch	neutral
You 've seen the generic or third party batteries for $ 30~$60 , do n't waste your time .	batteries	neutral
The padding is quite good and the laptop computer , the most important ( and expensive ) item of equipment , fits snugly into its compartment without shifting ; there 's an extra strap to fasten it into place	padding	neutral
The padding is quite good and the laptop computer , the most important ( and expensive ) item of equipment , fits snugly into its compartment without shifting ; there 's an extra strap to fasten it into place	strap	neutral
The only thing I do n't care for is the blue led lights .	blue led lights	neutral
This Hybrid drive is a nice balance between a SSD and a traditional HDD .	Hybrid drive	neutral
This Hybrid drive is a nice balance between a SSD and a traditional HDD .	SSD	neutral
This Hybrid drive is a nice balance between a SSD and a traditional HDD .	HDD	neutral
That feature was one of the factors in buying it .	feature	neutral
A couple of thoughts on this filter : The Good:-	filter	neutral
This unit really picks up weak WiFi signals - which is great if you are in an area with very few WiFi 's .	WiFi signals	neutral
I did n't test transfer speeds .	transfer speeds	neutral
First , my laptop fits perfectly on this pad , giving room to move the laptop up or down the pad for better cooling experiences .	pad	neutral
First , my laptop fits perfectly on this pad , giving room to move the laptop up or down the pad for better cooling experiences .	pad	neutral
First , my laptop fits perfectly on this pad , giving room to move the laptop up or down the pad for better cooling experiences .	cooling	neutral
This is a very fast laptop when you have an SSD installed .	SSD	neutral
In the box , a docking station , USB 3 . 0 cable , Power Adapter and User Manual are supplied .	docking station	neutral
In the box , a docking station , USB 3 . 0 cable , Power Adapter and User Manual are supplied .	USB 3 . 0 cable	neutral
In the box , a docking station , USB 3 . 0 cable , Power Adapter and User Manual are supplied .	Power Adapter	neutral
In the box , a docking station , USB 3 . 0 cable , Power Adapter and User Manual are supplied .	User Manual	neutral
Return of the damaged tv would need to be set up with the delivery company .	delivery company	neutral
The enclosure felt somewhat faulty to me , and gave me the sense that it might fail me when i need it the most , so I returned it .	enclosure	neutral
Works really well on iPhones , iPods , and probably iPads and other oleophobic screensGood for a light cleaning for other devicesEasy to useMade in USACONS : Not so good for non - oleophobic screensThe iEraser is basically a slightly fuzzy microfiber clot , sewn around a soft block and attached to a flat plastic handle .	screensThe	neutral
Works really well on iPhones , iPods , and probably iPads and other oleophobic screensGood for a light cleaning for other devicesEasy to useMade in USACONS : Not so good for non - oleophobic screensThe iEraser is basically a slightly fuzzy microfiber clot , sewn around a soft block and attached to a flat plastic handle .	handle	neutral
My experience is that the small size of this mouse reduces my carpel tunnel syndrome considerably .	size	neutral
My experience is that the small size of this mouse reduces my carpel tunnel syndrome considerably .	mouse	neutral
The computer crashed and did strange things -- like a jittery screen .	screen	neutral
For what it 's worth , my neighbor and I compared batteries - my B&D ; against his Pwr+ battery .	batteries	neutral
For what it 's worth , my neighbor and I compared batteries - my B&D ; against his Pwr+ battery .	battery	neutral
I have been using aHauppauge Colossus PCI Express Internal HD - PVRto digitize component video and have been disappointed by the poor picture quality .	digitize component video	neutral
I have been using aHauppauge Colossus PCI Express Internal HD - PVRto digitize component video and have been disappointed by the poor picture quality .	picture quality	neutral
For a $ 90 wireless speaker we found the sound quality good and the volume boost great .	sound quality	neutral
For a $ 90 wireless speaker we found the sound quality good and the volume boost great .	volume boost	neutral
As long as you are running native Windows apps i. e. Newer Apps , it runs fine .	Windows apps	neutral
As long as you are running native Windows apps i. e. Newer Apps , it runs fine .	Apps	neutral
As long as you are running native Windows apps i. e. Newer Apps , it runs fine .	runs	neutral
Screen feels cheap and is a little shaky from the beginning5 .	Screen	neutral
Back to headphones ?	headphones	neutral
THEY CAME WITH TWO ADAPTERS	ADAPTERS	neutral
This cable works fine for that .	cable	neutral
The eject tape seem pretty safely attached ( but then I do not plan to pull it in and out	eject tape	neutral
It has a really good price ...	price	neutral
Why does every computer company do this now?)- Touchpad behavior inconsistent under load ( sometimes even with	Touchpad behavior	neutral
if you have a home theatre and want to get a good wireless setup going than this is a great and easy option .	wireless setup	neutral
McAfee anti - virus etc .	McAfee anti - virus	neutral
CORSAIR makes both types of RAM so look carefully for this critical specification when upgrading your RAM .	RAM	neutral
CORSAIR makes both types of RAM so look carefully for this critical specification when upgrading your RAM .	RAM	neutral
The Targus 90W AC Adapter works great on my GP G71 Laptop .	Targus	neutral
The Targus 90W AC Adapter works great on my GP G71 Laptop .	90W AC Adapter	neutral
I will never by another keyboard with fat / high keys on it , and I do n't understand why anybody would want to .	keyboard	neutral
I will never by another keyboard with fat / high keys on it , and I do n't understand why anybody would want to .	keys	neutral
works perfect , had it for 4 months no problems	works	neutral
If I have the laptop on a flat surface , like a countertop or table , the speakers really give off a good amount of sound .	speakers	neutral
Easy setup .	setup	neutral
Why use the lapdesk ? "	lapdesk	neutral
The contrast is stunning , the blacks are deep and the color production is more than satisfying .	contrast	neutral
The contrast is stunning , the blacks are deep and the color production is more than satisfying .	blacks	neutral
The contrast is stunning , the blacks are deep and the color production is more than satisfying .	color production	neutral
It 's a 16:9 ratio monitor ( 2560:1440 ) , which I usually dislike .	16:9 ratio monitor	neutral
* Remote switch button or hotkeys ; allows the KVM switch to be hidden	Remote switch button	neutral
* Remote switch button or hotkeys ; allows the KVM switch to be hidden	KVM switch	neutral
The computer still recognizes them , the controls still work , just NO sound comes out .	controls	neutral
The computer still recognizes them , the controls still work , just NO sound comes out .	sound	neutral
I wanted to be able to charge my iPod Touch and Blackberry simultaneously by just using USB cables .	USB cables	neutral
The mouse is a smaller than I thought , the mouse I bought to work with my nexus 10	mouse	neutral
The mouse is a smaller than I thought , the mouse I bought to work with my nexus 10	mouse	neutral
The backpack is nice , has a lot of compartments , and feels well - constructed .	compartments	neutral
I ended up purchasing this battery , which at the time was ~$45 .	battery	neutral
However , I immediately set to testing the Shutdown issue described in the discussion threads here , and sure enough , I duplicated the problem where about 3 out of every 5 times under battery power , the machine does n't fully shut down unless the power button is held down for several seconds .	Shutdown	neutral
However , I immediately set to testing the Shutdown issue described in the discussion threads here , and sure enough , I duplicated the problem where about 3 out of every 5 times under battery power , the machine does n't fully shut down unless the power button is held down for several seconds .	battery power	neutral
However , I immediately set to testing the Shutdown issue described in the discussion threads here , and sure enough , I duplicated the problem where about 3 out of every 5 times under battery power , the machine does n't fully shut down unless the power button is held down for several seconds .	power button	neutral
Before you buy it , make sure you look up the widespread problem with the intermittent wireless connections .	wireless connections	neutral
It 's the usual dilemma with the 13 " boasting pretty much better specs and battery life than the 11 " .	specs	neutral
It 's the usual dilemma with the 13 " boasting pretty much better specs and battery life than the 11 " .	battery life	neutral
There is a true 250 gb harddrive which many are replacing with an SSD for faster access and longer battery life .	250 gb harddrive	neutral
There is a true 250 gb harddrive which many are replacing with an SSD for faster access and longer battery life .	SSD	neutral
There is a true 250 gb harddrive which many are replacing with an SSD for faster access and longer battery life .	battery life	neutral
In this compartment is also a pouch the perfect size for a cell phone , and a couple of loops for pens etc .	size	neutral
The suspension system is pretty worthless if you 're a lens hood kind of guy .	suspension system	neutral
The suspension system is pretty worthless if you 're a lens hood kind of guy .	lens hood	neutral
But what I did not expect is that I can not adjust the volume when it is this mode !	volume	neutral
The software is reasonably quick to load .	software	neutral
The software is reasonably quick to load .	load	neutral
I like how you can positions the fans where you like , for my HP dv7 - 2040us	fans	neutral
I ordered this to serve as a back - up for my original adapter , and it works perfectly for that purpose .	adapter	neutral
It has been very easy to use even considering	use	neutral
It works great !	works	neutral
Big bass ?	bass	neutral
Plug in the ' transmitter ' into a USB port , plug in the ' reciever ' to an Aux	transmitter '	neutral
Plug in the ' transmitter ' into a USB port , plug in the ' reciever ' to an Aux	USB port	neutral
Plug in the ' transmitter ' into a USB port , plug in the ' reciever ' to an Aux	reciever	neutral
It is not a power converter - your devices being plugged in must be dual voltage .	power converter	neutral
7 Ghz and a Seagate XT500 drive in it .	Seagate XT500 drive	neutral
I 'm giving the 3 star rating based on the poor padding issue	padding	neutral
Loudness and Loudness Control - There is NO UP or Down loudness regulator on the speaker , so it is best to have the tablet or the phone as close to the speaker as possible to regulate the sound .	Loudness	neutral
Loudness and Loudness Control - There is NO UP or Down loudness regulator on the speaker , so it is best to have the tablet or the phone as close to the speaker as possible to regulate the sound .	Loudness Control	neutral
Loudness and Loudness Control - There is NO UP or Down loudness regulator on the speaker , so it is best to have the tablet or the phone as close to the speaker as possible to regulate the sound .	loudness regulator	neutral
Loudness and Loudness Control - There is NO UP or Down loudness regulator on the speaker , so it is best to have the tablet or the phone as close to the speaker as possible to regulate the sound .	speaker	neutral
Loudness and Loudness Control - There is NO UP or Down loudness regulator on the speaker , so it is best to have the tablet or the phone as close to the speaker as possible to regulate the sound .	speaker	neutral
Loudness and Loudness Control - There is NO UP or Down loudness regulator on the speaker , so it is best to have the tablet or the phone as close to the speaker as possible to regulate the sound .	sound	neutral
Will not charge my galaxy tab 2 10 using either the samsung or a generic 2 . 1 amp USB charger .	2	neutral
Will not charge my galaxy tab 2 10 using either the samsung or a generic 2 . 1 amp USB charger .	USB charger	neutral
On the other hand I had intended to plug this into an external monitor but the screen size of the laptop is almost as big as my monitor	external monitor	neutral
On the other hand I had intended to plug this into an external monitor but the screen size of the laptop is almost as big as my monitor	screen size	neutral
But my drive had been shut down correctly so again	drive	neutral
I already have a few of Mediabridge 's HDMI cables , so I knew this one would be good quality .	HDMI cables	neutral
I bought two for my wife and I and have used them most evenings for a few hours and they both perform fantastic .	perform	neutral
This morning , I got another call from the StrongVolt guy , " calling to follow up " and again , asking if I would delete or change my review .	StrongVolt guy	neutral
7200RPM Seagate 500 GB ) and seems to perform just as well .	perform	neutral
For this price , especially compared to an original on Dell .	price	neutral
This actually remains darker so you can charge at night , without it blinding you while you sleep .	charge	neutral
A Great product and is priced in the range where it should be , good construction materials ( not heavy steel like my Manfroto stuff ) , but considering you need to pick these up and move them round during a day of studio shooting they move into the really good category .	construction materials	neutral
This has been surprisingly handy for charging my phone and tablet .	charging	neutral
Wheels are great for smooth rolling - a case carry handle for lifting in and out of tight places like car trunks and overhead airplane bins .	Wheels	neutral
I use it anyway , but my laptop hangs over the edges and needs readjusting sometimes .	edges	neutral
SlingMedia is an exceptional company .	SlingMedia	neutral
* half * the size of the 3000 's ugly one ! )	size	neutral
If you need a 2 foot stereo 3 . 5 mm to 3 . 5 mm miniplug cable , this is your cable .	miniplug cable	neutral
As soon as that happened , the Movies icon appeared in the center of the folder and ... PROBLEM SOLVED !	Movies	neutral
I bought these speakers on June 18th , 2008 and they 're still working great as day 1	speakers	neutral
I like this product , and for the price point , if you get sick of the color , is inexpensive enough to order another one and swap them out .	price point	neutral
I like this product , and for the price point , if you get sick of the color , is inexpensive enough to order another one and swap them out .	color	neutral
Cord is a good length , which is good because it takes some moving around the room a bit to get a proper signal .	Cord	neutral
Cord is a good length , which is good because it takes some moving around the room a bit to get a proper signal .	length	neutral
SD slot for extra storage .	SD slot	neutral
The flashdrives come with this vault that password protects your files if you want .	flashdrives	neutral
We immediately formatted to Windows 7 Professional and it runs like a champ !	Windows 7 Professional	neutral
We immediately formatted to Windows 7 Professional and it runs like a champ !	runs	neutral
It has one large pocket for the extras , a shoulder strap that works well and handles .	pocket	neutral
It has one large pocket for the extras , a shoulder strap that works well and handles .	shoulder strap	neutral
It has one large pocket for the extras , a shoulder strap that works well and handles .	handles	neutral
Totally pleased with the price and performance of this item .	price	neutral
Totally pleased with the price and performance of this item .	performance	neutral
There is no parallel port on this machine - you will need to purchase a parallel port card or a USB - parallel port adapter if you have an old parallel port printer , 3 )	parallel port	neutral
There is no parallel port on this machine - you will need to purchase a parallel port card or a USB - parallel port adapter if you have an old parallel port printer , 3 )	parallel port card	neutral
There is no parallel port on this machine - you will need to purchase a parallel port card or a USB - parallel port adapter if you have an old parallel port printer , 3 )	USB - parallel port adapter	neutral
There is no parallel port on this machine - you will need to purchase a parallel port card or a USB - parallel port adapter if you have an old parallel port printer , 3 )	parallel port printer	neutral
After installing my suite of apps , 27 GB of free space was still left on the internal storage .	suite of apps	neutral
After installing my suite of apps , 27 GB of free space was still left on the internal storage .	internal storage	neutral
Also , this adapter was $ 20 cheaper than the one I was going to buy off of a major computer shop on the internet , no sense mentioning thier name .	adapter	neutral
I know this might be a one off case , but in my case , this battery did not work .	battery	neutral
Works great but the hinge that is used to clip the Amp comes loose and the spring comes off and can be lost .	hinge	neutral
Works great but the hinge that is used to clip the Amp comes loose and the spring comes off and can be lost .	spring	neutral
The hardware itself seems to be working fine , but I lost an hour of my life trying to make D - Link 's drivers work .	hardware	neutral
The hardware itself seems to be working fine , but I lost an hour of my life trying to make D - Link 's drivers work .	D - Link	neutral
The hardware itself seems to be working fine , but I lost an hour of my life trying to make D - Link 's drivers work .	drivers	neutral
Optical drives are a dying breed , like floppy drives ...	Optical drives	neutral
Optical drives are a dying breed , like floppy drives ...	floppy drives	neutral
The card plus shipping was less than $ 12 .	card	neutral
The card plus shipping was less than $ 12 .	shipping	neutral
The construction seems sturdy .	construction	neutral
What matters to me most when considering to buy a camcorder is ease of use and low lux , its terrible when you ca n't record decent footage when the lights are dim , this camcorder is satisfactory when it comes to recording in low light indoors .	use	neutral
I have a business - class laptop with 2nd Gen i7 and it was running between 125 and 130 degrees .	running	neutral
But if you need to use Windows often and need performance ( even low intensity applications like Microsoft Word are a bit sluggish under VMware ) then you should think long and hard about buying a Macbook Pro .	Windows	neutral
But if you need to use Windows often and need performance ( even low intensity applications like Microsoft Word are a bit sluggish under VMware ) then you should think long and hard about buying a Macbook Pro .	performance	neutral
But if you need to use Windows often and need performance ( even low intensity applications like Microsoft Word are a bit sluggish under VMware ) then you should think long and hard about buying a Macbook Pro .	applications	neutral
But if you need to use Windows often and need performance ( even low intensity applications like Microsoft Word are a bit sluggish under VMware ) then you should think long and hard about buying a Macbook Pro .	Microsoft Word	neutral
But if you need to use Windows often and need performance ( even low intensity applications like Microsoft Word are a bit sluggish under VMware ) then you should think long and hard about buying a Macbook Pro .	VMware	neutral
The details : Installation : GOOD .	Installation	neutral
Originally I had planned to leave windows on it , and then partition the drive to make Windows a smaller partition than Ubuntu , but i found out that changing the Windows partition makes W7 go haywire ...	windows	neutral
Originally I had planned to leave windows on it , and then partition the drive to make Windows a smaller partition than Ubuntu , but i found out that changing the Windows partition makes W7 go haywire ...	drive	neutral
Originally I had planned to leave windows on it , and then partition the drive to make Windows a smaller partition than Ubuntu , but i found out that changing the Windows partition makes W7 go haywire ...	Windows	neutral
Originally I had planned to leave windows on it , and then partition the drive to make Windows a smaller partition than Ubuntu , but i found out that changing the Windows partition makes W7 go haywire ...	Ubuntu	neutral
Originally I had planned to leave windows on it , and then partition the drive to make Windows a smaller partition than Ubuntu , but i found out that changing the Windows partition makes W7 go haywire ...	Windows partition	neutral
Originally I had planned to leave windows on it , and then partition the drive to make Windows a smaller partition than Ubuntu , but i found out that changing the Windows partition makes W7 go haywire ...	W7	neutral
it.+ Internal MSata mini card slot , which means that the SSD can be switched out with a little knowledge and a screwdriver.+ Internal NGFF card slot for a WLAN / BT / WiDi combo card .	MSata mini card slot	neutral
it.+ Internal MSata mini card slot , which means that the SSD can be switched out with a little knowledge and a screwdriver.+ Internal NGFF card slot for a WLAN / BT / WiDi combo card .	SSD	neutral
it.+ Internal MSata mini card slot , which means that the SSD can be switched out with a little knowledge and a screwdriver.+ Internal NGFF card slot for a WLAN / BT / WiDi combo card .	NGFF card slot	neutral
it.+ Internal MSata mini card slot , which means that the SSD can be switched out with a little knowledge and a screwdriver.+ Internal NGFF card slot for a WLAN / BT / WiDi combo card .	WLAN /	neutral
it.+ Internal MSata mini card slot , which means that the SSD can be switched out with a little knowledge and a screwdriver.+ Internal NGFF card slot for a WLAN / BT / WiDi combo card .	BT /	neutral
it.+ Internal MSata mini card slot , which means that the SSD can be switched out with a little knowledge and a screwdriver.+ Internal NGFF card slot for a WLAN / BT / WiDi combo card .	WiDi combo card	neutral
Dissatisfied , I took it back to another genius only to be met with rude service .	service	neutral
But the downsides -- The mouse pad is a joke , it constantly confuses a touch with a click so you will drag or select things you did not expect , and the reactions are not consistant .	mouse pad	neutral
My laptop is six years old and weighs a ton .	weighs	neutral
and I did so , and it works fine .	works	neutral
I bought the Anker battery because I own two other Anker products and they are great .	battery	neutral
I am a bit disappointed in the lack of this units ability to maintain a charge while not in use .	charge	neutral
Some had mentioned that they were unhappy with the zipper needing to be unzipped all the way	zipper	neutral
Dogs love laptop charger cords .	charger cords	neutral
Medium amount of protection .	protection	neutral
11 g equipment , not 802 . 11b .	802 . 11b	neutral
Use the quick start manual to get started , prompts will help you with set - up .	quick start manual	neutral
Use the quick start manual to get started , prompts will help you with set - up .	set - up	neutral
Third , the fans run very quietly , considering they are not inside a case ( like in other cool / chill pads ) , rendering noise a non - issue .	fans	neutral
With the graphics on it is about 4 . 5 hours watching movies and	graphics	neutral
Over time , this has gotten easier , but still not ideal.- Built into the large flap are two longer pockets .	flap	neutral
Over time , this has gotten easier , but still not ideal.- Built into the large flap are two longer pockets .	pockets	neutral
But , again ... this was not a deciding factor for me ; merely a bit of an inconvenience if I 'm someplace where it is n't practical to use speakers .	speakers	neutral
According to Google this is symptomatic of a defective cell .	cell	neutral
Easy setup and " Presto " , internet .	setup	neutral
Easy setup and " Presto " , internet .	internet	neutral
the keys tend to ' jump ' when you type too fast - what I mean is , if I were to type the quick brown fox and type too fast , it becomes the oxthe quick brown f , this problem always happens with PCs Dell , HP , Lenovo , never applee .	keys	neutral
the audio quality is less than perfect , and the gain is less than with a direct line , but what do you expect ?	audio quality	neutral
the audio quality is less than perfect , and the gain is less than with a direct line , but what do you expect ?	gain	neutral
I bought this dock to use with my new Dell Studio 1555 .	dock	neutral
Great accessory and a must for your tf300 , that extra battery life is a life saver and good size keyboard that is very confortable and responsive .	battery life	neutral
Great accessory and a must for your tf300 , that extra battery life is a life saver and good size keyboard that is very confortable and responsive .	keyboard	neutral
With or without the case , the Macbook Pro stays snug inside the sleeve without much wiggle room .	case	neutral
With or without the case , the Macbook Pro stays snug inside the sleeve without much wiggle room .	sleeve	neutral
After all , it 's a power cord there is only one thing that can go wrong how can they all be so bad .	power cord	neutral
This AC adapter works great for me with my Apple 15	AC adapter	neutral
Therefore , a connector like this which has those extra pins works just fine .	connector	neutral
Be sure to use the right cable and the right power outlet ( from the battery pack ) for the right device .	cable	neutral
Be sure to use the right cable and the right power outlet ( from the battery pack ) for the right device .	power outlet	neutral
Be sure to use the right cable and the right power outlet ( from the battery pack ) for the right device .	battery pack	neutral
Glass users , beware , I use glass and notice that it cause a " glare " sensation ... and increase the " reflex " effect .	Glass	neutral
If you are looking to use this with an HD camera , I say this is your best bet .	HD camera	neutral
It works as advertised , very thick cable does not feel like it would break anytime soon .	cable	neutral
and I never lose connectivity .	connectivity	neutral
One of the aux tips broke apart once I connected it into my phone .	aux tips	neutral
This laptop ships with Apple 's new operating system OS X 10 .	operating system OS X 10 .	neutral
The 8 - 9 hour battery life they promote is only true if you have the display turned down and bluetooth and wireless turned off .	battery life	neutral
The 8 - 9 hour battery life they promote is only true if you have the display turned down and bluetooth and wireless turned off .	display	neutral
The 8 - 9 hour battery life they promote is only true if you have the display turned down and bluetooth and wireless turned off .	bluetooth	neutral
The 8 - 9 hour battery life they promote is only true if you have the display turned down and bluetooth and wireless turned off .	wireless	neutral
Light weight and plenty of filter cap on the output - the blue LED is still illuminated 8 - 10 seconds after powering down .	filter cap	neutral
Light weight and plenty of filter cap on the output - the blue LED is still illuminated 8 - 10 seconds after powering down .	blue LED	neutral
My only gripe with the laptop is the operating system .	operating system	neutral
My Wii could n't tell that an Ethernet cable was even connected with this adapter plugged into the USB port .	Ethernet cable	neutral
My Wii could n't tell that an Ethernet cable was even connected with this adapter plugged into the USB port .	USB port	neutral
Great reliable product ... easy to use , designed for travel ..... great company service in terms of clarifying usage (	use	neutral
Great reliable product ... easy to use , designed for travel ..... great company service in terms of clarifying usage (	company service	neutral
My only complaints were that the colors are a bit much , the keyboard was a bit too widely spaced for my fingers , and ultimately I wanted something a bit smaller .	colors	neutral
My only complaints were that the colors are a bit much , the keyboard was a bit too widely spaced for my fingers , and ultimately I wanted something a bit smaller .	keyboard	neutral
The keys are the chicklet or island style and are easy to use without messing up .	keys	neutral
The keys are the chicklet or island style and are easy to use without messing up .	use	neutral
You can tweak the contrast up from this point to give the image some snap , but do n't go too high	contrast	neutral
and I could n't even control the arrow / pointer .	arrow /	neutral
and I could n't even control the arrow / pointer .	pointer	neutral
I do have to hit the button on the transmitter everytime I power on the headphones to reconnect , but that is a minor issue .	transmitter	neutral
I do have to hit the button on the transmitter everytime I power on the headphones to reconnect , but that is a minor issue .	headphones	neutral
The screen itself is excellent at what it is designed to do .	screen	neutral
In box" ... and listed some specs .	specs	neutral
So it should be a while before you have to go in for that battery replacement .	battery	neutral
Finally , configuration and price .	configuration	neutral
Finally , configuration and price .	price	neutral
For that plus two giant floppy drives and 64 K of RAM ( and NO hard drive at all ) , my family paid almost five times what the Aspire One cost me in 2008 .	floppy drives	neutral
For that plus two giant floppy drives and 64 K of RAM ( and NO hard drive at all ) , my family paid almost five times what the Aspire One cost me in 2008 .	RAM	neutral
For that plus two giant floppy drives and 64 K of RAM ( and NO hard drive at all ) , my family paid almost five times what the Aspire One cost me in 2008 .	hard drive	neutral
The new YouTube apps are not supported , you ca n't even download them from the official marketplace because they require greater screen resolution .	YouTube apps	neutral
The new YouTube apps are not supported , you ca n't even download them from the official marketplace because they require greater screen resolution .	screen resolution	neutral
Calling or asking Dell will result in them blaming the battery and/or power board inside the computer .	battery	neutral
Calling or asking Dell will result in them blaming the battery and/or power board inside the computer .	power board	neutral
I plan on purchasing more of these enclosures as needed .	enclosures	neutral
Additionally there 's another lightly cushioned zippered back compartment that has a pocked for an ipad sized device which I use all the time for my ipad .	zippered	neutral
Additionally there 's another lightly cushioned zippered back compartment that has a pocked for an ipad sized device which I use all the time for my ipad .	back compartment	neutral
The case is soft leather and feels secure , not hard and slippery in the hand .	case	neutral
The arrow keys are larger on this laptop which is also a big plus in the gaming world .	arrow keys	neutral
The arrow keys are larger on this laptop which is also a big plus in the gaming world .	gaming	neutral
The spacebar requires a very hard push to make it work , therefore making it difficult to type .	spacebar	neutral
Do n't forget to turn me off when you 're done ! " , but the power switch is on the back of the subwoofer , so let 's face it	power switch	neutral
Do n't forget to turn me off when you 're done ! " , but the power switch is on the back of the subwoofer , so let 's face it	subwoofer	neutral
I prefer this retina 's build quality over the older macbook pros and airs because it does n't make ANY sound .	build quality	neutral
Also , you can stretch the number of plugs with these by bringing a small power strip with you to provide multiple American - style outlets off of one of these converters .	plugs	neutral
Also , you can stretch the number of plugs with these by bringing a small power strip with you to provide multiple American - style outlets off of one of these converters .	power strip	neutral
It 's a pleasure to do work on this thing , and when docked you can get the added boost of the Radeon HD GPU to really add some zing .	Radeon HD GPU	neutral
Most laptop users , no matter which hand they use , are used to clicking below a touch pad .	touch pad	neutral
It has good protection and plenty of storage space .	protection	neutral
It has good protection and plenty of storage space .	storage space	neutral
I have a working external firewire 800 sata drive enclosure that works great with a hard drive .	external firewire 800 sata drive enclosure	neutral
I have a working external firewire 800 sata drive enclosure that works great with a hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
The keyboard has a glossy black top body , textured black keys and the liner below the keys is a red - orange .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard has a glossy black top body , textured black keys and the liner below the keys is a red - orange .	top body	neutral
The keyboard has a glossy black top body , textured black keys and the liner below the keys is a red - orange .	keys	neutral
The keyboard has a glossy black top body , textured black keys and the liner below the keys is a red - orange .	liner	neutral
The keyboard has a glossy black top body , textured black keys and the liner below the keys is a red - orange .	keys	neutral
and it was free shipping so that is always a plus !	shipping	neutral
Do not worry about volume levels it easily fills up a room , do not expect it to fill up a house ..	volume levels	neutral
The Leopard OS is way better than Vista .	Leopard OS	neutral
The Leopard OS is way better than Vista .	Vista	neutral
One last thing , though Dell 's customer service does take longer time than average , I HIGHLY recommend buying a hardware warranty , I needed it in the past and it paid out well , in fact my former Dell Adamo was a replacement for an older model that Dell simply offered to send instead of repairing the older one , how cool was that ? !	customer service	neutral
One last thing , though Dell 's customer service does take longer time than average , I HIGHLY recommend buying a hardware warranty , I needed it in the past and it paid out well , in fact my former Dell Adamo was a replacement for an older model that Dell simply offered to send instead of repairing the older one , how cool was that ? !	hardware warranty	neutral
Without it , I can still barely get the netbook into the sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
My laptop is noticeably slower if my battery is charging or if I just use the charger ( without my battery ) .	battery	neutral
My laptop is noticeably slower if my battery is charging or if I just use the charger ( without my battery ) .	charger	neutral
My laptop is noticeably slower if my battery is charging or if I just use the charger ( without my battery ) .	battery	neutral
This is not the case with touch screen .	touch screen	neutral
Now I am having a problem with the cooler fan	cooler fan	neutral
I was going to return the item , becuase another fan did nt really work as good as the others , but well , after 2 days that fan is working great , and the noise is gone , maybe it just needed to be used a bit .	fan	neutral
I was going to return the item , becuase another fan did nt really work as good as the others , but well , after 2 days that fan is working great , and the noise is gone , maybe it just needed to be used a bit .	fan	neutral
Do n't know why so many top end computers and laptops have separate mic and speaker adapters and so many great headsets hae one single combined adapter ?	mic and speaker adapters	neutral
Although you would get a nice performance boost if you turn off all the startup daemons , I only kept on 3 out of more then a dozen or so .	performance	neutral
Although you would get a nice performance boost if you turn off all the startup daemons , I only kept on 3 out of more then a dozen or so .	startup daemons	neutral
It was the only hard side case that was solid around the edges only , allowing flexibility to expand for the power supply and a mouse in the outer pocket .	hard	neutral
It was the only hard side case that was solid around the edges only , allowing flexibility to expand for the power supply and a mouse in the outer pocket .	power supply	neutral
It was the only hard side case that was solid around the edges only , allowing flexibility to expand for the power supply and a mouse in the outer pocket .	mouse	neutral
I have to admit I judged the product before even using it like judging a book by its cover .	cover	neutral
It can also hold a cell phone or small notebook like a steno pad in addition to the netbook , but not much else .	steno pad	neutral
The procedure for charging the battery when it is totally dead was not what I expected .	charging	neutral
The procedure for charging the battery when it is totally dead was not what I expected .	battery	neutral
My initial thoughts were I could swap out the fans if they died and I generally like cooler master products .	fans	neutral
Setup is not difficult and I have only had to change the channel once to keep the neighbors from interfering with my signal .	Setup	neutral
The price is pretty reasonable for an entry level tablet from a reputable brand like Wacom .	price	neutral
No cons , this is a fantastic cable .	cable	neutral
However , I 'm sure that you can fit a battery charger and other items as well if you own a 13 . 3 inch laptop .	battery charger	neutral
But the keyboard cover is n't sturdy enough for me .	keyboard cover	neutral
Very happy with the purchase and the two year extension on the warranty was very reasonable from ACER at $ 75 .	warranty	neutral
: This is purely for display , I have not tried the monitor 's audio or webcam functions as I do n't need them .	display	neutral
: This is purely for display , I have not tried the monitor 's audio or webcam functions as I do n't need them .	monitor 's audio	neutral
: This is purely for display , I have not tried the monitor 's audio or webcam functions as I do n't need them .	webcam functions	neutral
For the small size , they put out great sound and you can really crank them up if you want to .	size	neutral
For the small size , they put out great sound and you can really crank them up if you want to .	sound	neutral
AND .. they love it for their games .	games	neutral
It still works really great , by pushing air down and a bit to the left right towards my laptop 's intake fan !	intake fan	neutral
I looked at all the different angles of many similar products and I wanted something that would stand without the likeliness of toppling forward ( screen side down -just like jelly on toast would )	screen	neutral
The forward button is the easiest to reach when mousing	forward button	neutral
I use this amplifier for the headphone output of my digital SLR .	headphone output	neutral
It does work well for keeping the cords organizes ( especially the AC power cord ) .	cords	neutral
It does work well for keeping the cords organizes ( especially the AC power cord ) .	AC power cord	neutral
They fit fine in my luggage , but not in my laptop bag , and I still have to carry chargers for my cell phone , phone earpiece , and iPod .	chargers	neutral
Battery life is as good as any I'v had .	Battery life	neutral
I found a video on YouTube that showed me how to take the old keyboard out .	keyboard	neutral
5ghz sounds low , but 4 cores in a general purpose Windows environment has been working very well for me .	cores	neutral
5ghz sounds low , but 4 cores in a general purpose Windows environment has been working very well for me .	Windows	neutral
To some , this may not be an issue , but to me , I like to have a firm connection .	connection	neutral
Laptop batteries are expensive , expecially for some older laptops .	batteries	neutral
For example , Cyberlink PowerDirector 8 will not run on my netbook due to minimum screen resolution .	Cyberlink PowerDirector 8	neutral
For example , Cyberlink PowerDirector 8 will not run on my netbook due to minimum screen resolution .	screen resolution	neutral
I had a little issue getting the battery to fit into my dv2000 , but it works great .	battery	neutral
Definitely worth the cost if you want accurate color .	cost	neutral
Definitely worth the cost if you want accurate color .	color	neutral
There are additional features that it has that I have not figured out from the instructions this may be a negative however in my case I do not need them .	features	neutral
I 'm counting the ram as a mandatory upgrade if you want to avoid a sluggish user experience .	ram	neutral
It 's well worth the price .	price	neutral
Aside from that , the laptop is very tempting for the price , and the remote is just beautiful , you can even turn you computer on with it .	price	neutral
Aside from that , the laptop is very tempting for the price , and the remote is just beautiful , you can even turn you computer on with it .	remote	neutral
58 mm center pinch lens caps work great , even when I have my lens hood attached .	58 mm center pinch lens caps	neutral
58 mm center pinch lens caps work great , even when I have my lens hood attached .	lens hood	neutral
It only has one zipper on the top for your laptop , one in the back and two in the front .	zipper	neutral
The arrow keys could have been a bit bigger as there is room along the lower right side of the keyboard .	arrow keys	neutral
The arrow keys could have been a bit bigger as there is room along the lower right side of the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
, after re - booting , the adapter automatically found the correct driver in Network Preferences .	adapter	neutral
, after re - booting , the adapter automatically found the correct driver in Network Preferences .	driver	neutral
, after re - booting , the adapter automatically found the correct driver in Network Preferences .	Network	neutral
PERFECT FOR THE PROTECTION I NEEDED , IT IS WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR ,	PROTECTION	neutral
Had to get a new case for it to handle the width2 .	case	neutral
Had to get a new case for it to handle the width2 .	width2	neutral
you 're like me and do n't use cd drives ( thanks to imac and macbook air ) , finding the driver online was a chore .	cd drives	neutral
you 're like me and do n't use cd drives ( thanks to imac and macbook air ) , finding the driver online was a chore .	driver	neutral
But if you are using it with your computer , just plug its power cord into any available USB port and it will keep the battery charged .	power cord	neutral
But if you are using it with your computer , just plug its power cord into any available USB port and it will keep the battery charged .	USB port	neutral
But if you are using it with your computer , just plug its power cord into any available USB port and it will keep the battery charged .	battery	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
The Ivy Bridge Intel Core i5 dual - core processor is blazing fast .	Ivy Bridge Intel Core i5 dual - core processor	neutral
I tried that one first at twice the price and after working with the tech support from Toshiba	price	neutral
I tried that one first at twice the price and after working with the tech support from Toshiba	tech support from Toshiba	neutral
Installation was a breeze and loading the operating system was easy .	operating system	neutral
It works great with headphones , but the speakers sound is very weak & comes out of the bottom of this thing , so when you set it down it muffles the sound .	speakers	neutral
I bought this GPS system because of two reasons - it had the largest LCD screen for its price range on the market today , and because of all the 5-star ratings on Amazon .	GPS system	neutral
I bought this GPS system because of two reasons - it had the largest LCD screen for its price range on the market today , and because of all the 5-star ratings on Amazon .	LCD screen	neutral
I bought this GPS system because of two reasons - it had the largest LCD screen for its price range on the market today , and because of all the 5-star ratings on Amazon .	price range	neutral
Front zippered compartment is nice size for holding your charger .	charger	neutral
There 's dozens of settings you can tweak with this set	settings	neutral
Update 5/25/14This keyboard is still working and has been passed off through 4 computers with no trouble .	keyboard	neutral
The guard will quickly deform to interfere with fan operation , leading to heating of the fan motor , heating the air which is subsequently blown in to the laptop .	guard	neutral
The guard will quickly deform to interfere with fan operation , leading to heating of the fan motor , heating the air which is subsequently blown in to the laptop .	fan operation	neutral
The guard will quickly deform to interfere with fan operation , leading to heating of the fan motor , heating the air which is subsequently blown in to the laptop .	fan motor	neutral
Then I connect the vga cable and auxiliary cable and I 'm in business .	vga cable	neutral
Then I connect the vga cable and auxiliary cable and I 'm in business .	auxiliary cable	neutral
The seams appear to be very well made , with no sloppy stitching or rough edges .	seams	neutral
The seams appear to be very well made , with no sloppy stitching or rough edges .	stitching	neutral
The seams appear to be very well made , with no sloppy stitching or rough edges .	edges	neutral
The battery needed a small amount of simple modification with a Dremel to get it to fit the UV-5RA	battery	neutral
Great price too .	price	neutral
Three hundred for .4 ghz , backlit keyboard and a 250 gb hard drive is n't worth it for me .	backlit keyboard	neutral
These are just a tiny bit stiffer material , but still great to use .	material	neutral
These are just a tiny bit stiffer material , but still great to use .	use	neutral
While viewing System Profiler > Power , the battery already had 2 previous charge cycles , and was accepting a charge from my Macbook .	System Profiler	neutral
While viewing System Profiler > Power , the battery already had 2 previous charge cycles , and was accepting a charge from my Macbook .	Power	neutral
While viewing System Profiler > Power , the battery already had 2 previous charge cycles , and was accepting a charge from my Macbook .	battery	neutral
While viewing System Profiler > Power , the battery already had 2 previous charge cycles , and was accepting a charge from my Macbook .	charge cycles	neutral
It is just small enough to be able to migrate it around the house , yet it is still able to fit a full - sized number pad .	number pad	neutral
Just download the drivers from the Internet .	drivers	neutral
These are great speakers for the money .	speakers	neutral
I prefer the USB adaptor to laptop card because laptop wireless cards can easily get knocked or damaged as they stick out the side of the machine ( problem if you travel regularly ) .	USB adaptor	neutral
I prefer the USB adaptor to laptop card because laptop wireless cards can easily get knocked or damaged as they stick out the side of the machine ( problem if you travel regularly ) .	wireless cards	neutral
Overall , it 's a nice camera for the price .	price	neutral
The picture is exquisite , and far outpaces the three - year - old Sony VEGA set it replaced ( the old set only did 720p , for one thing ...	picture	neutral
The computer I have with Windows XP on it is obviously an older computer from 2005	Windows XP	neutral
I do n't know what inspired the designer to put the speaker / earphone jack in the middle of the front edge , instead of on the side or the back , but that 's about my only gripe .	speaker / earphone jack	neutral
The bass could be a little deeper but for the price they sound good ; that 's not really a complaint .	bass	neutral
The bass could be a little deeper but for the price they sound good ; that 's not really a complaint .	price	neutral
All had frustrating " jumpy , unpredictable cursor " too often .	cursor	neutral
It lasts about 2 hours with regular use on battery .	battery	neutral
All my apps , contacts , calendar and browsing tabs were there , just like on my old Chromebook .	browsing	neutral
If you want GPS on a wifi only iPad I would suggest this add on .	GPS	neutral
If you think this wo n't be a problem for you then this is the perfect mouse to pick up .	mouse	neutral
My old laptop 's power adapter had a right angle , where this one is straight .	power adapter	neutral
In addition , it seems to weigh a little less than the OEM battery .	weigh	neutral
In addition , it seems to weigh a little less than the OEM battery .	battery	neutral
it actually opens like its supposed toI have been using pcs all my life	opens	neutral
I was taken in by the low price of this item , but it seems I 'm getting what I paid for .	price	neutral
The sound is n't even good .	sound	neutral
Others have commented on how short and stiff the cable is that comes with this , so I wo n't belabor the point much further except to point out something I have n't seen mentioned on here before	cable	neutral
Just know that it is of lower quality than original .	quality	neutral
The speakers for my laptop , well lets just say they are less than stellar .	speakers	neutral
Got mine for $ 1749 ( after rebates -- no tax or shipping ) from Amazon .	shipping	neutral
There is one very small pocket in the front that is too small for most things .	pocket	neutral
Great battery life .	battery life	neutral
This has not happened everytime but it is annoying so before plugging into AC , I manually set the performace by pushing the left side power button and put it in Power Save mode .	AC	neutral
This has not happened everytime but it is annoying so before plugging into AC , I manually set the performace by pushing the left side power button and put it in Power Save mode .	performace	neutral
This has not happened everytime but it is annoying so before plugging into AC , I manually set the performace by pushing the left side power button and put it in Power Save mode .	Power Save mode	neutral
It 's great for normal use , and excels for gaming use .	use	neutral
It 's great for normal use , and excels for gaming use .	gaming use	neutral
The instructions there are simple enough , make more sense , and generally produce the right result .	instructions	neutral
Install was easy , the software was well designed , and the speeds are great !	software	neutral
Install was easy , the software was well designed , and the speeds are great !	speeds	neutral
all I have to do is turn off the headsets to disconnect bluetooth link and turn it back on to establish it .	headsets	neutral
all I have to do is turn off the headsets to disconnect bluetooth link and turn it back on to establish it .	bluetooth link	neutral
For the record , I 've ordered inexpensive chargers like this for Dell laptops probably 8 times over the last few years .	chargers	neutral
You can generally get 8 - 10 hours if you do light web browsing ( especially with safari as it is built by apple ) .	web browsing	neutral
You can generally get 8 - 10 hours if you do light web browsing ( especially with safari as it is built by apple ) .	safari	neutral
The capacity currently EXCEEDS the maximum stated .	capacity	neutral
Speed improved with upgrade to 2 GB RAM .	Speed	neutral
No , we do say that the customer needs to be careful.'I am passing on these words of wisdom onto other people who are considering purchasing this lock for their laptop .	lock	neutral
The Patriot Fuel+ comes in several different capacities .	Patriot Fuel+	neutral
Old battery is detected fine after installing while already booted into Windows .	battery	neutral
Old battery is detected fine after installing while already booted into Windows .	Windows	neutral
27 Inch LED lit Professional Graphicsand another Acer one with 1920x1200 .	LED lit Professional Graphicsand	neutral
I ordered 5 of these for my girlfriend and myself since we had a few cables break in a short period of time .	cables	neutral
It 's small , lightweight , holds a charge	charge	neutral
Ca n't comment on the value of the warranty as I have not used it ... and I am a VERY heavy usenet user - frequently downloading 24x7 several days per week !	warranty	neutral
It 's certainly a nicer one - panel solution than Windows 8 .	one - panel	neutral
It 's certainly a nicer one - panel solution than Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
It was easy to connect my old fan , so with three fans at work , my laptop receives pretty good air flow on its underside , something that can be really important , when your computer is n't located in an air conditioned space .	fans	neutral
But so far four different server drives with varying file systems and	server drives	neutral
But so far four different server drives with varying file systems and	file systems	neutral
As for sound staying in sync , I so no problem .	sound	neutral
The highly configurable Synaptics touchpad works well and the glass surface is smooth to the touch .	Synaptics touchpad	neutral
The highly configurable Synaptics touchpad works well and the glass surface is smooth to the touch .	glass surface	neutral
There are 2 USB ports that are accessible via a piece that flaps open but it seems to be a magnet - like piece , so be ready to use your nails to pull it out .	USB ports	neutral
Laptop 's LCD does n't work in this setup .	LCD	neutral
Laptop 's LCD does n't work in this setup .	setup	neutral
Some people on here have raved about the colors , I feel like they are just the same as my Samsung 's , which are truly great .	colors	neutral
Again , it works vastly better than the multi - touch pad in my newest Dell .	multi - touch pad	neutral
The storage compartment is great for things like pens , computer disks , memory cards , simple earbuds or a * small * mouse , but it 's not large enough for a regular mouse , the laptop 's power cord or a headset with mic .	storage compartment	neutral
The storage compartment is great for things like pens , computer disks , memory cards , simple earbuds or a * small * mouse , but it 's not large enough for a regular mouse , the laptop 's power cord or a headset with mic .	memory cards	neutral
The storage compartment is great for things like pens , computer disks , memory cards , simple earbuds or a * small * mouse , but it 's not large enough for a regular mouse , the laptop 's power cord or a headset with mic .	mouse	neutral
The storage compartment is great for things like pens , computer disks , memory cards , simple earbuds or a * small * mouse , but it 's not large enough for a regular mouse , the laptop 's power cord or a headset with mic .	mouse	neutral
The storage compartment is great for things like pens , computer disks , memory cards , simple earbuds or a * small * mouse , but it 's not large enough for a regular mouse , the laptop 's power cord or a headset with mic .	power cord	neutral
The storage compartment is great for things like pens , computer disks , memory cards , simple earbuds or a * small * mouse , but it 's not large enough for a regular mouse , the laptop 's power cord or a headset with mic .	mic	neutral
The color is a little off .	color	neutral
In the other hand it will be perfect with windows 7 , but not everything is as we like and this one comes with Windows 8 ( not good ) .	windows 7	neutral
In the other hand it will be perfect with windows 7 , but not everything is as we like and this one comes with Windows 8 ( not good ) .	Windows 8	neutral
It fits fine , and the color is great , but I am not a fan of the other aspects .	color	neutral
I 'm so glad that this cord was available .	cord	neutral
Easy to install and use .	install	neutral
Easy to install and use .	use	neutral
Well , with it 's USB	USB	neutral
I highly recommend this sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
the usb is only available if it is not charging a battery .	usb	neutral
the usb is only available if it is not charging a battery .	battery	neutral
I love these USB 2 . 0	USB 2 . 0	neutral
This feature really helps turn this machine into a desktop workstation replacement .	feature	neutral
This is a GREAT little computer that has been totally cleaned up and reloaded with late generation OX software .	OX software	neutral
After two initial clicks , I learned that you need to click the buttons on the slanted angle , piece of cake .	buttons	neutral
Shipping was fast , too !	Shipping	neutral
While it is easily stained with fingerprints , I love the way the shell feels .	shell	neutral
The cloths were exactly as described and exactly as delivered in the first order .	cloths	neutral
You need to let the battery charge up first , then completely discharge down to nothing then recharge it to get the full 9 hours out of it .	battery	neutral
There is no volume control .	volume control	neutral
GPU handling and switching is reliant on the driver.- This laptop can do Dual Graphics under Windows ( Vista+ ) only .	GPU handling	neutral
GPU handling and switching is reliant on the driver.- This laptop can do Dual Graphics under Windows ( Vista+ ) only .	driver.-	neutral
GPU handling and switching is reliant on the driver.- This laptop can do Dual Graphics under Windows ( Vista+ ) only .	Graphics	neutral
GPU handling and switching is reliant on the driver.- This laptop can do Dual Graphics under Windows ( Vista+ ) only .	Windows	neutral
GPU handling and switching is reliant on the driver.- This laptop can do Dual Graphics under Windows ( Vista+ ) only .	Vista+	neutral
I am using it with Windows XP .	Windows XP	neutral
Instead I find out the only way to contact support is through email .	support	neutral
As far as the features of the pack are concerned , there are several other handy pouches for carrying your phone and laptop peripherals .	features	neutral
The Kensington battery Amazon is selling is model K33396US .	battery	neutral
At this price point , if something breaks I 'll buy another one just like it , and I do n't say that lightly .	price point	neutral
Also the usuable space on the hard drive is 675 GB .	space	neutral
Also the usuable space on the hard drive is 675 GB .	hard drive	neutral
It works very well on Vista SP2 32 bit .	Vista SP2 32 bit	neutral
The sound is alright , but considering how inexpensive this unit is , you should n't be expecting Dolby Digital precision or anything like that .	sound	neutral
The sound is alright , but considering how inexpensive this unit is , you should n't be expecting Dolby Digital precision or anything like that .	Dolby Digital precision	neutral
After two hours of charging , I picked it up and nearly burned my hand .	charging	neutral
When it became apparent that an old laptop needed more memory I searched the standard " big name " memory sites for modules .	memory	neutral
When it became apparent that an old laptop needed more memory I searched the standard " big name " memory sites for modules .	memory	neutral
There were some minor features I did n't like .	features	neutral
I 'm ok with that for the price I guess .	price	neutral
Use Windows Media Center for most of my viewing .	Windows Media Center	neutral
Well , it turns out , actually , I 'd restarted the server and when it came back up , the camera resumed it 's full functionality once again .	camera	neutral
Well , it turns out , actually , I 'd restarted the server and when it came back up , the camera resumed it 's full functionality once again .	functionality	neutral
It makes all my SanDisk SD cards come to life !	SanDisk SD cards	neutral
I wanted this for ease of use and sound ....	use	neutral
I wanted this for ease of use and sound ....	sound	neutral
Charger works and is an okay substitute for the original .	Charger	neutral
And as an added bonus , the charging cable is actually a USB cable , so can be used to connect to your computer .	charging cable	neutral
And as an added bonus , the charging cable is actually a USB cable , so can be used to connect to your computer .	USB cable	neutral
It works well for my ipod touch and it also charges the battery while in use-	works	neutral
It works well for my ipod touch and it also charges the battery while in use-	charges	neutral
It works well for my ipod touch and it also charges the battery while in use-	battery	neutral
So i decided to buy another one , because the ones i had b4 did nt do that , so thinking that it would be like my old adapters it should be at the right settings , but nope .	adapters	neutral
While I was initially skeptical about Monster 's unique approach with some of this adapter 's features , I have grown to like it and it has now replaced my previous " favorite " adapter .	features	neutral
Extra battery , USB port and a keyboard for when she needs to do serious work .	battery	neutral
Extra battery , USB port and a keyboard for when she needs to do serious work .	USB port	neutral
Extra battery , USB port and a keyboard for when she needs to do serious work .	keyboard	neutral
I agree that the webcam is not as good as my full sized laptops , but it is good enough for my purposes .	webcam	neutral
the polycarbonate would 've shattered from that same fall .	polycarbonate	neutral
BUT THEIR USE IS NOT IMPERITIVE,)THE HIGH COOLING	HIGH	neutral
BUT THEIR USE IS NOT IMPERITIVE,)THE HIGH COOLING	COOLING	neutral
When working with windows 32 bit systems , the quick launch buttons does not work , neither the HP Tone Control Utility for the treble bass , I asked HP Support and they told me that the QLB only works in 64 bit edittions .	windows 32 bit systems	neutral
When working with windows 32 bit systems , the quick launch buttons does not work , neither the HP Tone Control Utility for the treble bass , I asked HP Support and they told me that the QLB only works in 64 bit edittions .	quick launch buttons	neutral
When working with windows 32 bit systems , the quick launch buttons does not work , neither the HP Tone Control Utility for the treble bass , I asked HP Support and they told me that the QLB only works in 64 bit edittions .	HP Tone Control Utility	neutral
When working with windows 32 bit systems , the quick launch buttons does not work , neither the HP Tone Control Utility for the treble bass , I asked HP Support and they told me that the QLB only works in 64 bit edittions .	treble bass	neutral
When working with windows 32 bit systems , the quick launch buttons does not work , neither the HP Tone Control Utility for the treble bass , I asked HP Support and they told me that the QLB only works in 64 bit edittions .	HP Support	neutral
When working with windows 32 bit systems , the quick launch buttons does not work , neither the HP Tone Control Utility for the treble bass , I asked HP Support and they told me that the QLB only works in 64 bit edittions .	QLB	neutral
It uses the same Realtek chipset and the housing even looks almost the same ( if anything , the sabrent housing may be a touch better - designed than the Alfa , as it has more venting to dissipate heat).The	Realtek chipset	neutral
It uses the same Realtek chipset and the housing even looks almost the same ( if anything , the sabrent housing may be a touch better - designed than the Alfa , as it has more venting to dissipate heat).The	housing	neutral
It uses the same Realtek chipset and the housing even looks almost the same ( if anything , the sabrent housing may be a touch better - designed than the Alfa , as it has more venting to dissipate heat).The	sabrent housing	neutral
Virus protection built in .	Virus protection	neutral
Of course , no power cords will fit in the sleeve ; this is just for the laptop .	power cords	neutral
Life is good	Life	neutral
I would recommend using a sleeve with the 16 's as the corners are exposed against the inside of the zippers .	sleeve	neutral
I would recommend using a sleeve with the 16 's as the corners are exposed against the inside of the zippers .	16 's	neutral
I would recommend using a sleeve with the 16 's as the corners are exposed against the inside of the zippers .	corners	neutral
I would recommend using a sleeve with the 16 's as the corners are exposed against the inside of the zippers .	zippers	neutral
--I recently had to take a computer - based exam and most of the extension cords were two - prong .	extension cords	neutral
It 's much easier to carry around the keyboard instead of a laptop .	keyboard	neutral
Pretty straight - forward product -- a case with 3 individual pouches for filters .	filters	neutral
I am also not one that is overly concerned about the quality of speakers , if they work and provide good sound then in my book	speakers	neutral
Sometime the retractable head can not fully extend and connect into the usb slot but for the most part it worked well	retractable head	neutral
Sometime the retractable head can not fully extend and connect into the usb slot but for the most part it worked well	usb slot	neutral
i. e. , hyper fast and precision mode .	precision mode	neutral
power cord on brick is only about 60 inches , so you can not get " height".Update firmware from	power cord	neutral
power cord on brick is only about 60 inches , so you can not get " height".Update firmware from	firmware	neutral
None of the cards provided anything approaching stable operation .	cards	neutral
None of the cards provided anything approaching stable operation .	operation	neutral
I also carry an extra shirt and that fits nicely where the small - factor laptop or DVD player would go .	DVD player	neutral
This bag is more than you would expect for the price .	price	neutral
so while using the power from the port , another device can be connected through it .	power	neutral
so while using the power from the port , another device can be connected through it .	port	neutral
My last flash drive ( a PNY mini attache ) literally fell apart in my hands , so I bought something better this time .	flash drive	neutral
The USB cable is awesomely self - contained .	USB cable	neutral
Fan is fairly quiet .	Fan	neutral
And the battery life kinda sucks to	battery life	neutral
This Belkin splitter perfectly split a stereo headphone jack into two stereo headphone jacks .	Belkin splitter	neutral
This Belkin splitter perfectly split a stereo headphone jack into two stereo headphone jacks .	stereo headphone jack	neutral
This Belkin splitter perfectly split a stereo headphone jack into two stereo headphone jacks .	stereo headphone jacks	neutral
This fit my T520 perfectly and works fine .	works	neutral
A Li - ion battery will last for so many charges and start to decline in performance after that ; A good Li - ion battery that should give you the full manufacturer performance for about 12 - 18 months if you use the device it is powering enough to cycle the battery ( fully discharge ) about once a day and do not over charge it ( most modern laptops have no worry of this as they cut off the charging circuit when the battery is full and do not turn it back on until it drops below 95 % ) , after that point you can expect to see declining performance which will vary but as a general rule you should expect about a 15%-20 % decline in performance every 2 - 3 months .	Li - ion battery	neutral
A Li - ion battery will last for so many charges and start to decline in performance after that ; A good Li - ion battery that should give you the full manufacturer performance for about 12 - 18 months if you use the device it is powering enough to cycle the battery ( fully discharge ) about once a day and do not over charge it ( most modern laptops have no worry of this as they cut off the charging circuit when the battery is full and do not turn it back on until it drops below 95 % ) , after that point you can expect to see declining performance which will vary but as a general rule you should expect about a 15%-20 % decline in performance every 2 - 3 months .	performance	neutral
A Li - ion battery will last for so many charges and start to decline in performance after that ; A good Li - ion battery that should give you the full manufacturer performance for about 12 - 18 months if you use the device it is powering enough to cycle the battery ( fully discharge ) about once a day and do not over charge it ( most modern laptops have no worry of this as they cut off the charging circuit when the battery is full and do not turn it back on until it drops below 95 % ) , after that point you can expect to see declining performance which will vary but as a general rule you should expect about a 15%-20 % decline in performance every 2 - 3 months .	Li - ion	neutral
A Li - ion battery will last for so many charges and start to decline in performance after that ; A good Li - ion battery that should give you the full manufacturer performance for about 12 - 18 months if you use the device it is powering enough to cycle the battery ( fully discharge ) about once a day and do not over charge it ( most modern laptops have no worry of this as they cut off the charging circuit when the battery is full and do not turn it back on until it drops below 95 % ) , after that point you can expect to see declining performance which will vary but as a general rule you should expect about a 15%-20 % decline in performance every 2 - 3 months .	battery	neutral
A Li - ion battery will last for so many charges and start to decline in performance after that ; A good Li - ion battery that should give you the full manufacturer performance for about 12 - 18 months if you use the device it is powering enough to cycle the battery ( fully discharge ) about once a day and do not over charge it ( most modern laptops have no worry of this as they cut off the charging circuit when the battery is full and do not turn it back on until it drops below 95 % ) , after that point you can expect to see declining performance which will vary but as a general rule you should expect about a 15%-20 % decline in performance every 2 - 3 months .	manufacturer performance	neutral
A Li - ion battery will last for so many charges and start to decline in performance after that ; A good Li - ion battery that should give you the full manufacturer performance for about 12 - 18 months if you use the device it is powering enough to cycle the battery ( fully discharge ) about once a day and do not over charge it ( most modern laptops have no worry of this as they cut off the charging circuit when the battery is full and do not turn it back on until it drops below 95 % ) , after that point you can expect to see declining performance which will vary but as a general rule you should expect about a 15%-20 % decline in performance every 2 - 3 months .	charging circuit	neutral
A Li - ion battery will last for so many charges and start to decline in performance after that ; A good Li - ion battery that should give you the full manufacturer performance for about 12 - 18 months if you use the device it is powering enough to cycle the battery ( fully discharge ) about once a day and do not over charge it ( most modern laptops have no worry of this as they cut off the charging circuit when the battery is full and do not turn it back on until it drops below 95 % ) , after that point you can expect to see declining performance which will vary but as a general rule you should expect about a 15%-20 % decline in performance every 2 - 3 months .	battery	neutral
A Li - ion battery will last for so many charges and start to decline in performance after that ; A good Li - ion battery that should give you the full manufacturer performance for about 12 - 18 months if you use the device it is powering enough to cycle the battery ( fully discharge ) about once a day and do not over charge it ( most modern laptops have no worry of this as they cut off the charging circuit when the battery is full and do not turn it back on until it drops below 95 % ) , after that point you can expect to see declining performance which will vary but as a general rule you should expect about a 15%-20 % decline in performance every 2 - 3 months .	performance	neutral
A Li - ion battery will last for so many charges and start to decline in performance after that ; A good Li - ion battery that should give you the full manufacturer performance for about 12 - 18 months if you use the device it is powering enough to cycle the battery ( fully discharge ) about once a day and do not over charge it ( most modern laptops have no worry of this as they cut off the charging circuit when the battery is full and do not turn it back on until it drops below 95 % ) , after that point you can expect to see declining performance which will vary but as a general rule you should expect about a 15%-20 % decline in performance every 2 - 3 months .	performance	neutral
Also understand that updates are coming , such as Netflix compatibility ( Youtube and Hulu work fine ) and greater gaming choices .	Netflix compatibility	neutral
Also understand that updates are coming , such as Netflix compatibility ( Youtube and Hulu work fine ) and greater gaming choices .	gaming	neutral
It 's much more adjustable and sets the iPad at a taller height for easier viewing .	height	neutral
They will need to beef up their app store to make this viable in the long term	app store	neutral
Any way , the original del oem lasted a few years before it stopped charging the batt	charging	neutral
The only complain I have is the manual .	manual	neutral
I use the D - Link monitoring software with this card and it seems to work fine .	D - Link monitoring software	neutral
Would have given it five stars if the driver on the CD had been adequate .	driver on	neutral
as it turns out my power supply was not producing the appropriate levels of power to the motherboard and did not have enough juice to power the card properly .	power supply	neutral
as it turns out my power supply was not producing the appropriate levels of power to the motherboard and did not have enough juice to power the card properly .	motherboard	neutral
as it turns out my power supply was not producing the appropriate levels of power to the motherboard and did not have enough juice to power the card properly .	card	neutral
but it does charge right up no matter what the dell computer says .	charge	neutral
LoVQSDpSPF4also if you have a 32bit OS system	32bit OS system	neutral
I also ca n't seem to find a way to buy a replacement for just the receiver .	receiver	neutral
I love the glossy screen , makes everything look sharper and the colors brighter than a matt finish screen .	colors	neutral
This size fits perfectly inside my MacBook Air bag from WaterField .	size	neutral
Do you know how expensive data recovery is ?	data recovery	neutral
Cause it showed up beyond i expected .. in quality , look n performence wise .	quality	neutral
Cause it showed up beyond i expected .. in quality , look n performence wise .	look	neutral
Cause it showed up beyond i expected .. in quality , look n performence wise .	performence	neutral
I purchased this battery for my laptop .	battery	neutral
This also means that any thickness of drive will work .	thickness	neutral
This also means that any thickness of drive will work .	drive	neutral
I had to contact Amazon to get a Customer Service phone number ( 812 ) 282 - 2787 .	Customer Service phone	neutral
The only games are Solitaire , Penguin Racer , Potato head , and bubble bobble .	games	neutral
I am not disappointed by its performance , nor am I overwhelmed , by it , just pleased .	performance	neutral
I was torn between a messenger bag and a neoprene sleeve for my surface pro , but this bag with the shoulder strap tucked away as well as the handles ( which slide into the sides ) works just as well as a neoprene and can be put in a larger bag no problem .	shoulder strap	neutral
I was torn between a messenger bag and a neoprene sleeve for my surface pro , but this bag with the shoulder strap tucked away as well as the handles ( which slide into the sides ) works just as well as a neoprene and can be put in a larger bag no problem .	handles	neutral
It was an easy purchasing decision for me when I saw that it was manufactured by Case Logic .	Case Logic	neutral
I would recommend this unit to anyone needing to replace their charger	charger	neutral
startup discs - HP Quick Web is tricky to disable , it just takes longer to sign in to the desktop ( which Windows 8 will essentially do as well , so i recommend getting a Windows 7 computer now)-not supreme graphics or processing for gaming / editing	startup discs	neutral
startup discs - HP Quick Web is tricky to disable , it just takes longer to sign in to the desktop ( which Windows 8 will essentially do as well , so i recommend getting a Windows 7 computer now)-not supreme graphics or processing for gaming / editing	HP Quick Web	neutral
startup discs - HP Quick Web is tricky to disable , it just takes longer to sign in to the desktop ( which Windows 8 will essentially do as well , so i recommend getting a Windows 7 computer now)-not supreme graphics or processing for gaming / editing	Windows 8	neutral
startup discs - HP Quick Web is tricky to disable , it just takes longer to sign in to the desktop ( which Windows 8 will essentially do as well , so i recommend getting a Windows 7 computer now)-not supreme graphics or processing for gaming / editing	Windows 7	neutral
startup discs - HP Quick Web is tricky to disable , it just takes longer to sign in to the desktop ( which Windows 8 will essentially do as well , so i recommend getting a Windows 7 computer now)-not supreme graphics or processing for gaming / editing	graphics	neutral
startup discs - HP Quick Web is tricky to disable , it just takes longer to sign in to the desktop ( which Windows 8 will essentially do as well , so i recommend getting a Windows 7 computer now)-not supreme graphics or processing for gaming / editing	processing	neutral
startup discs - HP Quick Web is tricky to disable , it just takes longer to sign in to the desktop ( which Windows 8 will essentially do as well , so i recommend getting a Windows 7 computer now)-not supreme graphics or processing for gaming / editing	gaming	neutral
startup discs - HP Quick Web is tricky to disable , it just takes longer to sign in to the desktop ( which Windows 8 will essentially do as well , so i recommend getting a Windows 7 computer now)-not supreme graphics or processing for gaming / editing	editing	neutral
Plugged the mini USB cable into the camera , the USB 2 . 0 head into the printer , the PRINT light on my camera came on , bingo - done .	mini USB cable	neutral
Plugged the mini USB cable into the camera , the USB 2 . 0 head into the printer , the PRINT light on my camera came on , bingo - done .	USB 2 . 0 head	neutral
Plugged the mini USB cable into the camera , the USB 2 . 0 head into the printer , the PRINT light on my camera came on , bingo - done .	PRINT	neutral
So , look for that one , if you have a notebook bigger than 16 inches ( screen diagonal).I can highly recommend this notebook case , on both quality and the feature set .	screen diagonal).I	neutral
So , look for that one , if you have a notebook bigger than 16 inches ( screen diagonal).I can highly recommend this notebook case , on both quality and the feature set .	feature set	neutral
I do n't know if it was the controller or the power supply , but I removed the drive mechanism and placed it in a RocketFish enclosure and it has worked perfectly ever since .	controller	neutral
I do n't know if it was the controller or the power supply , but I removed the drive mechanism and placed it in a RocketFish enclosure and it has worked perfectly ever since .	power supply	neutral
I do n't know if it was the controller or the power supply , but I removed the drive mechanism and placed it in a RocketFish enclosure and it has worked perfectly ever since .	drive mechanism	neutral
My only problem with it is that if you lean your hands on the edge of the laptop while typing the edge is somewhat sharp and bothered me a bit .	edge	neutral
The interior of the case is light brown and is of the same material as the exterior , again similar to a mousepad in consistency .	interior	neutral
The interior of the case is light brown and is of the same material as the exterior , again similar to a mousepad in consistency .	case	neutral
The interior of the case is light brown and is of the same material as the exterior , again similar to a mousepad in consistency .	exterior	neutral
The interior of the case is light brown and is of the same material as the exterior , again similar to a mousepad in consistency .	mousepad	neutral
In the upper storage compartment I have lens cleaners , two remotes , and misc cords .	lens cleaners	neutral
In the upper storage compartment I have lens cleaners , two remotes , and misc cords .	remotes	neutral
There is also a multicolored LED in the middle that constantly changes color and sometimes flashes .	LED	neutral
I wanted a battery that could hold a charge more than the aging stock battery for my Dv7 Pavillion .	battery	neutral
I wanted a battery that could hold a charge more than the aging stock battery for my Dv7 Pavillion .	charge	neutral
I wanted a battery that could hold a charge more than the aging stock battery for my Dv7 Pavillion .	battery	neutral
The case fit computer snuggly and its perfect .	case	neutral
The temps seem relatively okay .	temps	neutral
Easy to plug - in and use .	plug - in	neutral
Easy to plug - in and use .	use	neutral
This one has excellent responsiveness and is great for SMALLER hands .	responsiveness	neutral
The card is not the cure - all for the digital storage world , but at the time of writing this review it was only about fifty - nine bucks making it the best value out there	card	neutral
The card is not the cure - all for the digital storage world , but at the time of writing this review it was only about fifty - nine bucks making it the best value out there	digital storage	neutral
There are couple of ways to install SSD on a laptop .	SSD	neutral
It should be OK based on the amazon description though there is a 10amp max warning on the adapters .	adapters	neutral
So .... I did some research , read some reviews and combine that with the Price ...	Price	neutral
My only wish is that I could enable " both " the laptop , and Logitech speakers to work at the same time .	speakers	neutral
The Pen is a bit of a hype , does n't write fast .	Pen	neutral
My original power adapter had gone out shortly before my travels overseas .	power adapter	neutral
Remote functions as described	Remote	neutral
6 months later , only 3 USB ports were left working , and at that point I went and got a higher priced but higher quality hub .	USB ports	neutral
6 months later , only 3 USB ports were left working , and at that point I went and got a higher priced but higher quality hub .	hub	neutral
The flap closure is very secure .	flap closure	neutral
Also , the screen could use a better view angle .	screen	neutral
Would reccomend to anyone looking for a bigger chromebook with a glossy screen instead of the matte screen on the 249 chrome book .	screen	neutral
Would reccomend to anyone looking for a bigger chromebook with a glossy screen instead of the matte screen on the 249 chrome book .	screen	neutral
whenever I try to unplug the device , it was gettingthe infamous blue screen of windows .	windows	neutral
3 laptop that has a i-3 Intel CPU .	i-3 Intel CPU	neutral
the sad part is that it does not come w/ harness that allows you to attach it onto the back - side of the head - rest of the front driver .	harness	neutral
the sad part is that it does not come w/ harness that allows you to attach it onto the back - side of the head - rest of the front driver .	front driver	neutral
For the price this thing works like a charm .	price	neutral
Also there was a sort of slight distortion to the image caused by the coating on the panel .	coating	neutral
Also there was a sort of slight distortion to the image caused by the coating on the panel .	panel	neutral
I am blown away by the sound quality and especially given the price .	sound quality	neutral
I am blown away by the sound quality and especially given the price .	price	neutral
I use two utilities to check the temps so get a reletive reading if not exact .	temps	neutral
Just to recover the files from the base HDD , I have hold the top in place in one hand and copy all the files using the other hand , what a misery .	HDD	neutral
For the price ca n't beat it ! ! !	price	neutral
I 'm also running Windows	Windows	neutral
I find I never use the hybrid ' speed ' setting , choosing ' stamina ' instead , and the battery life ( extended life ) continues to run about 3 hours with the brightest screen .	speed '	neutral
I find I never use the hybrid ' speed ' setting , choosing ' stamina ' instead , and the battery life ( extended life ) continues to run about 3 hours with the brightest screen .	stamina	neutral
I find I never use the hybrid ' speed ' setting , choosing ' stamina ' instead , and the battery life ( extended life ) continues to run about 3 hours with the brightest screen .	battery life	neutral
I find I never use the hybrid ' speed ' setting , choosing ' stamina ' instead , and the battery life ( extended life ) continues to run about 3 hours with the brightest screen .	screen	neutral
Installation : just ( 1 ) link one of the inputs ( they have 3 different ways to link to your cable box or any other video source ) ; ( 2 ) intall the remote control pointer cable ( that points to the cable box or other video source that have a remote control , so the box also comands the remote control options as if you were there in front of the Tv , when you could be in the other sice of the world ; ( 3 ) Then you plug the internet cable to your internet hub and it 's ready to install the software .	remote control pointer cable	neutral
Installation : just ( 1 ) link one of the inputs ( they have 3 different ways to link to your cable box or any other video source ) ; ( 2 ) intall the remote control pointer cable ( that points to the cable box or other video source that have a remote control , so the box also comands the remote control options as if you were there in front of the Tv , when you could be in the other sice of the world ; ( 3 ) Then you plug the internet cable to your internet hub and it 's ready to install the software .	remote	neutral
Installation : just ( 1 ) link one of the inputs ( they have 3 different ways to link to your cable box or any other video source ) ; ( 2 ) intall the remote control pointer cable ( that points to the cable box or other video source that have a remote control , so the box also comands the remote control options as if you were there in front of the Tv , when you could be in the other sice of the world ; ( 3 ) Then you plug the internet cable to your internet hub and it 's ready to install the software .	remote control	neutral
Installation : just ( 1 ) link one of the inputs ( they have 3 different ways to link to your cable box or any other video source ) ; ( 2 ) intall the remote control pointer cable ( that points to the cable box or other video source that have a remote control , so the box also comands the remote control options as if you were there in front of the Tv , when you could be in the other sice of the world ; ( 3 ) Then you plug the internet cable to your internet hub and it 's ready to install the software .	internet cable	neutral
Installation : just ( 1 ) link one of the inputs ( they have 3 different ways to link to your cable box or any other video source ) ; ( 2 ) intall the remote control pointer cable ( that points to the cable box or other video source that have a remote control , so the box also comands the remote control options as if you were there in front of the Tv , when you could be in the other sice of the world ; ( 3 ) Then you plug the internet cable to your internet hub and it 's ready to install the software .	internet hub	neutral
Installation : just ( 1 ) link one of the inputs ( they have 3 different ways to link to your cable box or any other video source ) ; ( 2 ) intall the remote control pointer cable ( that points to the cable box or other video source that have a remote control , so the box also comands the remote control options as if you were there in front of the Tv , when you could be in the other sice of the world ; ( 3 ) Then you plug the internet cable to your internet hub and it 's ready to install the software .	software	neutral
I do some light travel with my cord ( different spots in the house , around town to plug in , etc ) and I am no longer a heavy duty user that goes through adapters (	adapters	neutral
She is not very computer literate but was able to quickly pick up the Chrome OS and get to her normal routine .	Chrome OS	neutral
After installing these it pepped right up and there has been a significant improvement of speed .	speed	neutral
There are no tone controls except for a bass boost .	tone controls	neutral
There are no tone controls except for a bass boost .	bass boost	neutral
Also , the two securing screws that fasten the connector with drive attached to the container are too small , and after a few removals and replacements , will strip their threaded holes in the connector .	connector with drive	neutral
Also , the two securing screws that fasten the connector with drive attached to the container are too small , and after a few removals and replacements , will strip their threaded holes in the connector .	threaded	neutral
Also , the two securing screws that fasten the connector with drive attached to the container are too small , and after a few removals and replacements , will strip their threaded holes in the connector .	connector	neutral
The feel is good and the look is ... functional .	feel	neutral
The feel is good and the look is ... functional .	look	neutral
What I ended up with , after paying blue - and - yellow store comparable price for this camera ( not a complaint ) is that I had to drop another $ 20 bucks for a sideline and potentially short lived software product that is able to touch some , not all , of the configuration settings in the c920 that were just flat - out incorrect .	price	neutral
What I ended up with , after paying blue - and - yellow store comparable price for this camera ( not a complaint ) is that I had to drop another $ 20 bucks for a sideline and potentially short lived software product that is able to touch some , not all , of the configuration settings in the c920 that were just flat - out incorrect .	software	neutral
What I ended up with , after paying blue - and - yellow store comparable price for this camera ( not a complaint ) is that I had to drop another $ 20 bucks for a sideline and potentially short lived software product that is able to touch some , not all , of the configuration settings in the c920 that were just flat - out incorrect .	configuration settings	neutral
This Belkin 4-Port Video Display Switch is a great addition to any techie 's collection .	Belkin	neutral
This Belkin 4-Port Video Display Switch is a great addition to any techie 's collection .	4-Port Video Display Switch	neutral
I had hoped to use on lap board but wo n't take chance that it might slip off - ca n't take chance with fans being exposed .	fans	neutral
concept is great ; unfortunately , it caused problems with my windows 7 computer .	windows 7	neutral
Sometimes it would drop connectivity while the keyboard was 6 inches away from it , and then switch back to the on - screen keyboard on the Xoom ... and then back again without any kind of notification to me as a user .	connectivity	neutral
Sometimes it would drop connectivity while the keyboard was 6 inches away from it , and then switch back to the on - screen keyboard on the Xoom ... and then back again without any kind of notification to me as a user .	keyboard	neutral
Sometimes it would drop connectivity while the keyboard was 6 inches away from it , and then switch back to the on - screen keyboard on the Xoom ... and then back again without any kind of notification to me as a user .	on - screen keyboard	neutral
On my 2006 MBP , all USB , Firewire , Monitor , headphone jack etc were located on the right hand side for right handed people ... simple	USB	neutral
On my 2006 MBP , all USB , Firewire , Monitor , headphone jack etc were located on the right hand side for right handed people ... simple	Firewire	neutral
On my 2006 MBP , all USB , Firewire , Monitor , headphone jack etc were located on the right hand side for right handed people ... simple	Monitor	neutral
On my 2006 MBP , all USB , Firewire , Monitor , headphone jack etc were located on the right hand side for right handed people ... simple	headphone jack	neutral
Processor & Memory : Intel Core ( tm ) i7 - 3720QM Processor at 2	Processor	neutral
Processor & Memory : Intel Core ( tm ) i7 - 3720QM Processor at 2	Memory	neutral
Processor & Memory : Intel Core ( tm ) i7 - 3720QM Processor at 2	Intel Core	neutral
Processor & Memory : Intel Core ( tm ) i7 - 3720QM Processor at 2	Processor	neutral
I figured that I could n't beat the size , weight and specs at that price , not to mention it came with a pocket HD video camera and discount on the Netgear Push2TV device .	size	neutral
I figured that I could n't beat the size , weight and specs at that price , not to mention it came with a pocket HD video camera and discount on the Netgear Push2TV device .	weight	neutral
I figured that I could n't beat the size , weight and specs at that price , not to mention it came with a pocket HD video camera and discount on the Netgear Push2TV device .	specs	neutral
I figured that I could n't beat the size , weight and specs at that price , not to mention it came with a pocket HD video camera and discount on the Netgear Push2TV device .	price	neutral
I figured that I could n't beat the size , weight and specs at that price , not to mention it came with a pocket HD video camera and discount on the Netgear Push2TV device .	pocket HD video camera	neutral
It 's strong point is a very simple menu .	menu	neutral
However , since VGA does not carry audio , the adapter should prevent the computer from muting its internal audio output so the audio output jack on the computer would then remain active .	VGA	neutral
However , since VGA does not carry audio , the adapter should prevent the computer from muting its internal audio output so the audio output jack on the computer would then remain active .	audio	neutral
However , since VGA does not carry audio , the adapter should prevent the computer from muting its internal audio output so the audio output jack on the computer would then remain active .	adapter	neutral
However , since VGA does not carry audio , the adapter should prevent the computer from muting its internal audio output so the audio output jack on the computer would then remain active .	audio output	neutral
However , since VGA does not carry audio , the adapter should prevent the computer from muting its internal audio output so the audio output jack on the computer would then remain active .	audio output jack	neutral
Choose the hdmi and it works perfect !	hdmi	neutral
It was going to be a pain to run a jack or an ethernet cable to my office	jack	neutral
It was going to be a pain to run a jack or an ethernet cable to my office	ethernet cable	neutral
Great price also .	price	neutral
14 . 1 " screen , vista system notebook that I updated to 2 gb that I use in my home office .	vista system	neutral
With only a screw driver and about 10 minutes of your time , you can add more memory to the Pro , replace the hard drive , and even add a second hard drive in place of the optical disc drive .	memory	neutral
With only a screw driver and about 10 minutes of your time , you can add more memory to the Pro , replace the hard drive , and even add a second hard drive in place of the optical disc drive .	hard drive	neutral
With only a screw driver and about 10 minutes of your time , you can add more memory to the Pro , replace the hard drive , and even add a second hard drive in place of the optical disc drive .	hard drive	neutral
With only a screw driver and about 10 minutes of your time , you can add more memory to the Pro , replace the hard drive , and even add a second hard drive in place of the optical disc drive .	optical disc drive	neutral
It folds up to a very compact size .	size	neutral
I think if your laptop is over 15 inches , the fit would be tight	fit	neutral
An interesting prospect is replacing your mouse with the Bamboo .	mouse	neutral
Not only is it fast , it 's also cool , nearly half a pound lighter than a conventional disk , quiet and vibration free - you do n't know when the disk is being accessed unless you glance at the disk lights .	disk	neutral
Not only is it fast , it 's also cool , nearly half a pound lighter than a conventional disk , quiet and vibration free - you do n't know when the disk is being accessed unless you glance at the disk lights .	disk	neutral
Not only is it fast , it 's also cool , nearly half a pound lighter than a conventional disk , quiet and vibration free - you do n't know when the disk is being accessed unless you glance at the disk lights .	disk lights	neutral
No quality degradation or any other issue .	quality	neutral
I have recently upgraded my camera to aCanon EOS-1D X , so I needed something that could handle a full sized camera .	camera	neutral
My work around was to buy and extension cable .	extension cable	neutral
Overall its quite good for the price and am happy with it .	price	neutral
Generally I like the mouse .	mouse	neutral
CT102464BF160B).The main let down here is the screen .	screen	neutral
The CPU fan is super quiet ; you do n't even hear it running , not ever .	CPU fan	neutral
Plenty of room , build quality excellent .	build quality	neutral
Vista required Realtek OEM drivers .	Vista	neutral
Vista required Realtek OEM drivers .	Realtek OEM drivers	neutral
I live in a dorm , and the sound at my computer 's half volume easily filled the room .	sound	neutral
Great price !	price	neutral
Obviously since I 'm using a Mac , it was just a matter of plugging it in , launching Mac 's Disk Utility and setting up the drive the way I wanted it .	Disk Utility	neutral
Obviously since I 'm using a Mac , it was just a matter of plugging it in , launching Mac 's Disk Utility and setting up the drive the way I wanted it .	drive	neutral
The covering for each key is good for protection but bad for typing experience .	covering	neutral
The covering for each key is good for protection but bad for typing experience .	key	neutral
The after getting rid of the 3rd party piece of junk , the Apple battery would only allow my computer to run if it was plugged in .	Apple battery	neutral
For me , that kind of performance bump alone is worth the extra $ 200 .	performance bump	neutral
At 1/5th the cost of an OEM battery , this is a great deal .	battery	neutral
The connection tip , is the wrong size .	connection tip	neutral
I bought it mostly to fill a need I 've had for some time , namely a do - all camera that has a reasonable zoom , a lithium - ion battery , flash memory , and can take good video and decent still images .	camera	neutral
I bought it mostly to fill a need I 've had for some time , namely a do - all camera that has a reasonable zoom , a lithium - ion battery , flash memory , and can take good video and decent still images .	zoom	neutral
I bought it mostly to fill a need I 've had for some time , namely a do - all camera that has a reasonable zoom , a lithium - ion battery , flash memory , and can take good video and decent still images .	lithium - ion battery	neutral
I bought it mostly to fill a need I 've had for some time , namely a do - all camera that has a reasonable zoom , a lithium - ion battery , flash memory , and can take good video and decent still images .	flash memory	neutral
The closing button , needs some assistance when loading a drive into the enclosure , push the button in opposite direction when the drive has been remounted into the enclosure and I did not care for the additional power USB	closing button	neutral
The closing button , needs some assistance when loading a drive into the enclosure , push the button in opposite direction when the drive has been remounted into the enclosure and I did not care for the additional power USB	power USB	neutral
I chose this one because it is leather , I chose blue because it stands out a bit more in a bag ..	leather	neutral
I would have strongly considered it but when I have to spend an additional $ 100-$200 on a separate video card to support a digital lcd display and display - out capabilities and upgrade the powersupply to support the new graphics card the price becomes too high .	video card	neutral
I would have strongly considered it but when I have to spend an additional $ 100-$200 on a separate video card to support a digital lcd display and display - out capabilities and upgrade the powersupply to support the new graphics card the price becomes too high .	digital lcd display	neutral
I would have strongly considered it but when I have to spend an additional $ 100-$200 on a separate video card to support a digital lcd display and display - out capabilities and upgrade the powersupply to support the new graphics card the price becomes too high .	display - out capabilities	neutral
I would have strongly considered it but when I have to spend an additional $ 100-$200 on a separate video card to support a digital lcd display and display - out capabilities and upgrade the powersupply to support the new graphics card the price becomes too high .	powersupply	neutral
I would have strongly considered it but when I have to spend an additional $ 100-$200 on a separate video card to support a digital lcd display and display - out capabilities and upgrade the powersupply to support the new graphics card the price becomes too high .	graphics card	neutral
I would have strongly considered it but when I have to spend an additional $ 100-$200 on a separate video card to support a digital lcd display and display - out capabilities and upgrade the powersupply to support the new graphics card the price becomes too high .	price	neutral
Have n't tried the HDMI or the Ethernet ports , but I wo n't be surprised to find they 're dead as well .	HDMI	neutral
Have n't tried the HDMI or the Ethernet ports , but I wo n't be surprised to find they 're dead as well .	Ethernet ports	neutral
In operation , the computer seems plenty fast enough , but I 'm not really pressing it to do any hard work yet -- again , I 've had it less than a month .	operation	neutral
Skype is easy to use and Hangouts are not .	Skype	neutral
Skype is easy to use and Hangouts are not .	use	neutral
It allows drawing on the screen .	screen	neutral
I 've had durability issues with Mac batteries , power adapters , motherboards , dvd drives and airport express in the last three years while my wife has been chugging along no problem at all with her dowdy Sony laptop .	power adapters	neutral
I 've had durability issues with Mac batteries , power adapters , motherboards , dvd drives and airport express in the last three years while my wife has been chugging along no problem at all with her dowdy Sony laptop .	motherboards	neutral
I 've had durability issues with Mac batteries , power adapters , motherboards , dvd drives and airport express in the last three years while my wife has been chugging along no problem at all with her dowdy Sony laptop .	dvd drives	neutral
I 've had durability issues with Mac batteries , power adapters , motherboards , dvd drives and airport express in the last three years while my wife has been chugging along no problem at all with her dowdy Sony laptop .	airport express	neutral
speakerThe rattle is n't loud and when audio is playing it 's hardly noticeable but it is noticeable and is highly annoying .	speakerThe	neutral
The problem I had with this -- and it 's a big one -- is that it 's awkward and difficult to access the laptop compartment .	laptop compartment	neutral
Cons : it 's not really Mac 's fault but adjusting to a track pad with no buttons takes some time - I should blame that on Windoz really , as buttons do n't really make much sense .	track pad	neutral
Cons : it 's not really Mac 's fault but adjusting to a track pad with no buttons takes some time - I should blame that on Windoz really , as buttons do n't really make much sense .	buttons	neutral
And I absolutely HAVE to mention the software update for this machine .	software update	neutral
I 've stuck it to a surface , let the speaker set for a couple of hours , and it was still firmly suctioned to the surface when I came back .	speaker	neutral
Good quality , good packaging , arrived on time , etc etc .	packaging	neutral
So , just in case , I purchased a 3 year Square Trade Warranty to go along with this .	3 year	neutral
So , just in case , I purchased a 3 year Square Trade Warranty to go along with this .	Square Trade Warranty	neutral
I now have all the above - mentioned cables plugged into the dock , and the only cables I run to the laptop are the AC power cable and the USB 3 . 0 .	dock	neutral
I now have all the above - mentioned cables plugged into the dock , and the only cables I run to the laptop are the AC power cable and the USB 3 . 0 .	AC power cable	neutral
I now have all the above - mentioned cables plugged into the dock , and the only cables I run to the laptop are the AC power cable and the USB 3 . 0 .	USB 3 . 0	neutral
The only time the fan comes on is when I have been Skyping for an extended period of time .	fan	neutral
I 've tried this on and the end plug is too big .	end plug	neutral
Because of their business policy changes , I am now recommending to all of my clients to stay far away from Toshiba products .	business	neutral
Now , the only thing I have to do is record Internet radio directly into my Jukebox and Presto !	Internet radio	neutral
did.[Edit January 23 , 2013]After a purchase of the 12 . 5 size screen protector for the use with HP 2570p laptop , issues with moira patterns become more than evident .	12 . 5 size	neutral
did.[Edit January 23 , 2013]After a purchase of the 12 . 5 size screen protector for the use with HP 2570p laptop , issues with moira patterns become more than evident .	screen protector	neutral
The bigger sized cloths I 've tried are substandard and not at all satisfactory .	cloths	neutral
The colors are bright and vivid with great contrast and saturation .	colors	neutral
The colors are bright and vivid with great contrast and saturation .	contrast	neutral
It also works with W7 and VistaThe only small issue with it is that as a low cost product the black plastic which holds the disk inside is a bit flimsy and looks like it can break easily .	W7	neutral
It also works with W7 and VistaThe only small issue with it is that as a low cost product the black plastic which holds the disk inside is a bit flimsy and looks like it can break easily .	VistaThe	neutral
It also works with W7 and VistaThe only small issue with it is that as a low cost product the black plastic which holds the disk inside is a bit flimsy and looks like it can break easily .	disk	neutral
I 've had it about a month now and the only program I have added has been Word .	program	neutral
I 've had it about a month now and the only program I have added has been Word .	Word	neutral
The speakers are nicely loud .	speakers	neutral
I purchased this after the HDMI port on my motherboard apparently died ( along with the corresponding port on the receiver ) .	HDMI port	neutral
I purchased this after the HDMI port on my motherboard apparently died ( along with the corresponding port on the receiver ) .	motherboard	neutral
I purchased this after the HDMI port on my motherboard apparently died ( along with the corresponding port on the receiver ) .	port	neutral
I purchased this after the HDMI port on my motherboard apparently died ( along with the corresponding port on the receiver ) .	receiver	neutral
While incorporating the charging stand is great , care needs to be taken if kids or grandkids can be in the area .	charging stand	neutral
buying that cheap fosmon folio that looked cheap and fake leather , did nt hold well the tablet , did nt have the right holes for the speakers and many other bad characteristics , THIS is possibly the best choice for an icer iconia a100 case .	speakers	neutral
I can not recommend this USB port .	USB port	neutral
I was replacing my 5 year old HP Dv7 Pavilion which had a 17 inch screen .	17 inch screen	neutral
We started reading the reviews and found this was a common problem with this computer with the overly sensitive touch pad .	touch pad	neutral
Some might have found the input , tones and sound effects helpful or cute or even sc - fi like ( OK , that one may be so ) but I found both the button sequences and tone patterns to be both annoying and anything but intuitive .	input	neutral
Some might have found the input , tones and sound effects helpful or cute or even sc - fi like ( OK , that one may be so ) but I found both the button sequences and tone patterns to be both annoying and anything but intuitive .	tones	neutral
Some might have found the input , tones and sound effects helpful or cute or even sc - fi like ( OK , that one may be so ) but I found both the button sequences and tone patterns to be both annoying and anything but intuitive .	sound effects	neutral
Some might have found the input , tones and sound effects helpful or cute or even sc - fi like ( OK , that one may be so ) but I found both the button sequences and tone patterns to be both annoying and anything but intuitive .	button sequences	neutral
Some might have found the input , tones and sound effects helpful or cute or even sc - fi like ( OK , that one may be so ) but I found both the button sequences and tone patterns to be both annoying and anything but intuitive .	tone patterns	neutral
This was more than I expected for the price .	price	neutral
If you keep the receiver in the computer there 's an automatic power off after thirty seconds .	receiver	neutral
I use both SD card and USB key .	SD card	neutral
I use both SD card and USB key .	USB key	neutral
The Mobile Edge sleeve for the M14x is a great neoprene sleeve for the Alienware M14x ( R1 and R2 ) if you 're looking for an officially licensed / branded Alienware case .	Mobile Edge sleeve	neutral
It does have USB ports for data and such .	USB ports	neutral
The user interface is better .	user interface	neutral
Even a novice could up the ram or change the hard drive- Quiet and does n't overheat	ram	neutral
Even a novice could up the ram or change the hard drive- Quiet and does n't overheat	hard drive-	neutral
That 's good for getting it down on the keys , not so great when typing makes you pull it up from time to time just from friction with your fingers .	keys	neutral
Only a laptop that has instant resume can work this way , or it will drive you crazy .	instant resume	neutral
Now after 4 years I am getting a gray shawdow in the middle of the screen .	screen	neutral
I ca n't bend over because I have back problems .	back	neutral
i have small hands and it is the perfect size for me to use as my full - time mouse - traveling or not .	size	neutral
i have small hands and it is the perfect size for me to use as my full - time mouse - traveling or not .	mouse	neutral
I have the black bag accented with red , very simple design and very decent looking .	design	neutral
This is not a Linux rant , but it 's a real pain to buy any machine and be forced to pay for an OS I do n't use .	OS	neutral
Since I had Windows 7 ( it 's now Windows 8) ,	Windows 7	neutral
Since I had Windows 7 ( it 's now Windows 8) ,	Windows 8)	neutral
My Powerlite 1705C 's are dying quickly , bad polarizers , and I 'm replacing them with the X12 .	polarizers	neutral
For 85 to 90 dollars , you get a pen and multi - touch enabled tablet along with Adobe Photoshop Elements 7 . 0	pen and multi - touch enabled	neutral
For 85 to 90 dollars , you get a pen and multi - touch enabled tablet along with Adobe Photoshop Elements 7 . 0	Adobe Photoshop Elements 7 . 0	neutral
Touch screen loses its efficiency as the screen size increases .	Touch screen	neutral
Touch screen loses its efficiency as the screen size increases .	screen size	neutral
very versatile strap system to accomadate travel needs at different stages .	strap system	neutral
I have the Rebel XTi with the extended battery grip , 2 Domke Inserts with the Kit Lens ,	extended battery grip	neutral
I have the Rebel XTi with the extended battery grip , 2 Domke Inserts with the Kit Lens ,	Domke Inserts	neutral
I have the Rebel XTi with the extended battery grip , 2 Domke Inserts with the Kit Lens ,	Kit Lens	neutral
They are also angled upwards for quick and easy access.- PortableThe hub is compact and lightweight ( it measures 3 " x 3 " x 3/4 " ) .	hub	neutral
The build is solid , even the flipping screen looks like it could withstand some abuse .	build	neutral
The build is solid , even the flipping screen looks like it could withstand some abuse .	flipping screen	neutral
If you 're looking for an average USB able to stretch 10 feet , buy it .	USB able	neutral
Considering the low cost of these speakers I can say with all honesty that I am pleased with them .	cost	neutral
Considering the low cost of these speakers I can say with all honesty that I am pleased with them .	speakers	neutral
The case itself is nice quality .	case	neutral
its an activation key that requires UPlay .	activation key	neutral
I also installed the Corsair Vengeance 4 gb DDR3 Laptop Memory .	Corsair Vengeance	neutral
I also installed the Corsair Vengeance 4 gb DDR3 Laptop Memory .	4 gb DDR3 Laptop Memory	neutral
The charger looked cheap , i simply would nt buy another unit .	charger	neutral
This USB had charged my phone from 20 to over 50 % !	USB	neutral
the color is a medium , rich red with a soft matte shine .	color	neutral
on a Windows 7 PC , ( does not work on XP without a few extra steps )	Windows 7	neutral
on a Windows 7 PC , ( does not work on XP without a few extra steps )	XP	neutral
The volume and clarity is beyond what I ever expected from such a small device , even though I am a devoted fan of Logitech products .	volume	neutral
The volume and clarity is beyond what I ever expected from such a small device , even though I am a devoted fan of Logitech products .	clarity	neutral
It is a quality product and very comfortable to use laptop while sitting .	use	neutral
For $ 25 the FE6 comes well built , and with fairly nice packaging for something so simple .	packaging	neutral
HIGHLY recommend picking up a SSD for it .	SSD	neutral
There is material separating the MacBook Pro from the zipper .	zipper	neutral
This thing was bought to replace the crappy internal WiFi that came with my desktop PC .	internal WiFi	neutral
On a laptop I have the keys memorized and can type without much light -	keys	neutral
when I started the initial HP Chromebook setup , I apparently had access to it .	setup	neutral
This battery has been great .	battery	neutral
Then I noticed many games I have , yahoo messenger , and an assortment of other programs stopped working , they would all generate crash reports upon launching .	games	neutral
Then I noticed many games I have , yahoo messenger , and an assortment of other programs stopped working , they would all generate crash reports upon launching .	programs	neutral
The most impressive feature is its light weight and long battery performance	feature	neutral
The most impressive feature is its light weight and long battery performance	battery performance	neutral
The video was very choppy even at lower resolutions .	video	neutral
The video was very choppy even at lower resolutions .	resolutions	neutral
I did not expect much from this cheaper , plastic , single fan Logitech , but it turned out to be more usable than the more expensive Zalman .	single fan	neutral
It works great as long as you know all the multi - gestures .	multi - gestures	neutral
The hassle free packaging is pretty good , and it had a great price , too .	packaging	neutral
The hassle free packaging is pretty good , and it had a great price , too .	price	neutral
the led 's went out on one side when using to look outdoors there was no light adjustment everything was whited out for the cheap price you get what you pay for .	led 's	neutral
the led 's went out on one side when using to look outdoors there was no light adjustment everything was whited out for the cheap price you get what you pay for .	price	neutral
Prices seem a little steep here .	Prices	neutral
My only complaint is that this was a little bit tough to get on to my car with my dashboard layout .	dashboard layout	neutral
Have n't had any problems with this cable or any other ones I 've bought .	cable	neutral
: cables are included - nice touch !	cables	neutral
I plugged it in the USB port and in five seconds I was connected .	USB port	neutral
And it 's incredibly light , adding almost nothing to the weight of what you put into it .	weight	neutral
but I figured it was the card 's fault , but I was wrong , I had to restore my computer due to a virus	card	neutral
It is able to pick up more than 50 stations with the small antenna provided with this product , which is comparable to my friend 's Google TV with a big antenna .	antenna	neutral
It is able to pick up more than 50 stations with the small antenna provided with this product , which is comparable to my friend 's Google TV with a big antenna .	antenna	neutral
I 'd rather have been able to get the original DX cover , but that ship has sailed .	DX cover	neutral
It works very well and is very portable .	works	neutral
The keys need to be pressed very hard to make contact .	keys	neutral
The cover causes this .	cover	neutral
9 - 9 - 9 - 24 XMP readyas well asKomputerbay 16 GB ( 2x 8 GB )	16 GB	neutral
I am using the new battery and still notice that the battery only last about an hour or so .	battery	neutral
I am using the new battery and still notice that the battery only last about an hour or so .	battery	neutral
Great replacement for the OEM battery .	battery	neutral
then i installed it to my x64 vista / linux box .	x64 vista / linux box	neutral
Highly recommend for the price .	price	neutral
you just want to use the browser in full screen ( F11 )	browser	neutral
It 's 2012 and my M9040n is still with me , I have upgraded to the 8 GB memory max and Windows 7 PRO x64 bit , replaced my power supply after it went out and now replacing the 8800 GTS 640 MB graphics card after it went out to a GTX 275 1 GB graphics card .	8 GB memory max	neutral
It 's 2012 and my M9040n is still with me , I have upgraded to the 8 GB memory max and Windows 7 PRO x64 bit , replaced my power supply after it went out and now replacing the 8800 GTS 640 MB graphics card after it went out to a GTX 275 1 GB graphics card .	Windows 7 PRO x64 bit	neutral
It 's 2012 and my M9040n is still with me , I have upgraded to the 8 GB memory max and Windows 7 PRO x64 bit , replaced my power supply after it went out and now replacing the 8800 GTS 640 MB graphics card after it went out to a GTX 275 1 GB graphics card .	power supply	neutral
It 's 2012 and my M9040n is still with me , I have upgraded to the 8 GB memory max and Windows 7 PRO x64 bit , replaced my power supply after it went out and now replacing the 8800 GTS 640 MB graphics card after it went out to a GTX 275 1 GB graphics card .	640 MB graphics card	neutral
It 's 2012 and my M9040n is still with me , I have upgraded to the 8 GB memory max and Windows 7 PRO x64 bit , replaced my power supply after it went out and now replacing the 8800 GTS 640 MB graphics card after it went out to a GTX 275 1 GB graphics card .	GTX 275	neutral
It 's 2012 and my M9040n is still with me , I have upgraded to the 8 GB memory max and Windows 7 PRO x64 bit , replaced my power supply after it went out and now replacing the 8800 GTS 640 MB graphics card after it went out to a GTX 275 1 GB graphics card .	1 GB graphics card	neutral
and I needed a smaller tablet to bring with me during my frequent travels and especially with a front camera to videocall home via Skype .	front camera	neutral
Works great and is faster than a traditional Drive .	Works	neutral
Well , about a month later this battery keeps my laptop charged for roughly 2 hours of wi - fi web browsing ( nothing too heavy , a couple tabs open and maybe music running ) .	battery	neutral
Well , about a month later this battery keeps my laptop charged for roughly 2 hours of wi - fi web browsing ( nothing too heavy , a couple tabs open and maybe music running ) .	wi -	neutral
Well , about a month later this battery keeps my laptop charged for roughly 2 hours of wi - fi web browsing ( nothing too heavy , a couple tabs open and maybe music running ) .	web browsing	neutral
I 've upgraded to SSD and really there is no comparison to an SSD and anything else .	SSD	neutral
I 've upgraded to SSD and really there is no comparison to an SSD and anything else .	SSD	neutral
Note that this is a software problem and NOT camera problem although one could argue that it 's all inter related .	software	neutral
Note that this is a software problem and NOT camera problem although one could argue that it 's all inter related .	camera	neutral
That was pretty darn fast shipping and the unit does test out to 15 .	shipping	neutral
Out of the box I was impressed with the look and feel .	look	neutral
Out of the box I was impressed with the look and feel .	feel	neutral
Works great !	Works	neutral
The power ratings are continuous , not peak like some manufacturers use to sound better .	power ratings	neutral
My only issues with Thermaltake is that one has not been made with Firewire 800 .	Thermaltake	neutral
My only issues with Thermaltake is that one has not been made with Firewire 800 .	Firewire 800	neutral
I tried to get used to it , but I really hated it , so it got replaced with a full - blown Logitech board which works just great	board	neutral
Fast shipping too .	shipping	neutral
I am satisfied with the battery life so far .	battery life	neutral
I find that some of my devices can not fit into that port .	port	neutral
I was tempted to pull the heatspreaders off and take a look at the chips themselves , but I decided not to mess with it .	heatspreaders	neutral
I was tempted to pull the heatspreaders off and take a look at the chips themselves , but I decided not to mess with it .	chips	neutral
So lets see how long this battery really lasts before I get annoyed enough to file a warranty on it .	battery	neutral
So lets see how long this battery really lasts before I get annoyed enough to file a warranty on it .	warranty	neutral
Well , for starters , this product will not convert any voltage for you .	voltage	neutral
Air - Fi AF32 Stereo Bluetooth Wireless Headphones with Hidden Mic for iPhone , iPod Touch , iPad , Android Phones - Black / Red ( also purchased on Amazon ) is the BEST sound I have ever had with bluetooth dongle and headphones !	Air - Fi AF32 Stereo Bluetooth Wireless Headphones	neutral
Air - Fi AF32 Stereo Bluetooth Wireless Headphones with Hidden Mic for iPhone , iPod Touch , iPad , Android Phones - Black / Red ( also purchased on Amazon ) is the BEST sound I have ever had with bluetooth dongle and headphones !	sound	neutral
Air - Fi AF32 Stereo Bluetooth Wireless Headphones with Hidden Mic for iPhone , iPod Touch , iPad , Android Phones - Black / Red ( also purchased on Amazon ) is the BEST sound I have ever had with bluetooth dongle and headphones !	bluetooth dongle	neutral
Air - Fi AF32 Stereo Bluetooth Wireless Headphones with Hidden Mic for iPhone , iPod Touch , iPad , Android Phones - Black / Red ( also purchased on Amazon ) is the BEST sound I have ever had with bluetooth dongle and headphones !	headphones	neutral
No problems with quality , or the on / off switch either .	quality	neutral
No problems with quality , or the on / off switch either .	on / off switch	neutral
The materials seem like in a good quality except the two plastic locking devices that keep the cover close .	materials	neutral
The materials seem like in a good quality except the two plastic locking devices that keep the cover close .	cover	neutral
All in all I 'm satisfied , and if it was n't for the dividers and the flimsy handle I would give five starts to this .	dividers	neutral
All in all I 'm satisfied , and if it was n't for the dividers and the flimsy handle I would give five starts to this .	handle	neutral
I noticed this especially when kids were using it and played a game for a few minutes , then hit the home button and tried another game , then kept doing that .	game	neutral
Digital readout never worked right , new out of the box .	Digital readout	neutral
and it 's pretty solid , it can run newer games well with high graphics , just ca n't stand windows 8 ... its good for a phone but not a computer ...	games	neutral
and it 's pretty solid , it can run newer games well with high graphics , just ca n't stand windows 8 ... its good for a phone but not a computer ...	graphics	neutral
and it 's pretty solid , it can run newer games well with high graphics , just ca n't stand windows 8 ... its good for a phone but not a computer ...	windows 8	neutral
But the point is it should have worked as well as the Medialink wireless N adapter since they were both 150 Mbps .	Medialink wireless N adapter	neutral
Wish the keyboard would light up , hard to see at times .	keyboard	neutral
The fan blows very hot air and spots on the bottom of the laptop get hot .	fan	neutral
Now , 18 months later , the battery is useless .	battery	neutral
Despite these issues , however , I still like the case so far , and will continue to use it with few complaints .	case	neutral
Just remmeber that you have to update your Tivo software first ( over dialup , whick took 90 minutes ) to 5 .	Tivo software	neutral
Some other cables can be a bit stiff .	cables	neutral
I love both OS	OS	neutral
There is a strap on the back of the case so the telescoping handle of a rolling piece of luggage can be threaded through it permitting it to rest on top of the luggage and be wheeled along as one unit .	strap	neutral
If the Satellite only had a better battery , I 'd rate this a top - class road warrior .	battery	neutral
I thought it was a very good combo buy as I needed both a portable speaker and a bluetooth headphones , and for the price I figured if any one of them is good , it 's worth the buy .	bluetooth headphones	neutral
I thought it was a very good combo buy as I needed both a portable speaker and a bluetooth headphones , and for the price I figured if any one of them is good , it 's worth the buy .	price	neutral
and this is easier to set - up .	set - up	neutral
The overall build quality is fine if not impressive .	build quality	neutral
But it fits nicely , so apparently these batteries are more standardized than I thought .	batteries	neutral
Of course , the biggest feature of the mouse is its ability to store and charge within a PCI - Express slot on your laptop .	mouse	neutral
Of course , the biggest feature of the mouse is its ability to store and charge within a PCI - Express slot on your laptop .	charge	neutral
Of course , the biggest feature of the mouse is its ability to store and charge within a PCI - Express slot on your laptop .	PCI - Express slot	neutral
It works wonderfully , bumping up RAM from a sluggish 256 MB to 768 MB .	works	neutral
It works wonderfully , bumping up RAM from a sluggish 256 MB to 768 MB .	RAM	neutral
I have no idea how the command got there .	command	neutral
The Elan drivers allow you to tweak the sensitivity and size of the automatic touchpad disabling feature during keyboard input .	Elan drivers	neutral
The Elan drivers allow you to tweak the sensitivity and size of the automatic touchpad disabling feature during keyboard input .	automatic touchpad	neutral
The Elan drivers allow you to tweak the sensitivity and size of the automatic touchpad disabling feature during keyboard input .	keyboard input	neutral
They are well - built , extremely portable and very reliable .	built	neutral
Really do n't like the pass through USB	pass through USB	neutral
Yes it does indeed work well in Linux , with full packet injection support .	Linux	neutral
Yes it does indeed work well in Linux , with full packet injection support .	packet injection support	neutral
8x DVD Writer External Optical Drive for Mac and PC	8x	neutral
8x DVD Writer External Optical Drive for Mac and PC	DVD Writer External Optical Drive	neutral
It has a Very Professional Look to it and is Very easy to carry around .	Look	neutral
My Asus slimline laptop was a great machine but over time , with the amount of times I open and close the lid , pull from bag , lug around everywhere	lid	neutral
Still , its aluminum case feels sturdy , giving me confidence that the eGo can withstand some bumping around .	aluminum case	neutral
I got two at a very handsome price here on Amazon .	price	neutral
shipped fast , great price and it actually works fine .the	shipped	neutral
shipped fast , great price and it actually works fine .the	price	neutral
After an over - the - phone attempt fix to see if it was a software problem , I had to mail the laptop in .	software	neutral
This is a great price and works great .	price	neutral
This is a great price and works great .	works	neutral
Additionally , I recommend a free program called " meminfo " ( by Carthagosoft ) to keep track of your PC 's memory usage and " defragment memory " when necessary .	program	neutral
Additionally , I recommend a free program called " meminfo " ( by Carthagosoft ) to keep track of your PC 's memory usage and " defragment memory " when necessary .	meminfo	neutral
Additionally , I recommend a free program called " meminfo " ( by Carthagosoft ) to keep track of your PC 's memory usage and " defragment memory " when necessary .	memory usage	neutral
Retina screen is nice , and I use it in 1680x1050 resolution , which gives much more screen space compared to 13&#34 ;	Retina screen	neutral
Retina screen is nice , and I use it in 1680x1050 resolution , which gives much more screen space compared to 13&#34 ;	screen space	neutral
A different material choice would make this much better ; an awesome design though !	material	neutral
A different material choice would make this much better ; an awesome design though !	design	neutral
I working on a church project the computer lose power while its plugged in .	power	neutral
The screen is very sharp and bright .	screen	neutral
I know that this is an issue with a cable because after this cable did n't work , I purchased a more expensive one and did n't get the ghosting issue .	cable	neutral
one of the 8Gb memory has a fault , so gives me blue screen on windows sometimes .	8Gb memory	neutral
one of the 8Gb memory has a fault , so gives me blue screen on windows sometimes .	windows	neutral
Would have given this 5 stars , but I found out when taking this dock on a trip that the " stainless steel " finish scratches VERY easily if it comes in contact with something else metal .	finish	neutral
The exterior is mostly black neoprene , guessing 3 mm thick .	exterior	neutral
For me it 's not the looks that are an issue , but the case itself has some odd angles which I personally find can make for occasional uncomfortable wrist positions when trying to type .	looks	neutral
For me it 's not the looks that are an issue , but the case itself has some odd angles which I personally find can make for occasional uncomfortable wrist positions when trying to type .	case	neutral
I 've been searching for a case this size for awhile and when I would find it would be so over priced .	case	neutral
I contacted Samsung over the phone and after going through the routine with the tech support they finally asked me to send it for repairs .	tech support	neutral
6L I recently bought does n't fit through the suspension system this bag has in place .	suspension system	neutral
I noticed a review that tried to down - play the cooling capabilities of this cooler .	cooling capabilities	neutral
The unit is rechargeable using the included USB cable .	USB cable	neutral
Adding AirPort Express to another AirPort bas station can greatly increase the wireless coverage .	AirPort Express	neutral
Adding AirPort Express to another AirPort bas station can greatly increase the wireless coverage .	AirPort bas station	neutral
Adding AirPort Express to another AirPort bas station can greatly increase the wireless coverage .	wireless coverage	neutral
The 48Watt brick charger included seemed big , especially for a tablet device .	48Watt brick charger	neutral
; On Windows make sure that bluetooth is not turned off when it is not in use to save power .	bluetooth	neutral
I bought an inexpensive hard drive enclosure ( thisone ) .	hard drive enclosure	neutral
Other users online claimed that the retina display give them image retention , but I have not notice anything on mine screen nor do I see any screen lag when scrolling .	retina display	neutral
Other users online claimed that the retina display give them image retention , but I have not notice anything on mine screen nor do I see any screen lag when scrolling .	screen	neutral
Other users online claimed that the retina display give them image retention , but I have not notice anything on mine screen nor do I see any screen lag when scrolling .	screen	neutral
The retractable usb connector on this pen drive is a definite plus .	retractable usb connector	neutral
The retractable usb connector on this pen drive is a definite plus .	pen drive	neutral
The case can easily get scratched but that s what its for , right ?	case	neutral
The complaints on glare	glare	neutral
If you are looking for a good and portable USB solution , this product will do the job .	USB solution	neutral
Given that it has essentially the same charging specs ( you ca n't use standard car cell phone , USB - based chargers with the Samsung Tab 's cables because they do n't supply enough current ; both the Belkin and the OEM chargers are about 2 Amp units ) , I 'd say that the Belkin is a bit better than the OEM unit .	charging specs	neutral
Given that it has essentially the same charging specs ( you ca n't use standard car cell phone , USB - based chargers with the Samsung Tab 's cables because they do n't supply enough current ; both the Belkin and the OEM chargers are about 2 Amp units ) , I 'd say that the Belkin is a bit better than the OEM unit .	USB -	neutral
I use this with an iPhone 5 and either a pair of Sony MDR - V700 over ear headphones or Shure SE 535 ear buds .	over ear headphones	neutral
I use this with an iPhone 5 and either a pair of Sony MDR - V700 over ear headphones or Shure SE 535 ear buds .	ear buds	neutral
I currently have it configured to match the color of my G105 MW3	color	neutral
have the awesome nano receiver , laser tracking , and storage of the nano receiver inside the mouse itself when not in use .	nano receiver	neutral
have the awesome nano receiver , laser tracking , and storage of the nano receiver inside the mouse itself when not in use .	laser tracking	neutral
have the awesome nano receiver , laser tracking , and storage of the nano receiver inside the mouse itself when not in use .	nano receiver	neutral
have the awesome nano receiver , laser tracking , and storage of the nano receiver inside the mouse itself when not in use .	mouse	neutral
I like the back compartment for storing USB cables .	back compartment	neutral
I like the back compartment for storing USB cables .	USB cables	neutral
6 GB of memory is decent , but the 5400 rpm hard drive is a bit slow ( takes programs longer to load into memory , including Windows bootup ) .	6 GB of memory	neutral
6 GB of memory is decent , but the 5400 rpm hard drive is a bit slow ( takes programs longer to load into memory , including Windows bootup ) .	5400 rpm hard drive	neutral
6 GB of memory is decent , but the 5400 rpm hard drive is a bit slow ( takes programs longer to load into memory , including Windows bootup ) .	memory	neutral
6 GB of memory is decent , but the 5400 rpm hard drive is a bit slow ( takes programs longer to load into memory , including Windows bootup ) .	Windows bootup	neutral
There were some complaints about the keyboard which almost made me skip this machine	keyboard	neutral
Can not say how this service compares to other no contract wireless broadband service , but it is a big improvement over dial - up .	service	neutral
Can not say how this service compares to other no contract wireless broadband service , but it is a big improvement over dial - up .	wireless broadband service	neutral
And even with this level of care , almost one third of the key presses do nothing .	key presses	neutral
Great value for the price !	price	neutral
Case is very nice .	Case	neutral
The cord is way too short but a 3 ' extension cord allowed me to connect it to my surge protector .	cord	neutral
The cord is way too short but a 3 ' extension cord allowed me to connect it to my surge protector .	3 ' extension cord	neutral
The USB cable is about 2 feet long , and the power cable is about 30 inches long .	USB cable	neutral
The USB cable is about 2 feet long , and the power cable is about 30 inches long .	power cable	neutral
I needed a basic mic to detract from the feedback my typing would have during Google Hangouts hosted on my laptop .	mic	neutral
After some research , I suspect it is a faulty video cable that passes through the hinges .	video cable	neutral
After some research , I suspect it is a faulty video cable that passes through the hinges .	hinges	neutral
It 's difficult to build reliable RF amplifiers that perform that well , have low self - jamming noise , fit into a tiny enclosure , and still cost only a few dollars to make .	RF amplifiers	neutral
The compartments are useful and accessible when needed , with well - sized pockets and spots for mp3 , phone , calculator , whatever .	compartments	neutral
It does power USB devices , making it handy for charging multiple USB - ported cellphones , MP3 players , etc , when on the road .	USB devices	neutral
It does power USB devices , making it handy for charging multiple USB - ported cellphones , MP3 players , etc , when on the road .	charging	neutral
It does power USB devices , making it handy for charging multiple USB - ported cellphones , MP3 players , etc , when on the road .	USB -	neutral
This battery is awesome for what you pay .	battery	neutral
am happy with this Plugable adapter .	Plugable adapter	neutral
Problem was the internal speakers do not work - plug in headphones there is sound .	internal speakers	neutral
Works like a charm .	Works	neutral
It 's a keyboard that works when you need and want it to .	keyboard	neutral
If they have dedicated power they tend to be over thirty bucks .	power	neutral
Adjust the brightness to your liking and away you go .	brightness	neutral
The Mac also has the standard USB ports ( 3 of them , but USB 2 . 0 ) , a FireWire 800 port , gigabit ethernet , digital audio S / PDIF in and out , digital display port ( for Apple 's cinema screen or for HDMI adapter ) .	USB ports	neutral
The Mac also has the standard USB ports ( 3 of them , but USB 2 . 0 ) , a FireWire 800 port , gigabit ethernet , digital audio S / PDIF in and out , digital display port ( for Apple 's cinema screen or for HDMI adapter ) .	USB	neutral
The Mac also has the standard USB ports ( 3 of them , but USB 2 . 0 ) , a FireWire 800 port , gigabit ethernet , digital audio S / PDIF in and out , digital display port ( for Apple 's cinema screen or for HDMI adapter ) .	FireWire 800 port	neutral
The Mac also has the standard USB ports ( 3 of them , but USB 2 . 0 ) , a FireWire 800 port , gigabit ethernet , digital audio S / PDIF in and out , digital display port ( for Apple 's cinema screen or for HDMI adapter ) .	gigabit ethernet	neutral
The Mac also has the standard USB ports ( 3 of them , but USB 2 . 0 ) , a FireWire 800 port , gigabit ethernet , digital audio S / PDIF in and out , digital display port ( for Apple 's cinema screen or for HDMI adapter ) .	digital audio S / PDIF	neutral
The Mac also has the standard USB ports ( 3 of them , but USB 2 . 0 ) , a FireWire 800 port , gigabit ethernet , digital audio S / PDIF in and out , digital display port ( for Apple 's cinema screen or for HDMI adapter ) .	digital display port	neutral
The Mac also has the standard USB ports ( 3 of them , but USB 2 . 0 ) , a FireWire 800 port , gigabit ethernet , digital audio S / PDIF in and out , digital display port ( for Apple 's cinema screen or for HDMI adapter ) .	cinema screen	neutral
The Mac also has the standard USB ports ( 3 of them , but USB 2 . 0 ) , a FireWire 800 port , gigabit ethernet , digital audio S / PDIF in and out , digital display port ( for Apple 's cinema screen or for HDMI adapter ) .	HDMI adapter	neutral
I use them to hold iPhone & iPad charging cables in numerous areas .	charging cables	neutral
One thing I like about the battery is that it has a & # 34;foot&#34 ; , so that now my Dell is slightly ( not much ) inclined when I have the battery in place .	battery	neutral
One thing I like about the battery is that it has a & # 34;foot&#34 ; , so that now my Dell is slightly ( not much ) inclined when I have the battery in place .	battery	neutral
I ran CUPID HWMonitor and the temperature on GPU	GPU	neutral
Had this on my Mac since Oct and makes it look good however the rubber bumpers on the bottom came off ( not a big deal ) and the corners are cracked on both the front two corners on the bottom part .	rubber bumpers	neutral
Had this on my Mac since Oct and makes it look good however the rubber bumpers on the bottom came off ( not a big deal ) and the corners are cracked on both the front two corners on the bottom part .	corners	neutral
Good product , especially for the price .	price	neutral
On the bottom of the main speaker is an " audio input " plug where you can connect an external audio device like an iPod , or a computer without FireWire .	speaker	neutral
On the bottom of the main speaker is an " audio input " plug where you can connect an external audio device like an iPod , or a computer without FireWire .	audio input " plug	neutral
On the bottom of the main speaker is an " audio input " plug where you can connect an external audio device like an iPod , or a computer without FireWire .	external audio device	neutral
On the bottom of the main speaker is an " audio input " plug where you can connect an external audio device like an iPod , or a computer without FireWire .	FireWire	neutral
And , there 's really no design or style to it ...	design	neutral
And , there 's really no design or style to it ...	style	neutral
The XPad is great on a sofa or bed where you might sit the notebook on a blanket .	XPad	neutral
I felt of the bottom , and it was burning hot .	bottom	neutral
Some of the key features , the audio port toggle switch and the power saving mode , are both controlled by Windows specific software .	features	neutral
Some of the key features , the audio port toggle switch and the power saving mode , are both controlled by Windows specific software .	audio port toggle switch	neutral
Some of the key features , the audio port toggle switch and the power saving mode , are both controlled by Windows specific software .	power saving mode	neutral
Some of the key features , the audio port toggle switch and the power saving mode , are both controlled by Windows specific software .	Windows specific software	neutral
My problem is that the cord between the & # 34;brick&#34 ; part and the plug into the computer is extremely short ( close to 2 feet shorter than my old PS ) .	cord	neutral
My problem is that the cord between the & # 34;brick&#34 ; part and the plug into the computer is extremely short ( close to 2 feet shorter than my old PS ) .	plug	neutral
A great product at a great price , along with fast shipping !	price	neutral
A great product at a great price , along with fast shipping !	shipping	neutral
The interface seems to work properly but the drive I bought it to use on seems more damaged than I had originally thought .	interface	neutral
The interface seems to work properly but the drive I bought it to use on seems more damaged than I had originally thought .	drive	neutral
It will hold only the netbook and not the electrical adapter or mouse .	electrical adapter	neutral
It will hold only the netbook and not the electrical adapter or mouse .	mouse	neutral
I have to say I really wanted to like this mouse , but after a few weeks , I would get constant disconnects .	mouse	neutral
and I wanted something that I could just plug and play without having to worry about searching for drivers .	drivers	neutral
The price is second to none and the box it comes in was nice for gift - giving .	price	neutral
The unit has excellent audio for a TV , especially after you take time to tweak the many available sound options .	audio	neutral
The unit has excellent audio for a TV , especially after you take time to tweak the many available sound options .	sound	neutral
Yes , the mouse buttons are weird and clicking is sort of an exercise .	mouse buttons	neutral
I like having 2 hi - output USB ports plus the power output for my laptop .	hi - output USB ports	neutral
I like having 2 hi - output USB ports plus the power output for my laptop .	power output	neutral
but the memory is not upgradable .	memory	neutral
I had a " compact " keyboard	keyboard	neutral
: Very solid construction .	construction	neutral
and i 'm happy with the replacement.-Pros - Cheaper than OEM - Good cord lenght - Doesn't seem to get very hot - Cons - NoneOverall	cord	neutral
I have now tried wearing mittens while using other products ' keyboards and , sure enough , the result is pretty much the same goobleddygrok , so I hereby add back that star .	keyboards	neutral
I mostly dabble on the programming side , so I do n't need this for any beefy work - related projects .	programming	neutral
Under $ 20 . 00What can I buy a speaker for my macbookpro ?	speaker	neutral
It has a side pocket to store stuff .	pocket	neutral
Needs small fingers , but better than using touch pad on tablet because this has a real touch .	touch pad	neutral
I have n't learned yet how to discover IP address ( LAN IP before firewall ) .	IP address	neutral
I have n't learned yet how to discover IP address ( LAN IP before firewall ) .	LAN IP	neutral
I have n't learned yet how to discover IP address ( LAN IP before firewall ) .	firewall	neutral
This is n't as fail - safe as an actual buckle ( in case you forget to zip up the inside compartment ) but it works well at what it 's designed to do .	buckle	neutral
The slight angle makes for much more comfortable use of the screen when in pad mode .	angle	neutral
The slight angle makes for much more comfortable use of the screen when in pad mode .	screen	neutral
The slight angle makes for much more comfortable use of the screen when in pad mode .	pad mode	neutral
( Note : This model is listed several times on Amazon at various prices , so be sure to shop for best price!)This review	prices	neutral
( Note : This model is listed several times on Amazon at various prices , so be sure to shop for best price!)This review	price!)This	neutral
the sound is completely acceptable .	sound	neutral
For the price this is a very solid laptop .	price	neutral
As per , I charged the battery overnight with the laptop off .	battery	neutral
I recharged the speaker with a 5V~0 . 85A AC wall charger overnight , and it worked fine .	AC wall charger	neutral
The only thing I would change is I would add a detachable shoulder strap .	shoulder strap	neutral
Its cheap chinsy plastic , and has terrible drivers .	drivers	neutral
I am using it as a connection between an XBOX One console and the controller .	XBOX One console	neutral
I 've NEVER had a dropped connection ( hopefully this review wo n't jinx it ! ) .	connection	neutral
It could be infant mortality of the card but , be wary if you need reliability .	card	neutral
On the contrary , the WiinRemote application worked properly .	WiinRemote application	neutral
The pack seems to fit my 6D and G1X , lenses , filters , batteries etc	batteries	neutral
And to put things in perspective , I purchased this product because my keys to my Eclipse got misplaced ....	keys	neutral
I am now VERY happy with my setup , especially since the Satechi 4-Port hub works	setup	neutral
I am now VERY happy with my setup , especially since the Satechi 4-Port hub works	Satechi	neutral
I am now VERY happy with my setup , especially since the Satechi 4-Port hub works	4-Port hub	neutral
It 's held up well and it has extra storage .	storage	neutral
I only intend to take one electronic device , the recharger for my camera batteries , on this trip .	recharger	neutral
But I 'm also not very picky when it comes to audio .	audio	neutral
But that 's all you get ... a touch screen .	touch screen	neutral
One nice thing is that the shoulder strap detaches easily .	shoulder strap	neutral
It 's great quality and it saved me loads of bucks instead of ordering this direct from Acer .	quality	neutral
In speed , it actually slowed me down .	speed	neutral
Enhanced software features includes:- More customization	Enhanced software features	neutral
I have bought several of these about 9 months and they do charge at high speed .	charge	neutral
I have bought several of these about 9 months and they do charge at high speed .	speed	neutral
In the laptop compartment , there is enough room left over for the power cords using the velcro divider .	power cords	neutral
MegaPixel 's as I imagine it but the audio is n't bad .	audio	neutral
I purchased this computer having high expectations --- excellent battery life , optimus technology with a video card ( 512 mg ) and an optical driver .	battery life	neutral
I purchased this computer having high expectations --- excellent battery life , optimus technology with a video card ( 512 mg ) and an optical driver .	optimus technology	neutral
I purchased this computer having high expectations --- excellent battery life , optimus technology with a video card ( 512 mg ) and an optical driver .	video card	neutral
I purchased this computer having high expectations --- excellent battery life , optimus technology with a video card ( 512 mg ) and an optical driver .	optical driver	neutral
It does come with a little bit of bloatware , but ( I think ) not as bad as those that came with other laptops I 've bought .	bloatware	neutral
The quality is very good , the price is great , and the color is absolutely lovely .	quality	neutral
The quality is very good , the price is great , and the color is absolutely lovely .	price	neutral
The quality is very good , the price is great , and the color is absolutely lovely .	color	neutral
runs 6 sata drives in raid10 , a fast quad core i5 , video card , tv tuner cards .	sata drives	neutral
runs 6 sata drives in raid10 , a fast quad core i5 , video card , tv tuner cards .	raid10	neutral
runs 6 sata drives in raid10 , a fast quad core i5 , video card , tv tuner cards .	quad core i5	neutral
runs 6 sata drives in raid10 , a fast quad core i5 , video card , tv tuner cards .	video card	neutral
So I switched it to the FireWire selection and immediately music poured loudly from these little gems .	FireWire selection	neutral
A core i7 2670 qm , full hd display and 6 gbs of ram and a decent nvidia	core i7 2670 qm	neutral
A core i7 2670 qm , full hd display and 6 gbs of ram and a decent nvidia	hd display	neutral
A core i7 2670 qm , full hd display and 6 gbs of ram and a decent nvidia	nvidia	neutral
Looks great , easy to use & included everything needed to get started ( some do n't include the ac adapter ! ) .	use	neutral
Looks great , easy to use & included everything needed to get started ( some do n't include the ac adapter ! ) .	ac adapter	neutral
I like that this will increase the number of outlets and it provides a couple of USB charging ports .	USB charging ports	neutral
FYI : the repair requests form no longer works and you will not be able call or contact them in any way undoubtedly because their products suck and are all breaking .	repair	neutral
The price is RIGHT !	price	neutral
I 've had no issues with Divx movies , youtube , Hulu full screen struggles a little , Mp3 's are no problem , and running a slingplayer app perfectly with no hiccups from a slingbox streaming a cable box 9500 miles away and also netflix sd streaming works great .	Divx movies	neutral
I 've had no issues with Divx movies , youtube , Hulu full screen struggles a little , Mp3 's are no problem , and running a slingplayer app perfectly with no hiccups from a slingbox streaming a cable box 9500 miles away and also netflix sd streaming works great .	slingplayer app	neutral
I 've had no issues with Divx movies , youtube , Hulu full screen struggles a little , Mp3 's are no problem , and running a slingplayer app perfectly with no hiccups from a slingbox streaming a cable box 9500 miles away and also netflix sd streaming works great .	netflix sd streaming	neutral
Well build .	build	neutral
For the price , 1 . 45 hours is not bad at all .	price	neutral
If you need to carry an average about of items with your laptop , I suggest the top - loader ( my person favorite ) , if you are looking for carrying little more than your computer itself , the slim design of the front - loader might be your best bet .	top - loader	neutral
If you need to carry an average about of items with your laptop , I suggest the top - loader ( my person favorite ) , if you are looking for carrying little more than your computer itself , the slim design of the front - loader might be your best bet .	design	neutral
If you need to carry an average about of items with your laptop , I suggest the top - loader ( my person favorite ) , if you are looking for carrying little more than your computer itself , the slim design of the front - loader might be your best bet .	front - loader	neutral
After months of troubleshooting and talking to others with the same phone , I have traced the problem to the Belkin USB ports .	Belkin USB ports	neutral
CAMERA / LENS COMPARTMENT :	CAMERA / LENS COMPARTMENT	neutral
This product has a perfectly dim light which is easy to see but not overwhelming in its brightness .	brightness	neutral
Besides the standard auto - tune , audio , color , brightness / contrast setting , the monitor also has two additional ECO settings for saving even more energy ( basically by lowering the brightness).The monitor is 23 .	auto - tune	neutral
Besides the standard auto - tune , audio , color , brightness / contrast setting , the monitor also has two additional ECO settings for saving even more energy ( basically by lowering the brightness).The monitor is 23 .	audio	neutral
Besides the standard auto - tune , audio , color , brightness / contrast setting , the monitor also has two additional ECO settings for saving even more energy ( basically by lowering the brightness).The monitor is 23 .	color	neutral
Besides the standard auto - tune , audio , color , brightness / contrast setting , the monitor also has two additional ECO settings for saving even more energy ( basically by lowering the brightness).The monitor is 23 .	brightness	neutral
Besides the standard auto - tune , audio , color , brightness / contrast setting , the monitor also has two additional ECO settings for saving even more energy ( basically by lowering the brightness).The monitor is 23 .	monitor	neutral
Besides the standard auto - tune , audio , color , brightness / contrast setting , the monitor also has two additional ECO settings for saving even more energy ( basically by lowering the brightness).The monitor is 23 .	ECO	neutral
Besides the standard auto - tune , audio , color , brightness / contrast setting , the monitor also has two additional ECO settings for saving even more energy ( basically by lowering the brightness).The monitor is 23 .	brightness).The	neutral
Besides the standard auto - tune , audio , color , brightness / contrast setting , the monitor also has two additional ECO settings for saving even more energy ( basically by lowering the brightness).The monitor is 23 .	monitor	neutral
the power USB cable is nt necissary as the data cable provides enough power for the drive to fuction perfectly .	power USB cable	neutral
the power USB cable is nt necissary as the data cable provides enough power for the drive to fuction perfectly .	data cable	neutral
the power USB cable is nt necissary as the data cable provides enough power for the drive to fuction perfectly .	drive	neutral
ME A DEFECTIVE BATTERY , AND WOULD NOT EVEN SEND ME	BATTERY	neutral
About the only thing that 's good about this is the aesthetic design .	aesthetic design	neutral
For the third time , the computer failed to charge , although we knew the battery would hold a charge if it was getting power .	charge	neutral
For the third time , the computer failed to charge , although we knew the battery would hold a charge if it was getting power .	battery	neutral
The construction is very solid , and the material thick and sturdy , yet light .	construction	neutral
The construction is very solid , and the material thick and sturdy , yet light .	material	neutral
The StarTech eSata / USB3 moved the same file 23 seconds .	StarTech eSata / USB3	neutral
This battery is a great value .	battery	neutral
It 's performing VERY well .	performing	neutral
Nice computer for gaming , best specifications for the price , little quality issues ( glare , screen and power port looks clumsy ) and got really hot during play .	gaming	neutral
Nice computer for gaming , best specifications for the price , little quality issues ( glare , screen and power port looks clumsy ) and got really hot during play .	specifications	neutral
Nice computer for gaming , best specifications for the price , little quality issues ( glare , screen and power port looks clumsy ) and got really hot during play .	price	neutral
Nice computer for gaming , best specifications for the price , little quality issues ( glare , screen and power port looks clumsy ) and got really hot during play .	quality	neutral
Nice computer for gaming , best specifications for the price , little quality issues ( glare , screen and power port looks clumsy ) and got really hot during play .	screen	neutral
Nice computer for gaming , best specifications for the price , little quality issues ( glare , screen and power port looks clumsy ) and got really hot during play .	power port	neutral
Setup is simple -- install the software , plug in the cable , let the machine finish registering it , and that 's it .	Setup	neutral
Setup is simple -- install the software , plug in the cable , let the machine finish registering it , and that 's it .	software	neutral
Setup is simple -- install the software , plug in the cable , let the machine finish registering it , and that 's it .	cable	neutral
On that note however , the included screw driver is slightly fatter than the tiny screws .	included screw driver	neutral
On that note however , the included screw driver is slightly fatter than the tiny screws .	screws	neutral
Get a Dell or a Acer c720p if you like a touchscreen as much as I do .	touchscreen	neutral
Most computers do n't need blazing speed , the latency is usually in loading ads and unnecessary flash , cloud , java - ugh	speed	neutral
Functionality ( office tools , lightweight games , mathematics ( in addition to some good graphing calculator apps , Wolfram Alpha is your friend )	Functionality	neutral
Functionality ( office tools , lightweight games , mathematics ( in addition to some good graphing calculator apps , Wolfram Alpha is your friend )	office tools	neutral
Functionality ( office tools , lightweight games , mathematics ( in addition to some good graphing calculator apps , Wolfram Alpha is your friend )	games	neutral
The cords that came worked flawlessly to get the information of a drive I lost during a recent house fire .	cords	neutral
I needed this because the original charger that came with my HP laptop had a wire break and was no longer charging my laptop unless I held the cable in a specific position .	charger	neutral
I needed this because the original charger that came with my HP laptop had a wire break and was no longer charging my laptop unless I held the cable in a specific position .	cable	neutral
I use the computer mostly for web page editing , picture editing and entertainment purposes .	web page editing	neutral
I use the computer mostly for web page editing , picture editing and entertainment purposes .	picture editing	neutral
It 's a fairly thin , hard / cheap / stiff / smelly foam on the outside with stitching on the side to help thicker laptops expand .	foam	neutral
these area great cables ! !	cables	neutral
When I got the adapter the first thing I noticed is the differences between it and the Original Dell	adapter	neutral
Price was great , shipping was on time .	Price	neutral
Price was great , shipping was on time .	shipping	neutral
Has a lot of bloatware , as expected .	bloatware	neutral
The hardware and included software do work on my laptop .	hardware	neutral
The hardware and included software do work on my laptop .	included software	neutral
inch)- Lots of good space for lenses and the body- Rain cover is stored	body-	neutral
inch)- Lots of good space for lenses and the body- Rain cover is stored	Rain cover	neutral
Having sockets on both sides of the hub makes cable routing cleaner than with most hubs .	sockets	neutral
Having sockets on both sides of the hub makes cable routing cleaner than with most hubs .	hub	neutral
Having sockets on both sides of the hub makes cable routing cleaner than with most hubs .	cable routing	neutral
My only criticism of the cooler is the fan noise is a little bit more noticeable than I expected .	fan noise	neutral
I can get it to a point where there appears to be a one inch band on the top and bottom of the screen that looks like light bleed .	screen	neutral
The lid slid on where the old lid was ...	lid	neutral
The lid slid on where the old lid was ...	lid	neutral
Even then , the edges were difficult to line up properly .	edges	neutral
On Windows , I would expect about an hour less .	Windows	neutral
The laptop is stored on the outside wall of the case with just one layer of padding , which does n't give as much protection as it could if the big , padded flaps were attached to the inside of the case .	flaps	neutral
I love the felt lined quick access pocket that was lacking on my Targus .	quick access pocket	neutral
It 's turned a sleek piece of engineering design into something dreadful .	engineering design	neutral
The micro - b connector seems to be a tighter fit than every other cable I have .	micro - b connector	neutral
The micro - b connector seems to be a tighter fit than every other cable I have .	cable	neutral
The Klipsch speakers have great sound and , in my house , the range covered my entire 2 story house .	Klipsch speakers	neutral
The Klipsch speakers have great sound and , in my house , the range covered my entire 2 story house .	sound	neutral
The Klipsch speakers have great sound and , in my house , the range covered my entire 2 story house .	range	neutral
Fantastic price for an item that looks and feels like a brand - new - never - been - used unit .	price	neutral
The lock itself felt loose and had a rubber gasket that did n't fit and fell out .	lock	neutral
The lock itself felt loose and had a rubber gasket that did n't fit and fell out .	rubber gasket	neutral
Anyone know of a 7 inch case just like this one with carry handles ?	7 inch case	neutral
Anyone know of a 7 inch case just like this one with carry handles ?	carry handles	neutral
It allows m e to control transmit power as well as other parameters .	transmit power	neutral
Fits almost perfectly ( 98 % ) and the slightly shorter leg actually fixed the limp ( the beast has warped a bit after 7 and 1/2 years of service ! )	service	neutral
I just needed something small that can run Windows .	Windows	neutral
This computer is for performance group so it gets pretty banged around and this added cover makes me feel better about it 's protection .	performance group	neutral
Best of all , the power cord is LONG , not some cheap 2 ' cord as others are .	power cord	neutral
Best of all , the power cord is LONG , not some cheap 2 ' cord as others are .	2 ' cord	neutral
The LCD protector was fast and easy .	LCD protector	neutral
After a couple weeks the suction cups began to give out .	suction cups	neutral
The 15 inch Vizio is perhaps the closest competition and it does n't even have an SD card slot to view pics from your camera .	SD card slot	neutral
Unfortunately , the drive does n't seem eligible for ReadyBoost in Windows 7 , but it 's certainly worth the price for 16 gb of pure USB Mass Storage .	drive	neutral
Unfortunately , the drive does n't seem eligible for ReadyBoost in Windows 7 , but it 's certainly worth the price for 16 gb of pure USB Mass Storage .	price	neutral
Unfortunately , the drive does n't seem eligible for ReadyBoost in Windows 7 , but it 's certainly worth the price for 16 gb of pure USB Mass Storage .	16	neutral
Unfortunately , the drive does n't seem eligible for ReadyBoost in Windows 7 , but it 's certainly worth the price for 16 gb of pure USB Mass Storage .	USB Mass Storage	neutral
You will invest a lot of quality time getting Windows 7 up to date.-	Windows 7	neutral
I am curious to see where " Cloud Computing " goes , and it does a good job at surfing the web , email , and chat , which is what most people use their computer 's for , anyway .	Cloud Computing	neutral
I am curious to see where " Cloud Computing " goes , and it does a good job at surfing the web , email , and chat , which is what most people use their computer 's for , anyway .	surfing the web	neutral
A great advantage is detachable battery pack , something not very common in ultrabooks .	battery pack	neutral
The extra keys on the side are nice for quickly opening your internet browser , printing , etc . , although they take some getting used to for the placement of your hands while typing .	internet browser	neutral
I was n't sure that I wanted a laptop that only interfaced the web , with no ability to customize or install normal software .	software	neutral
I would give it a 3 out of 5 for operational performance .	operational performance	neutral
It has a nice range too , to enable you to move around , without losing contact .	range	neutral
It 's just fraught with a few small things that make it obvious where the corners were cut -- namely , the nuances of the design , and the testing / QA .	design	neutral
Search the Internet for Samsung " distorted sound " and " robotic audio " for more information on the problem .	robotic audio	neutral
It 's a battery on a brand new laptop	battery	neutral
This is perfect for the screen of my mac but its not easy put them	screen	neutral
I strongly suggest using the power source included , as a usb port alone can only provide ~500mA , whereas the power source is rated for ~2000mA.	power source	neutral
I strongly suggest using the power source included , as a usb port alone can only provide ~500mA , whereas the power source is rated for ~2000mA.	usb port	neutral
I strongly suggest using the power source included , as a usb port alone can only provide ~500mA , whereas the power source is rated for ~2000mA.	power source	neutral
right it can be frustrating trying to feel for the edge of the pad .	edge of the pad	neutral
Speakers are terrible .	Speakers	neutral
That being said , it 's really good for general gestures ( ie . swiping screens etc ) but not good for fine movement like say with an iPad .	gestures	neutral
That being said , it 's really good for general gestures ( ie . swiping screens etc ) but not good for fine movement like say with an iPad .	movement	neutral
This could be any external drive types , printers , speaker systems and external displays that you wish to use .	external drive types	neutral
This could be any external drive types , printers , speaker systems and external displays that you wish to use .	speaker	neutral
This could be any external drive types , printers , speaker systems and external displays that you wish to use .	external displays	neutral
For the price of the best model , you could buy an ultrabook with similar specs ( around $ 1000 ) , a much more powerful desktop with dual 24 in monitors ( around $ 1000+$300 ) , and a tablet ( around $ 500 ) .	price	neutral
For the price of the best model , you could buy an ultrabook with similar specs ( around $ 1000 ) , a much more powerful desktop with dual 24 in monitors ( around $ 1000+$300 ) , and a tablet ( around $ 500 ) .	specs	neutral
For the price of the best model , you could buy an ultrabook with similar specs ( around $ 1000 ) , a much more powerful desktop with dual 24 in monitors ( around $ 1000+$300 ) , and a tablet ( around $ 500 ) .	24 in monitors	neutral
The problem is that this laptop has a great screen , runs fast and therefore should be great for video editing on the road , but I use the 10 key portion of a keyboard when video editing , and this laptop does not have one .	screen	neutral
The problem is that this laptop has a great screen , runs fast and therefore should be great for video editing on the road , but I use the 10 key portion of a keyboard when video editing , and this laptop does not have one .	runs	neutral
The problem is that this laptop has a great screen , runs fast and therefore should be great for video editing on the road , but I use the 10 key portion of a keyboard when video editing , and this laptop does not have one .	video editing	neutral
The problem is that this laptop has a great screen , runs fast and therefore should be great for video editing on the road , but I use the 10 key portion of a keyboard when video editing , and this laptop does not have one .	10 key	neutral
The problem is that this laptop has a great screen , runs fast and therefore should be great for video editing on the road , but I use the 10 key portion of a keyboard when video editing , and this laptop does not have one .	keyboard	neutral
The problem is that this laptop has a great screen , runs fast and therefore should be great for video editing on the road , but I use the 10 key portion of a keyboard when video editing , and this laptop does not have one .	video editing	neutral
There are no panels to manually install or set hardware that does not mount automatically , unless it registers in the audio mixer ( which it did not ) .	hardware	neutral
There are no panels to manually install or set hardware that does not mount automatically , unless it registers in the audio mixer ( which it did not ) .	audio mixer	neutral
The screen is crystal clear and very nice while in hand , and hooks up via HDMI to present dazzling visual displays on monitors .	screen	neutral
The screen is crystal clear and very nice while in hand , and hooks up via HDMI to present dazzling visual displays on monitors .	HDMI	neutral
This is not a detailed review as I do n't have actual runtime for you .	runtime	neutral
I never had this issue with the app before , so	app	neutral
A slightly padded rear compartment with a velcro latch houses your laptop .	rear compartment	neutral
A slightly padded rear compartment with a velcro latch houses your laptop .	velcro latch	neutral
I have a MacBook Pro using OS X 10 . 5 . 6 , and I 've been using Time Machine ( supplied software ) with Apple 's Time Capsule ( wireless router and backup system ) to wirelessly backup my laptop automatically .	OS X 10 . 5	neutral
I have a MacBook Pro using OS X 10 . 5 . 6 , and I 've been using Time Machine ( supplied software ) with Apple 's Time Capsule ( wireless router and backup system ) to wirelessly backup my laptop automatically .	Time Machine	neutral
I do nt know why MS and other brand names sell the exact same product at four times the price .	price	neutral
Great warranty , came with one free year of accidental damage protection .	warranty	neutral
The NotePal X - Slim appears to be well constructed , and it 's definitely meeting my expectations for a cooling pad .	cooling pad	neutral
If they last over time they will be worth the price which was n't that much .	price	neutral
You might want to get some of the 6-foot Apple charger cables , then you can use the device while it is charging .	Apple charger cables	neutral
You might want to get some of the 6-foot Apple charger cables , then you can use the device while it is charging .	charging	neutral
this is a great little speaker setup !	speaker setup	neutral
Nice look , nice feel , take some getting used to , smaller than what appears on Amazon .	look	neutral
Nice look , nice feel , take some getting used to , smaller than what appears on Amazon .	feel	neutral
It was between this and the Samsung 27 " and w/ the extra bragging rights of having a 1ms response time ; keeping it in the ViewSonic line for brand consistency and the sexy all black trim ; I 'm super happy with this buy .	response time	neutral
It was between this and the Samsung 27 " and w/ the extra bragging rights of having a 1ms response time ; keeping it in the ViewSonic line for brand consistency and the sexy all black trim ; I 'm super happy with this buy .	trim	neutral
I calibrated the lcd , but the blue tint kept coming back .	lcd	neutral
However , the charging will have to be done with the flap down to charge it , which to me , is not a big issue , I charge my devices at night while I am asleep .	charging	neutral
I also thread my head phones and ethernet cables through the straps	ethernet cables	neutral
I also thread my head phones and ethernet cables through the straps	straps	neutral
the CPU and the Right cools the GPU .	CPU	neutral
the CPU and the Right cools the GPU .	GPU	neutral
" Security Software " on both MAC OSX and Windows - which I did n't want in the 1st place .	Security Software	neutral
" Security Software " on both MAC OSX and Windows - which I did n't want in the 1st place .	Windows	neutral
900HA vs Dell Mini / HP One Noteapples to apples , Dell Mini has poorer config than this .	config	neutral
, I was expecting it to be light as a feather , have no weight and feel cheap , could n't have been further from the truth , this thing feels quality and to me that means alot .	weight	neutral
This is my second ACER laptop and both have and are giving me good service .	service	neutral
Clone takes me about 6 hours on a 500 gb drive with 300 gb of data .	500 gb drive	neutral
This is due to the RAM ( memory operations per second ) , the Graphics ( desktop performance for Windows Aero ) , and the gaming graphics ( 3D business and gaming graphics performance ) .	RAM	neutral
This is due to the RAM ( memory operations per second ) , the Graphics ( desktop performance for Windows Aero ) , and the gaming graphics ( 3D business and gaming graphics performance ) .	memory operations	neutral
This is due to the RAM ( memory operations per second ) , the Graphics ( desktop performance for Windows Aero ) , and the gaming graphics ( 3D business and gaming graphics performance ) .	Graphics	neutral
This is due to the RAM ( memory operations per second ) , the Graphics ( desktop performance for Windows Aero ) , and the gaming graphics ( 3D business and gaming graphics performance ) .	desktop performance	neutral
This is due to the RAM ( memory operations per second ) , the Graphics ( desktop performance for Windows Aero ) , and the gaming graphics ( 3D business and gaming graphics performance ) .	Windows Aero	neutral
This is due to the RAM ( memory operations per second ) , the Graphics ( desktop performance for Windows Aero ) , and the gaming graphics ( 3D business and gaming graphics performance ) .	gaming graphics	neutral
This is due to the RAM ( memory operations per second ) , the Graphics ( desktop performance for Windows Aero ) , and the gaming graphics ( 3D business and gaming graphics performance ) .	3D business	neutral
This is due to the RAM ( memory operations per second ) , the Graphics ( desktop performance for Windows Aero ) , and the gaming graphics ( 3D business and gaming graphics performance ) .	gaming graphics performance	neutral
The thumb buttons are extremely poorly placed , and do not have a very user friendly actuation .	thumb buttons	neutral
The resulting bulge is so subtle it does n't cause any problem when typing on a table or even when placing the GS4 on the charging pad .	charging pad	neutral
It also has the 2-speed switch on the side for either High or Low speed operations .	2-speed switch	neutral
It also has the 2-speed switch on the side for either High or Low speed operations .	speed operations	neutral
Touchscreen response is good but sometimes can over compensate .	Touchscreen response	neutral
This one after installation of software from CD and plugging in the USB worked like a charm .	software	neutral
This one after installation of software from CD and plugging in the USB worked like a charm .	USB	neutral
While I liked the design and portability of some of those speakers , it bugged me that they all featured docks for the various iPod models .	design	neutral
While I liked the design and portability of some of those speakers , it bugged me that they all featured docks for the various iPod models .	portability	neutral
While I liked the design and portability of some of those speakers , it bugged me that they all featured docks for the various iPod models .	speakers	neutral
While I liked the design and portability of some of those speakers , it bugged me that they all featured docks for the various iPod models .	docks	neutral
Would probably be the perfect laptop at this price point .	price point	neutral
There 's also Microsoft Works and a trial version of Norton Security and Microsoft Office .	Microsoft Works	neutral
There 's also Microsoft Works and a trial version of Norton Security and Microsoft Office .	Norton Security	neutral
There 's also Microsoft Works and a trial version of Norton Security and Microsoft Office .	Microsoft Office	neutral
It 's a five - button mouse with probably the best scroll wheel available on a mouse .	five - button	neutral
It 's a five - button mouse with probably the best scroll wheel available on a mouse .	mouse	neutral
It 's a five - button mouse with probably the best scroll wheel available on a mouse .	scroll wheel	neutral
It 's a five - button mouse with probably the best scroll wheel available on a mouse .	mouse	neutral
Good construction .	construction	neutral
which is a problem i had with the cables to go splitter ...	cables to go splitter	neutral
We picked up some nice looking , shoeboxed size cloth covered boxes locally and it 's a perfect fit for the ProSleeve 's and the Storage Guides .	Storage Guides	neutral
It also comes with all the tools needed , including the plastic needed to unplug the delicate cables .	cables	neutral
A little floppy around the edges , and it took me a little bit to get used to having to be sort of careful when picking it up , but I like it now .	edges	neutral
after having previously been burned a couple of times buying cheap , knock - off cables on Amazon .	cables	neutral
There are no equivalent programs for what I am doing on Mac and the requirements	programs	neutral
The aluminum is n't a glossy shiny finish but more of a matte finish .	aluminum	neutral
The aluminum is n't a glossy shiny finish but more of a matte finish .	finish	neutral
so I run the Dell Diagnostic software to find the root cause , and to my surprise the new fan did n't pass the test it gave me the error code 3700:011B , which means FAN FAILURE , I could not believe they sent me a bad fan , so I decided to try the old fan that I was replacing and this one passed the diagnostic test without a problem , so I ended up cleaning my old fan and using it again	Dell Diagnostic software	neutral
so I run the Dell Diagnostic software to find the root cause , and to my surprise the new fan did n't pass the test it gave me the error code 3700:011B , which means FAN FAILURE , I could not believe they sent me a bad fan , so I decided to try the old fan that I was replacing and this one passed the diagnostic test without a problem , so I ended up cleaning my old fan and using it again	fan	neutral
so I run the Dell Diagnostic software to find the root cause , and to my surprise the new fan did n't pass the test it gave me the error code 3700:011B , which means FAN FAILURE , I could not believe they sent me a bad fan , so I decided to try the old fan that I was replacing and this one passed the diagnostic test without a problem , so I ended up cleaning my old fan and using it again	FAN	neutral
so I run the Dell Diagnostic software to find the root cause , and to my surprise the new fan did n't pass the test it gave me the error code 3700:011B , which means FAN FAILURE , I could not believe they sent me a bad fan , so I decided to try the old fan that I was replacing and this one passed the diagnostic test without a problem , so I ended up cleaning my old fan and using it again	fan	neutral
but it also has very comfortable handles	handles	neutral
This cable -- mouse freezes and have to reboot .	cable	neutral
This cable -- mouse freezes and have to reboot .	mouse	neutral
I can not recommend this AC adapter .	AC adapter	neutral
I did a battery reset , still no luck .	battery reset	neutral
It turns it to sleep mode or wake mode automatically .	sleep mode	neutral
It turns it to sleep mode or wake mode automatically .	wake mode	neutral
Hopefully , in the not - too - distant future , we 'll be able to plop a 3D disk in the Blu - Ray 3D drive , take out our 3D glasses ( with magnified lenses ) and watch 3D movies on a laptop ; those days , however , are still in the future ( 2 - 3 years ) .	3D disk	neutral
Hopefully , in the not - too - distant future , we 'll be able to plop a 3D disk in the Blu - Ray 3D drive , take out our 3D glasses ( with magnified lenses ) and watch 3D movies on a laptop ; those days , however , are still in the future ( 2 - 3 years ) .	Blu - Ray 3D drive	neutral
Hopefully , in the not - too - distant future , we 'll be able to plop a 3D disk in the Blu - Ray 3D drive , take out our 3D glasses ( with magnified lenses ) and watch 3D movies on a laptop ; those days , however , are still in the future ( 2 - 3 years ) .	3D glasses	neutral
The space bar is difficult to hit , which slows you down , but you get used to it after a while .	space bar	neutral
We both own Toshiba laptops and the touchpads there work smoothly without a glitch .	touchpads	neutral
Exterior Finish - I had to rule out the Inspiron 15 because of the fingerprint magnet black shiny finish that is all the ( dumb ) rage in electronics these days .	Exterior Finish	neutral
Exterior Finish - I had to rule out the Inspiron 15 because of the fingerprint magnet black shiny finish that is all the ( dumb ) rage in electronics these days .	finish	neutral
Double Buffered)-Multicore Rendering : Enabled - Shader Detail :	Shader Detail	neutral
The RAM is this drive is also very slow .	RAM	neutral
The RAM is this drive is also very slow .	drive	neutral
Non of the product info had mentioned this feature prior to my purchase , so this was just a great little bonus which I find to be very useful .	feature	neutral
This is a sure winner - lightweight , very portable and even has a cloth pouch .	cloth pouch	neutral
First of all , the VGA cable pictured is n't what you get in the box .	VGA cable	neutral
does what it should , nice crisp video and the audio is good as well .	video	neutral
does what it should , nice crisp video and the audio is good as well .	audio	neutral
I bought it it to browse internet and to write blogs in Russian .	browse internet	neutral
Both cracked in the rear corners of the bottom cover after a couple months .	bottom cover	neutral
It 's cheaper than buying a radio that hangs in the shower itself , and the option of playing your own music from flash drives / cards is hard to pass up .	flash drives	neutral
While these are listed as USB 2 . 0 , they certainly did n't act the part .	USB 2 . 0	neutral
Strangely , Ubuntu was also able to resurrect the " broken " internal WiFi NIC on the laptop , so I do n't need the USB stick any more .	Ubuntu	neutral
Strangely , Ubuntu was also able to resurrect the " broken " internal WiFi NIC on the laptop , so I do n't need the USB stick any more .	internal WiFi NIC	neutral
Strangely , Ubuntu was also able to resurrect the " broken " internal WiFi NIC on the laptop , so I do n't need the USB stick any more .	USB stick	neutral
With that being said , the cord is a bit shorter than I would like .	cord	neutral
Without the issue of the warped disc and no ability to obtain Nero 8 software , this would receive a 3-star rating .	warped disc	neutral
Without the issue of the warped disc and no ability to obtain Nero 8 software , this would receive a 3-star rating .	Nero 8 software	neutral
So far , I have n't had any problems with this pad .	pad	neutral
This Amp seems reasonably priced and i wanted a desktop unit , did not need tht DAC	DAC	neutral
I used my Sony Vaio for long time and this replacement battery does the job .	battery	neutral
The external pockets are all good sized and close pretty securely with buttons .	external pockets	neutral
There are a number of improvements and the styling is nice .	styling	neutral
I bought this headphone specifically to use with Dragon Naturally Speaking 10 , which works like a charm with it .	headphone	neutral
I bought this headphone specifically to use with Dragon Naturally Speaking 10 , which works like a charm with it .	Dragon Naturally Speaking 10	neutral
5lbs you get superdrive , changeable battery , up to 4gigs of ram , bigger hard drive , and it fells almost as small as the macbook air .	superdrive	neutral
5lbs you get superdrive , changeable battery , up to 4gigs of ram , bigger hard drive , and it fells almost as small as the macbook air .	battery	neutral
5lbs you get superdrive , changeable battery , up to 4gigs of ram , bigger hard drive , and it fells almost as small as the macbook air .	ram	neutral
5lbs you get superdrive , changeable battery , up to 4gigs of ram , bigger hard drive , and it fells almost as small as the macbook air .	hard drive	neutral
The use of it is good , screen very nice .	use	neutral
The use of it is good , screen very nice .	screen	neutral
I 'd buy it again and recommend it for the price .	price	neutral
Visit Lenovo , Asus , HP , Dell , Toshiba websites and research their latest budget model lines as those models will have the must updates CPUs in them .	CPUs	neutral
Would recommend this to anyone that likes to run different operating systems .	operating systems	neutral
Until someone invents the self cleaning , vaporizing trackball .... they should remain removable .	trackball	neutral
I had mentioned there was a scratch on the case	case	neutral
I was wary of the glossy screen from the getgo , because I MUCH MUCh prefer matte screens .	screens	neutral
This is a great battery .	battery	neutral
It replaced a Toshiba that went thru 3 hard drives and died after 2 years .	hard drives	neutral
The cover folds up to be used as a stand and is very sturdy ( does n't unfurl while being used , even with some nasty turbulence on the last flight ) .	cover	neutral
The cover folds up to be used as a stand and is very sturdy ( does n't unfurl while being used , even with some nasty turbulence on the last flight ) .	stand	neutral
When I ordered a new Mac laptop one of the reviews said the silver finish on it was easily scratched and mentioned getting a cover .	silver finish	neutral
When I ordered a new Mac laptop one of the reviews said the silver finish on it was easily scratched and mentioned getting a cover .	cover	neutral
I had aTargus PA248U Notebook Chill PadI used .	Chill PadI	neutral
9 " tablet , which charges very slowly .	charges	neutral
It works perfectly and passed testing without any issues .	works	neutral
75 inches deep , back height	back height	neutral
I had a Canon S95 and put CHDK on it , which while a bit rough around the edges , provided me with an endlessly programmable intervalometer .	edges	neutral
The front pocket lets me store some random pens , styluses , and a small notebook .	front pocket	neutral
The leg stand for the case is a added bonus .	leg stand for the case	neutral
The D525 's embedded memory controller limits usable RAM to 2 . 8 GB , meaning that it is probably NOT advisable to purchase the 4 GB version of the 1215N.	embedded memory controller	neutral
The D525 's embedded memory controller limits usable RAM to 2 . 8 GB , meaning that it is probably NOT advisable to purchase the 4 GB version of the 1215N.	RAM	neutral
The D525 's embedded memory controller limits usable RAM to 2 . 8 GB , meaning that it is probably NOT advisable to purchase the 4 GB version of the 1215N.	4 GB	neutral
For the price you ca n't go wrong .	price	neutral
This mouse will blind you at night .	mouse	neutral
The distance is just barely long enough but I knew it would be close when I ordered it .	distance	neutral
However , if the magnet ( that keeps it shut ) touches your tablet 's front , it will turn the tablet off and has possible adverse affects if done continuously .	magnet	neutral
I like the extra lip that goes around it although it does increase the dimensions of the computer .	lip	neutral
I like the extra lip that goes around it although it does increase the dimensions of the computer .	dimensions	neutral
You can add an handle if you want .	handle	neutral
The mouse itself is 3 3/4 inches long , with contoured , rubberized sides for a comfortable grip .	mouse	neutral
Comes complete with a short USB extension cable and the 2 GB SD card -- both nice bonuses on top of a useful reader .	USB extension cable	neutral
Comes complete with a short USB extension cable and the 2 GB SD card -- both nice bonuses on top of a useful reader .	2 GB SD card	neutral
Comes complete with a short USB extension cable and the 2 GB SD card -- both nice bonuses on top of a useful reader .	reader	neutral
I multitasked with a live audio stream , a program download , and a few open programs , and I did not notice much slowdown .	program download	neutral
I multitasked with a live audio stream , a program download , and a few open programs , and I did not notice much slowdown .	programs	neutral
I downloaded all the programs we like to use Firefox , CCleaner , Microsoft Security Essentials and got rid of Norton security which I do n't like at all .	programs	neutral
I downloaded all the programs we like to use Firefox , CCleaner , Microsoft Security Essentials and got rid of Norton security which I do n't like at all .	Firefox	neutral
I downloaded all the programs we like to use Firefox , CCleaner , Microsoft Security Essentials and got rid of Norton security which I do n't like at all .	Microsoft Security Essentials	neutral
I downloaded all the programs we like to use Firefox , CCleaner , Microsoft Security Essentials and got rid of Norton security which I do n't like at all .	Norton security	neutral
Otherwise , it 's a great notebook case , good material & construction .	material	neutral
Otherwise , it 's a great notebook case , good material & construction .	construction	neutral
Here is how to use the speaker and controls : Pair your BT audio to it .	speaker	neutral
Here is how to use the speaker and controls : Pair your BT audio to it .	controls	neutral
Here is how to use the speaker and controls : Pair your BT audio to it .	BT audio	neutral
This case works great for it .	case	neutral
But seeing a SoundLink at the Apple store , I was impressed with the size and quality .	SoundLink	neutral
But seeing a SoundLink at the Apple store , I was impressed with the size and quality .	size	neutral
But seeing a SoundLink at the Apple store , I was impressed with the size and quality .	quality	neutral
It works great !	works	neutral
I am using Kanex dongles for both the VGA and HDMI .	Kanex dongles	neutral
I am using Kanex dongles for both the VGA and HDMI .	VGA	neutral
I am using Kanex dongles for both the VGA and HDMI .	HDMI	neutral
Do n't forget if you allow your computer to run a battery to calculate how long it takes to shutdown your computer properly .	battery	neutral
( I 'd also like an alternative to Apple 's problematic AC adapters . )	AC adapters	neutral
The wireless connected easily with my home network .	wireless	neutral
Definitely a good ( and nice looking ) unit for the price .	price	neutral
I do n't know why people have complained about the build quality on these - I have n't noticed anything that even hints at poor quality with this model .	build quality	neutral
I do n't know why people have complained about the build quality on these - I have n't noticed anything that even hints at poor quality with this model .	quality	neutral
Precise and easy to use .	use	neutral
The optical drive sounds , at times , like the Enterprise spinning up on the original Star Trek .	optical drive	neutral
While this product is clunky , it works as described and provided much needed temporary power during outage over several days .	power	neutral
HDMI for video is pretty standard and an SSD slot for transfering pictures is also welcomed .	HDMI	neutral
HDMI for video is pretty standard and an SSD slot for transfering pictures is also welcomed .	SSD slot	neutral
Otherwise , this is a great device to pair with a HTPC for casual couch web / channel surfing .	web	neutral
It was crap , in fact , I ended up taking it back and picking up a Logitech ( coincidently ) wireless keyboard and mouse .	wireless keyboard	neutral
It was crap , in fact , I ended up taking it back and picking up a Logitech ( coincidently ) wireless keyboard and mouse .	mouse	neutral
I further tested it by plugging in all manner of USB devices .	USB devices	neutral
Using these will help you gain experience with the tablet and the functionality of the pen .	functionality	neutral
Using these will help you gain experience with the tablet and the functionality of the pen .	pen	neutral
These are not on the screen but in the black area bordering the screen .	screen	neutral
These are not on the screen but in the black area bordering the screen .	screen	neutral
Wow , the bump in speed is incredible .	speed	neutral
I 've played some movies in 1080p off the hard drive and they all play fine with the onboard Intel HD Graphics 4400 .	hard drive	neutral
I 've played some movies in 1080p off the hard drive and they all play fine with the onboard Intel HD Graphics 4400 .	Intel HD Graphics 4400	neutral
They do not require plugging in , so one less item in the power strip , and I reclaimed some desktop space , as they mounted nicely behind the screen .	power strip	neutral
They do not require plugging in , so one less item in the power strip , and I reclaimed some desktop space , as they mounted nicely behind the screen .	screen	neutral
I can only tighten the straps about an inch or my arm tingles reaching for the handlebars on my Marauder .	straps	neutral
I can only tighten the straps about an inch or my arm tingles reaching for the handlebars on my Marauder .	handlebars	neutral
For what it is , it 's a good system , but will likely appeal to those who want a two speaker desktop system with limited bass and an industrial style .	system	neutral
For what it is , it 's a good system , but will likely appeal to those who want a two speaker desktop system with limited bass and an industrial style .	bass	neutral
It worked well with my notebook and allowed me an extra 3 ports than I would have had .	ports	neutral
The USB 3 makes the drive just work	USB 3	neutral
The USB 3 makes the drive just work	drive	neutral
I have a wireless 4 G card which worked perfectly and this laptop worked perfectly on wired network	wireless 4 G card	neutral
I have a wireless 4 G card which worked perfectly and this laptop worked perfectly on wired network	wired network	neutral
I sure wo n't pay for it at regular prices .	prices	neutral
These speakers sound very good : well balanced from bass to treble , including very clear and warm mid - tones .	speakers	neutral
These speakers sound very good : well balanced from bass to treble , including very clear and warm mid - tones .	bass	neutral
Bass is enough , and overall sound is cool i can get all details .	Bass	neutral
Bass is enough , and overall sound is cool i can get all details .	sound	neutral
: I wish it came with a rain cover and , I wish the telescope handle locked in the extended position .	rain cover	neutral
: I wish it came with a rain cover and , I wish the telescope handle locked in the extended position .	telescope handle	neutral
I just wish the design was n't so quirky .	design	neutral
However , for this price it is acceptable .	price	neutral
It took a little bit to install the software on Windows 7 , but nonetheless it worked .	software	neutral
It took a little bit to install the software on Windows 7 , but nonetheless it worked .	Windows 7	neutral
There IS however , a windows 7 ' repair ' disc online from MS that you can download and make a disc with .	windows 7 ' repair ' disc	neutral
The processor is an Athlon XP 1700 + and I was very concerned that it would n't be able to handle the picture at all .	processor	neutral
The processor is an Athlon XP 1700 + and I was very concerned that it would n't be able to handle the picture at all .	picture	neutral
The display is wonderful , very sharp .	display	neutral
Rather than go to a big box store and try to find a cap that fit , I found these caps online that arrived quickly .	cap	neutral
Rather than go to a big box store and try to find a cap that fit , I found these caps online that arrived quickly .	caps	neutral
Given my heavy use , I typically get about 4 . 5 to 5 hours battery life , which is more than enough for work , play or travel between charges ( let 's face it , you are not going to use a PC nonstop even on a long - haul flight ) .	battery life	neutral
It runs smoother and has more features .	runs	neutral
It runs smoother and has more features .	features	neutral
We used this on trip to Africa , where many lodgings had only one outlet .	outlet	neutral
I 've had this item for a while now ( less than a year ) and it 's had some issues , mostly with the rubber pads that should keep the laptop from sliding off .	rubber pads	neutral
On the positive side : the bag is light and does seem to provide enough padding and protection .	protection	neutral
I had to get a new battery since the original died .	battery	neutral
No Delete key ( which may or may not bother you).As a technical writer , I 'm used to my keyboard layout .	Delete key	neutral
No Delete key ( which may or may not bother you).As a technical writer , I 'm used to my keyboard layout .	technical	neutral
No Delete key ( which may or may not bother you).As a technical writer , I 'm used to my keyboard layout .	keyboard layout	neutral
Good quality picture .	picture	neutral
The rear pocket is well organized with locations for individual laptop cords .	rear pocket	neutral
Inside the front compartment itself , there is an additional zippered pocket at the top half of the compartment .	zippered pocket	neutral
I have no idea why a previous reviewer refers to the cable as " dangerous garbage . "	cable	neutral
But how long is the life of the battery .	life	neutral
But how long is the life of the battery .	battery	neutral
It seems to have sped up my Canon MX860 printer ( using a IOGEAR BT2 .	IOGEAR	neutral
The picture is n't quite as stunning as their 120Hz 1080P models , but still very , very good and at a much lower price .	picture	neutral
The picture is n't quite as stunning as their 120Hz 1080P models , but still very , very good and at a much lower price .	price	neutral
works great	works	neutral
and I wish it was like Vista .	Vista	neutral
I 'll never go back to Windows .	Windows	neutral
But it does n't matter cause you can turn the speed down on it .	speed	neutral
It 's not the best sounding speaker	speaker	neutral
Super simple to install no drivers needed on windows 7 just plug it in and it loads everything on its own .	drivers	neutral
Super simple to install no drivers needed on windows 7 just plug it in and it loads everything on its own .	windows 7	neutral
Battery came in very good condtion ( NEW ) , package very well , and came very quickly .	Battery	neutral
I must end by commending AnkerDirect for the great after sales service received .	after sales service	neutral
For those who may have issues with pop - ups , just go into Control Panel and to UnInstall Programs , or restor to factory settings , make sure you back - up personal documents , and softwear .	pop - ups	neutral
For those who may have issues with pop - ups , just go into Control Panel and to UnInstall Programs , or restor to factory settings , make sure you back - up personal documents , and softwear .	Control Panel	neutral
For those who may have issues with pop - ups , just go into Control Panel and to UnInstall Programs , or restor to factory settings , make sure you back - up personal documents , and softwear .	Programs	neutral
I would have preferred a way to keep the cord from getting near the fans .	cord	neutral
I would have preferred a way to keep the cord from getting near the fans .	fans	neutral
but it really bugged me when i would pick up some other laptops and the screen would be wobbling back and fourth ...	screen	neutral
The fan works pretty good , almost no noise at all .	fan	neutral
Dell offers these batteries for upward of $ 100 and still can not promise more than a 2 year life .	batteries	neutral
Tuning speed variation takes a little getting used to but the idea is well thought out .	Tuning speed	neutral
Works well and has not dropped a connection since I installed it 3 months ago .	Works	neutral
These plug adapters seem perfect .	plug adapters	neutral
The price is high , but get it , it is well worth it , you wo nt be sorry .	price	neutral
If you are not bothered by these things , I would recommend getting this battery .	battery	neutral
This same effect showed up when viewing images or video with a lot of dark colors .	colors	neutral
so I took the plunge and was hugely surprised at the sound this thing pumps out	sound	neutral
Happy with my purchase the tablet looks & works great .	works	neutral
Done .... works fine now .	works	neutral
The speed and power of this computer is amazing .	speed	neutral
The speed and power of this computer is amazing .	power	neutral
The second I plug my factory power supply into my laptop the light on the transformer instantly goes out requiring me to unplug and plug back in the power supply in order to regain power .	power supply	neutral
The second I plug my factory power supply into my laptop the light on the transformer instantly goes out requiring me to unplug and plug back in the power supply in order to regain power .	transformer	neutral
The second I plug my factory power supply into my laptop the light on the transformer instantly goes out requiring me to unplug and plug back in the power supply in order to regain power .	power supply	neutral
Just in case others wonder about other language support ...	language support	neutral
The back of it and the straps are more cushoined then other backpacks I have owned , I could tell the difference right away .	back	neutral
The back of it and the straps are more cushoined then other backpacks I have owned , I could tell the difference right away .	straps	neutral
In this cable , I believe the conversion from hdmi to DVI happens in the end with the DVI plug .	hdmi	neutral
In this cable , I believe the conversion from hdmi to DVI happens in the end with the DVI plug .	DVI	neutral
In this cable , I believe the conversion from hdmi to DVI happens in the end with the DVI plug .	DVI plug	neutral
Due to some of the obvious design compromises , I reluctantly give this product 4 stars .	design	neutral
So fast to the extent that some times just booting up and reading my emails will already have used up 75 % battery!!Minor trouble ; the D - link utility does the exact samething that Windows XP wireless connection manager does .	battery!!Minor	neutral
So fast to the extent that some times just booting up and reading my emails will already have used up 75 % battery!!Minor trouble ; the D - link utility does the exact samething that Windows XP wireless connection manager does .	D - link utility	neutral
So fast to the extent that some times just booting up and reading my emails will already have used up 75 % battery!!Minor trouble ; the D - link utility does the exact samething that Windows XP wireless connection manager does .	Windows XP wireless connection manager	neutral
So I have to have a separate DVD player to read DVD	DVD player	neutral
Perfect size for toting around for an all day photo shoot !	size	neutral
I purchased this unit after months of searching for a way to add extra USB ports which did n't involve using a USB hub and external power supply .	USB ports	neutral
I purchased this unit after months of searching for a way to add extra USB ports which did n't involve using a USB hub and external power supply .	USB hub	neutral
I purchased this unit after months of searching for a way to add extra USB ports which did n't involve using a USB hub and external power supply .	external power supply	neutral
That being said , yesterday when I attempted to use the setup I found that the E5 sound output died .	setup	neutral
That being said , yesterday when I attempted to use the setup I found that the E5 sound output died .	E5 sound output	neutral
It is used for gaming only , so in that respect it 's an okay piece of technology .	gaming	neutral
I really like the trackpad on my mini 9 better than the Acer .	trackpad	neutral
If you 're in the market for a gaming laptop	gaming	neutral
Then after it focused in on a couple of spots ( green squares show this on the lcd screen ) it took the shot .	lcd screen	neutral
Came with 75 % of full charge , booted and ran my laptop just fine , took charging well , ran laptop several hours on a charge and still had plenty of juice left .	charge	neutral
Came with 75 % of full charge , booted and ran my laptop just fine , took charging well , ran laptop several hours on a charge and still had plenty of juice left .	charging	neutral
Came with 75 % of full charge , booted and ran my laptop just fine , took charging well , ran laptop several hours on a charge and still had plenty of juice left .	juice	neutral
Sent it back to Amazon free of charge and my money was quickly refunded for the defective in - line port .	in - line port	neutral
Did not have any problems with the laptop recognizing the charger .	charger	neutral
Oh , and the screen is a 50&#34 ;	screen	neutral
If a DVI - equipped device is used , separate audio cables will also be needed from the device to the " DVI	DVI -	neutral
If a DVI - equipped device is used , separate audio cables will also be needed from the device to the " DVI	audio cables	neutral
If a DVI - equipped device is used , separate audio cables will also be needed from the device to the " DVI	DVI	neutral
The not - so - good : figuring out how the backpack straps work should not be this hard .	backpack straps	neutral
I am using it inside at night at fairly low light conditions , and it works well , just not stunning .	works	neutral
The keys are also slightly bigger than the original key on Macbook Air so a little bit confused .	keys	neutral
It is excellent , very easy to type on , and like other users have commented , it can go on forever before you need to recharge it by hooking it up to a computer via USB .	type	neutral
If you are looking for a solid netbook with plenty of battery life , this is the one .	battery life	neutral
and I was dissatisfied with their customer service .	customer service	neutral
I taught her how to use the web browser and Facebook .	web browser	neutral
that laser light turns off after awhile , will save a lot on batteries .	laser light	neutral
that laser light turns off after awhile , will save a lot on batteries .	batteries	neutral
The only issue is making sure that the front end is elevated on something , or some sort of ' traction ' is on the bottom of the computer , so it does n't slide off .	front end	neutral
Some of the display pictures make it seem extra glossy when it 's not .	display pictures	neutral
Small , rechargable , no hum or noise , does n't make audio tinny , very happy for price .	audio	neutral
Small , rechargable , no hum or noise , does n't make audio tinny , very happy for price .	price	neutral
Its design is really nice .	design	neutral
It 's running at a comfortable 66 C at the moment and never gets over 100 with this cooling pad .	cooling pad	neutral
Works well for dual - booting too .	dual - booting	neutral
This antenna is small but mighty .	antenna	neutral
hard driveIt is worth much more than the $ 649 .	hard driveIt	neutral
Battery Charger Power Supply Cord Plug	Battery Charger Power Supply Cord Plug	neutral
Fairly easy to understand setup and operate .	setup	neutral
Fairly easy to understand setup and operate .	operate	neutral
Since I 'm installing on an ASUS net - book , I dug out the USB CD / DVD drive , hooked it up and inserted the CD that came with the unit .	USB CD / DVD drive	neutral
With the laptop in place and the case closed , it measures 8 in wide , 12 . 75 in in length .	case	neutral
With the laptop in place and the case closed , it measures 8 in wide , 12 . 75 in in length .	length	neutral
I love that feature .	feature	neutral
This bag could n't be better in my opinion , it 's perfectly small but with enough pocket space to hold my wall charger , mouse pad , mouse , and miscellaneous cables .	wall charger	neutral
This bag could n't be better in my opinion , it 's perfectly small but with enough pocket space to hold my wall charger , mouse pad , mouse , and miscellaneous cables .	mouse pad	neutral
This bag could n't be better in my opinion , it 's perfectly small but with enough pocket space to hold my wall charger , mouse pad , mouse , and miscellaneous cables .	mouse	neutral
So , if you really want to do FireWire downloading to your Mac , get an iMac or a MacBook Pro .	FireWire downloading	neutral
Backlit keyboard is very useful .	Backlit keyboard	neutral
The picture quality is really good	picture quality	neutral
I do n't think the auto - on feature really works	auto - on feature	neutral
Also make the side pocket expand more to accommodate the power supply and mouse .	power supply	neutral
Also make the side pocket expand more to accommodate the power supply and mouse .	mouse	neutral
I have also bought the Moshi keyboard cover which I happen to really like too .	Moshi keyboard cover	neutral
This is why this particular battery is listed as ' no disc required ' .	battery	neutral
So when opening and closing the screen , it rubs against it .	screen	neutral
It even weighs less than my everyday bag , which only has 925 cu . in . of storage space .	storage space	neutral
8 for memory , cpu and hard disk , 5 .	memory	neutral
8 for memory , cpu and hard disk , 5 .	cpu	neutral
8 for memory , cpu and hard disk , 5 .	hard disk	neutral
Buy the card if you have a new device that uses SDHC .	card	neutral
Buy the card if you have a new device that uses SDHC .	SDHC	neutral
This drive is fast	drive	neutral
I use my Itouch but the Apple Clarity HD version looks much worse in my opinion .	Apple Clarity HD	neutral
Sorry , I know it sounds more like I 'm reviewing the headset vs the adapter .	headset	neutral
Sorry , I know it sounds more like I 'm reviewing the headset vs the adapter .	adapter	neutral
I love the fact that it has a microphone included in the camera , skype communications ran crisp and clear	microphone	neutral
I love the fact that it has a microphone included in the camera , skype communications ran crisp and clear	skype communications	neutral
On battery it scales back to 1 . 0 GHz and extends the life of the battery .	battery	neutral
On battery it scales back to 1 . 0 GHz and extends the life of the battery .	battery	neutral
She 's going to return her $ 40 cord and order this one .	cord	neutral
Even after these 7 charging cycles , the Astro Pro2 has over 50 % of it 's capacity remaining !	charging cycles	neutral
Even after these 7 charging cycles , the Astro Pro2 has over 50 % of it 's capacity remaining !	capacity	neutral
What is a Digital / Graphics / Pen Tablet ?	Digital /	neutral
What is a Digital / Graphics / Pen Tablet ?	Graphics / Pen	neutral
After reading the positive reviews on this small bluetooth speaker , I thought it would be perfect for kitchen listening , sharing phone calls from grandmom and enhancing the sound when I stream movies on my laptop .	bluetooth speaker	neutral
After reading the positive reviews on this small bluetooth speaker , I thought it would be perfect for kitchen listening , sharing phone calls from grandmom and enhancing the sound when I stream movies on my laptop .	sound	neutral
I want , I need compartments for everything .	compartments	neutral
Unfortunately many apps , like Pandora have no equalizer , but for these tiny of speakers , it really is n't super crucial as these sound 10 times better than the built - in speakers without using an equalizer .	speakers	neutral
Unfortunately many apps , like Pandora have no equalizer , but for these tiny of speakers , it really is n't super crucial as these sound 10 times better than the built - in speakers without using an equalizer .	built - in speakers	neutral
It plays your music whether from a Bluetooth source , a MicroSD Card , or from most devices via AUX jack .	Bluetooth source	neutral
It plays your music whether from a Bluetooth source , a MicroSD Card , or from most devices via AUX jack .	MicroSD Card	neutral
It plays your music whether from a Bluetooth source , a MicroSD Card , or from most devices via AUX jack .	AUX jack	neutral
Web Chatting : Picture is decent , but nothing special .	Web Chatting	neutral
The redesign of this port on the newer Blackberry is much stronger than the previous generation of this smart phone .	port	neutral
The only cons are with Windows 8 -- which are only cons if you live in an area like ours where there 's no luxury of high - speed internet ( SE Ohio ) : You 'll need to uninstall all of the pre - loaded aps so they do n't eat your bandwidth .	Windows 8	neutral
It is very good workmanship with thick , nice looking aluminum housing .	aluminum housing	neutral
The yellow RCA cable is not that good though .	yellow RCA cable	neutral
I could NOT be happier with that speaker !	speaker	neutral
Works well for my 2008 model , why ?	Works	neutral
The mouse itself is pretty sturdy , tracks better than the Apple mouse that came with my computer ( an Imac ) , and it DOES work from over 10 feet away .	mouse	neutral
This Transformer pad is so intuitive and easy to use , especially with the auto updating .	Transformer pad	neutral
This Transformer pad is so intuitive and easy to use , especially with the auto updating .	use	neutral
They will refuse to honor claims and then delay the payment of the claim until your contract expires .	contract	neutral
Battery life is very decent .	Battery life	neutral
The Nvidia GT 620 M is very nice to have and makes work much smoother within applications like Photoshop , however it still does n't have the muscle of my old GTX 260M.	Nvidia GT 620 M	neutral
The Nvidia GT 620 M is very nice to have and makes work much smoother within applications like Photoshop , however it still does n't have the muscle of my old GTX 260M.	applications	neutral
The Nvidia GT 620 M is very nice to have and makes work much smoother within applications like Photoshop , however it still does n't have the muscle of my old GTX 260M.	Photoshop	neutral
The Nvidia GT 620 M is very nice to have and makes work much smoother within applications like Photoshop , however it still does n't have the muscle of my old GTX 260M.	GTX 260M.	neutral
The zippered pouches on the outside are nice , but could also use some more room .	zippered pouches	neutral
I wish I could choose the color of the backlighting , and the lighting across the keys is n't terribly consistent .	color	neutral
I wish I could choose the color of the backlighting , and the lighting across the keys is n't terribly consistent .	lighting	neutral
I wish I could choose the color of the backlighting , and the lighting across the keys is n't terribly consistent .	keys	neutral
I am very pleased with the simple brand	brand	neutral
On my other computer I am using a 3 year old power cord with no problems .	power cord	neutral
On a full charge , it reports about 7 . 5 - 8 hrs .	charge	neutral
But due to the large " Caps Lock " key , every thing seems to be shifted a little bit to the right , then your normal keyboard .	Caps Lock " key	neutral
But due to the large " Caps Lock " key , every thing seems to be shifted a little bit to the right , then your normal keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Masking tape is just the trick .	Masking tape	neutral
For instance , let 's talk about the sound .	sound	neutral
As a bonus , the receiver slides into the mouse	receiver	neutral
As a bonus , the receiver slides into the mouse	mouse	neutral
I 'm serious when I say this is my favorite feature.-	feature.-	neutral
Recently , I received a new laptop that did not have the DVI connection on my docking station .	DVI connection	neutral
Recently , I received a new laptop that did not have the DVI connection on my docking station .	docking station	neutral
Tech support is aware of the random occurrence of the issue and says they are working on it .	Tech support	neutral
The only flaw I discovered occurred when I opened the back of the mouse while the transmitter was still plugged into my laptop 's USB port , which turned off the mouse power ; my laptop displayed a message that it needed to be rebooted , and the screen was completely frozen , disabling the normal restart / shut down menus .	mouse	neutral
The only flaw I discovered occurred when I opened the back of the mouse while the transmitter was still plugged into my laptop 's USB port , which turned off the mouse power ; my laptop displayed a message that it needed to be rebooted , and the screen was completely frozen , disabling the normal restart / shut down menus .	transmitter	neutral
The only flaw I discovered occurred when I opened the back of the mouse while the transmitter was still plugged into my laptop 's USB port , which turned off the mouse power ; my laptop displayed a message that it needed to be rebooted , and the screen was completely frozen , disabling the normal restart / shut down menus .	USB port	neutral
The only flaw I discovered occurred when I opened the back of the mouse while the transmitter was still plugged into my laptop 's USB port , which turned off the mouse power ; my laptop displayed a message that it needed to be rebooted , and the screen was completely frozen , disabling the normal restart / shut down menus .	mouse power	neutral
The only flaw I discovered occurred when I opened the back of the mouse while the transmitter was still plugged into my laptop 's USB port , which turned off the mouse power ; my laptop displayed a message that it needed to be rebooted , and the screen was completely frozen , disabling the normal restart / shut down menus .	screen	neutral
The only flaw I discovered occurred when I opened the back of the mouse while the transmitter was still plugged into my laptop 's USB port , which turned off the mouse power ; my laptop displayed a message that it needed to be rebooted , and the screen was completely frozen , disabling the normal restart / shut down menus .	restart	neutral
The only flaw I discovered occurred when I opened the back of the mouse while the transmitter was still plugged into my laptop 's USB port , which turned off the mouse power ; my laptop displayed a message that it needed to be rebooted , and the screen was completely frozen , disabling the normal restart / shut down menus .	shut down menus	neutral
There is the standard beverage compartment .	beverage compartment	neutral
This tiny mouse comes with no instructions .	instructions	neutral
The other two cameras would not work with my AT&T ; e - mail , which like gmail requires SSL to connect and send mail .	SSL	neutral
I can get a much cheaper alternative to replace the $ 117 battery the Apple store wants --	battery	neutral
It is a beautiful , well built unit and would compliment any decor .	built	neutral
Many of the generic and aftermarket batteries had many negative reviews and/or the vendors seemed sketchy .	batteries	neutral
I found the bag very comfortable ..	bag	neutral
This was fixed , though , when I got tired of changing file settings individually and just copied everything to my desktop	file settings	neutral
The wires for the fans underneath are exposed and can pull out easy .	wires	neutral
The wires for the fans underneath are exposed and can pull out easy .	fans	neutral
I love the separate pocket on top strictly for the camera for quick access .	pocket	neutral
I love the separate pocket on top strictly for the camera for quick access .	camera	neutral
Chromebook optimized page , similar to how MSN is completely different in Windows 8 from any other Windows version , even on a PC in desktop mode .	MSN	neutral
Chromebook optimized page , similar to how MSN is completely different in Windows 8 from any other Windows version , even on a PC in desktop mode .	Windows 8	neutral
Chromebook optimized page , similar to how MSN is completely different in Windows 8 from any other Windows version , even on a PC in desktop mode .	Windows version	neutral
It fits my Macbook air like a glove , offering great protection in a very classy sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
The new Ipad3 is rumored to be out in early March and I am going to wait to see what the offerings are and either buy the Ipad2 if the prices are dropped or	prices	neutral
There are no crooked seams or so much as a loose thread .	seams	neutral
you want like pedals , amps , etc .	pedals	neutral
you want like pedals , amps , etc .	amps	neutral
I also use it for my media center computer .	media center	neutral
Also the menu system is probably one of the worst I 've ever used .	menu system	neutral
She uses the laptop like a typical teenager and she has n't complained about it not holding a charge in the about 3 months she has had it .	charge	neutral
And you get three large pockets , good for really loading up , as well as a selection of smaller pockets .	pockets	neutral
And you get three large pockets , good for really loading up , as well as a selection of smaller pockets .	pockets	neutral
It has a 3 - 5 hour battery life ( dependent upon type of use ) and with its 17 " screen is rather large to haul around .	battery life	neutral
It has a 3 - 5 hour battery life ( dependent upon type of use ) and with its 17 " screen is rather large to haul around .	17 " screen	neutral
Full HD videos are great but they are best played using the camcorder and mini HDMI cable .	camcorder	neutral
Full HD videos are great but they are best played using the camcorder and mini HDMI cable .	mini HDMI cable	neutral
Yes , the price of a Mac is higher , but if you combine the better stability along with the better support from Apple , its money well spent .	price	neutral
Yes , the price of a Mac is higher , but if you combine the better stability along with the better support from Apple , its money well spent .	stability	neutral
Yes , the price of a Mac is higher , but if you combine the better stability along with the better support from Apple , its money well spent .	support	neutral
The unit itself is compact , square , shiny and nice looking - the black color works in well with our Mac 's black areas bordering the monitor and the Apple logo on front which is also black , so it all looks very nice together .	color	neutral
The unit itself is compact , square , shiny and nice looking - the black color works in well with our Mac 's black areas bordering the monitor and the Apple logo on front which is also black , so it all looks very nice together .	monitor	neutral
The keyboard feels great , but I realize everyone 's tastes differ on keyboards .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard feels great , but I realize everyone 's tastes differ on keyboards .	keyboards	neutral
I returned all those , and my mini , cuz the word app iPages is terrible IMO .	word app iPages	neutral
Cons:- Stops charging once phone is fully charged and does not top off , thus if you charge overnight the phone will be draining the rest of the night after it initially charges .	charging	neutral
Cons:- Stops charging once phone is fully charged and does not top off , thus if you charge overnight the phone will be draining the rest of the night after it initially charges .	charges	neutral
Great sound from this small device .	sound	neutral
I decided to stick with 1333MHz since this laptop ( and most others ) apparently ca n't go any faster , thus no reason to spend more on 1600MHz .	1333MHz	neutral
Negative : No driver for Windows 8 Pro that is reliable or functional in all cases .	driver for Windows 8 Pro	neutral
I 'm working solely in the Win7 desktop mode .	Win7 desktop mode	neutral
Even though I think this was the first modem available that offered 4 G reception years ago , it is proving to be quite reliable so far .	4 G reception	neutral
All in all they are worth the $ 63 i spent , but i think if i could make my decision again i would try looking for something with a little more bass , even with having a great system already in my room something just seems wrong about a subwoofer speaker being only 3 " with 15 watts of total power .	bass	neutral
All in all they are worth the $ 63 i spent , but i think if i could make my decision again i would try looking for something with a little more bass , even with having a great system already in my room something just seems wrong about a subwoofer speaker being only 3 " with 15 watts of total power .	system	neutral
All in all they are worth the $ 63 i spent , but i think if i could make my decision again i would try looking for something with a little more bass , even with having a great system already in my room something just seems wrong about a subwoofer speaker being only 3 " with 15 watts of total power .	subwoofer speaker	neutral
Buttons are pretty close and not fat finger friendly .	Buttons	neutral
Lenovo / IBM have been making ejectable devices to plug into the docking stations for more than a decade .	docking stations	neutral
Pros * Excellent audio quality , hard to tell the difference between bluetooth and a direct connection .	audio quality	neutral
Pros * Excellent audio quality , hard to tell the difference between bluetooth and a direct connection .	bluetooth	neutral
Release the button and the fan is locked into the desired position .	button	neutral
Release the button and the fan is locked into the desired position .	fan	neutral
All in all , it was noticeably much , much faster than a USB 2 . 0 transfer .	USB 2 . 0 transfer	neutral
At some point in the future , I may upgrade , but my only reason for replacing them will be when even larger monitors with more pixels are available at comparable prices .	monitors	neutral
At some point in the future , I may upgrade , but my only reason for replacing them will be when even larger monitors with more pixels are available at comparable prices .	pixels	neutral
At some point in the future , I may upgrade , but my only reason for replacing them will be when even larger monitors with more pixels are available at comparable prices .	prices	neutral
I needed to replace battery so went with extended life and it is living up to my hope and expectation .	battery	neutral
I needed to replace battery so went with extended life and it is living up to my hope and expectation .	extended life	neutral
When memory card appears , it will be available for use.&#9654 ; TestingI performed three tests with this device : a transfer speed test ( SD slot ) , a fit test , and multiple card test .	memory card	neutral
When memory card appears , it will be available for use.&#9654 ; TestingI performed three tests with this device : a transfer speed test ( SD slot ) , a fit test , and multiple card test .	transfer speed	neutral
When memory card appears , it will be available for use.&#9654 ; TestingI performed three tests with this device : a transfer speed test ( SD slot ) , a fit test , and multiple card test .	SD slot	neutral
When memory card appears , it will be available for use.&#9654 ; TestingI performed three tests with this device : a transfer speed test ( SD slot ) , a fit test , and multiple card test .	multiple card	neutral
hireally i like this zalman notebook cooler ... its performance is really good ... i am able to keep my notebook heat to minimal using the zalman note book cooler .... with respect to performance wise ...	performance	neutral
hireally i like this zalman notebook cooler ... its performance is really good ... i am able to keep my notebook heat to minimal using the zalman note book cooler .... with respect to performance wise ...	performance	neutral
My one complaint is that the calendar is buried in the email program - this means no direct access and no sync with iCal .	iCal	neutral
It is very impressive and the sound quality is excellent .	sound quality	neutral
In the 4 months it worked the drive made booting and certain common tasks very quick .	drive	neutral
In the 4 months it worked the drive made booting and certain common tasks very quick .	booting	neutral
This device works very well .	works	neutral
The laser is red and when I turn the switch on the bottom , it glows red by the roller too !	laser	neutral
The laser is red and when I turn the switch on the bottom , it glows red by the roller too !	switch	neutral
POI database quality is not as thorough as Garmin or Magellan , but way better then Navigon ( although Navigon may have over 9 mil of POI with latest map update).930 T is about a year on the market , so tomtom managed to polish it up pretty well by now .	POI database quality	neutral
Once it 's engaged , it works great .	works	neutral
I just charge my tablet overnight so no one messes with the cord .	cord	neutral
USB2 ported enclosures will work but they 're much slower .	USB2 ported enclosures	neutral
Bluetooth is finicky , be patient and read the instructions .	Bluetooth	neutral
* Comes with VGA , DVI , and audio cables	VGA	neutral
* Comes with VGA , DVI , and audio cables	DVI	neutral
* Comes with VGA , DVI , and audio cables	audio cables	neutral
I personally searched far and wide to find a bag that could fit my iPad encased in Otter as well as hold my external hard drive and keyboard .	external hard drive	neutral
I personally searched far and wide to find a bag that could fit my iPad encased in Otter as well as hold my external hard drive and keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Also , the quality of Android games is definitely on the rise , but is still no where near PS3 , Xbox 360 or PC gaming .	Android games	neutral
It works without any hassles from my mac book air to HDMI input on the projector .	HDMI input	neutral
A very good laptop with descent speed and very good looks .	speed	neutral
A very good laptop with descent speed and very good looks .	looks	neutral
There is a single LED showing the charger status on the left , but no HDD or power LEDS anywhere .	charger status	neutral
There is a single LED showing the charger status on the left , but no HDD or power LEDS anywhere .	HDD	neutral
There is a single LED showing the charger status on the left , but no HDD or power LEDS anywhere .	power LEDS	neutral
For sound transfer to headset , I connect it to Sony Ericsson MW600 .	sound transfer	neutral
The mid and high range speaker on the WOWee One is surprisingly tinny , much like you 'd expect from a child 's boom box .	mid	neutral
My laptop would get so hot it would turn off and with this cooling pad that no longer happens .	cooling pad	neutral
They have their place and applications , but if you 're shopping for a quality video camera that delivers stunning footage , then HD resolution alone is n't enough .	applications	neutral
They have their place and applications , but if you 're shopping for a quality video camera that delivers stunning footage , then HD resolution alone is n't enough .	video camera	neutral
They have their place and applications , but if you 're shopping for a quality video camera that delivers stunning footage , then HD resolution alone is n't enough .	HD resolution	neutral
My son in Hawaii can see us clearly on his HD TV and the video is smooth when our internet connection is up to speed .	internet connection	neutral
My son in Hawaii can see us clearly on his HD TV and the video is smooth when our internet connection is up to speed .	speed	neutral
It 's got a very soft , protecting lining in the interior so it wo n't scratch your computer .	lining	neutral
Windows Vista are working very stable with good performance .	Windows Vista	neutral
Windows Vista are working very stable with good performance .	performance	neutral
Setup is virtually nonexistent ; just plug it in and you 're pretty much good to go .	Setup	neutral
The antenna is only big enough to capture very local ( over the air ) stations but you can set the tuner to cable and when you hookup local analog cable you get all those stations .	antenna	neutral
The antenna is only big enough to capture very local ( over the air ) stations but you can set the tuner to cable and when you hookup local analog cable you get all those stations .	tuner	neutral
My inspiron takes the X284 G series of batteries , so this fit like a charm .	batteries	neutral
The HP software is not really making the netbook slow , Norton security is very nice I must add , every time the machine did a google search , it tells me if the link is safe .	HP software	neutral
The HP software is not really making the netbook slow , Norton security is very nice I must add , every time the machine did a google search , it tells me if the link is safe .	Norton security	neutral
The transfer speed is good .	transfer speed	neutral
This is a nice and protective case for a tablet .	case	neutral
This solution is great since you can connect it to a MP3 player or just use the Micro SD card option .	Micro SD card	neutral
SD CARDAn inserted SD card sticks out more than 1/2 way !	SD CARDAn	neutral
SD CARDAn inserted SD card sticks out more than 1/2 way !	inserted SD card	neutral
When the price is right , SanDisk 's memory sticks are my first preference .	price	neutral
When the price is right , SanDisk 's memory sticks are my first preference .	memory sticks	neutral
Try to find a model with Win-7 and thank me later .	Win-7	neutral
I 've used other wireless pay - as - you - go connections at airports and resorts with more bandwidth and for a lot less money .	bandwidth	neutral
but when he saw the price he said absolutely get them	price	neutral
So are the clips / rings for the shoulder strap , but not cheap in quality .	shoulder strap	neutral
And it sounds great .	sounds	neutral
KEYBOARD : blows .	KEYBOARD	neutral
But when using D - cell batteries , they slides do not easily move out that far .	D - cell batteries	neutral
For a while I could n't decide between this laptop and the Toshiba at staples ( it has i7 quad core ) , but what ultimately led me to picking this laptop can be described below .	i7 quad core	neutral
degrees are in F the USA standard temp thermal units measurements .	temp thermal units	neutral
The translation tool , i 'll probably definitely get .	translation	neutral
The speaker quality is good , but does n't really stand out .	speaker quality	neutral
This was the perfect answer when my wife needed a longer cable for her Galaxy Tab 7 . 7 .	cable	neutral
It got a bit warm once ( with Crysis played maxed out ) but I just turned up the fan for a minute or so ( to test how well it cooled ) and the machine immediately cooled ( again , it was not blistering hot , I just wanted to see if the extra cooling worked ) .	Crysis	neutral
It got a bit warm once ( with Crysis played maxed out ) but I just turned up the fan for a minute or so ( to test how well it cooled ) and the machine immediately cooled ( again , it was not blistering hot , I just wanted to see if the extra cooling worked ) .	fan	neutral
It got a bit warm once ( with Crysis played maxed out ) but I just turned up the fan for a minute or so ( to test how well it cooled ) and the machine immediately cooled ( again , it was not blistering hot , I just wanted to see if the extra cooling worked ) .	cooling	neutral
Since I keep my laptop in a neoprene sleeve , I cut out the padded compartment , which took up ~ 1/2 of the compartment volume .	padded compartment	neutral
The game play is smooth with midium resolution .	game play	neutral
The game play is smooth with midium resolution .	midium resolution	neutral
I probably missed something in who to call , but I started off with HP customer support , and had to talk to three people before someone realized that they do n't service this device	HP customer support	neutral
The performance , installation and design of the keyboard otherwise is flawless .	performance	neutral
The performance , installation and design of the keyboard otherwise is flawless .	design	neutral
The performance , installation and design of the keyboard otherwise is flawless .	keyboard	neutral
It is so loud , that it drowns out music when the volume is set to 50 % .	volume	neutral
unless you 're a boombox junkie or a high fidelity concert fundi these desktop pc speakers will give you countless hours of crisp & clean listening pleasure	listening	neutral
plus the speed , ram and other features make it outstanding and with the price in my range , made it a no - brainer ...	speed	neutral
plus the speed , ram and other features make it outstanding and with the price in my range , made it a no - brainer ...	ram	neutral
plus the speed , ram and other features make it outstanding and with the price in my range , made it a no - brainer ...	features	neutral
plus the speed , ram and other features make it outstanding and with the price in my range , made it a no - brainer ...	price	neutral
Display is matte but not very bright and not very contrasty , so the the matte quality goes to waste in bright sun anyway .	Display	neutral
Display is matte but not very bright and not very contrasty , so the the matte quality goes to waste in bright sun anyway .	matte quality	neutral
The backpack is nt cumbersome but for everyday use you may want something smaller to carry just the camera body a flash and a few lenses .	camera body	neutral
Battery life is pretty decent .	Battery life	neutral
I can not make any comment on the durability of this product , since I the product just arrived today .	durability	neutral
Once that happens they load as fast as or faster than the San Disk .	San Disk	neutral
I have not used these adapters but their quality is not the best , for example , its coating is of different sizes for the same adapter , I hope they perform well when I will use them .	quality	neutral
I have not used these adapters but their quality is not the best , for example , its coating is of different sizes for the same adapter , I hope they perform well when I will use them .	coating	neutral
I have not used these adapters but their quality is not the best , for example , its coating is of different sizes for the same adapter , I hope they perform well when I will use them .	adapter	neutral
the good thing is ... air bubbles are hard to see after you turn on the display , but once the display is off ..	display	neutral
the good thing is ... air bubbles are hard to see after you turn on the display , but once the display is off ..	display	neutral
Update May 13 , 2014This was not a simple " plug and play " , thanks to Ha S. Kim who advised me to use " Disk Management " , I did , and assigned the mounted	Disk Management	neutral
The sticky is the same type of repositionable glue that 's on thePost - it	sticky	neutral
Connections are tight and the cable used seems of high quality .	Connections	neutral
Connections are tight and the cable used seems of high quality .	cable	neutral
With the OEM power supply , plugging in would accelerate the processor and help keep wireless streaming ( Netflix , Hulu , etc ) happy .	OEM power supply	neutral
With the OEM power supply , plugging in would accelerate the processor and help keep wireless streaming ( Netflix , Hulu , etc ) happy .	processor	neutral
With the OEM power supply , plugging in would accelerate the processor and help keep wireless streaming ( Netflix , Hulu , etc ) happy .	wireless streaming	neutral
Overall , you really ca n't go wrong for the price .	price	neutral
BUT the Cyberlink Power DVD10 sofware is outdated	Cyberlink Power DVD10 sofware	neutral
Very reasonable price for such good quality !	price	neutral
Very reasonable price for such good quality !	quality	neutral
- Medialink Wireless N USB	Medialink Wireless N USB	neutral
The on - off switch is a nice feature as well .	on - off switch	neutral
The on - off switch is a nice feature as well .	feature	neutral
But since I intended to completely re - install the OS to get rid of the bloatware it did n't matter.--Obviously you 'll need a copy of the OS media / DVD ( and external drive!)/boot USB key to do a complete re - install as it does not come with the machine .	OS	neutral
But since I intended to completely re - install the OS to get rid of the bloatware it did n't matter.--Obviously you 'll need a copy of the OS media / DVD ( and external drive!)/boot USB key to do a complete re - install as it does not come with the machine .	bloatware	neutral
But since I intended to completely re - install the OS to get rid of the bloatware it did n't matter.--Obviously you 'll need a copy of the OS media / DVD ( and external drive!)/boot USB key to do a complete re - install as it does not come with the machine .	OS media / DVD	neutral
But since I intended to completely re - install the OS to get rid of the bloatware it did n't matter.--Obviously you 'll need a copy of the OS media / DVD ( and external drive!)/boot USB key to do a complete re - install as it does not come with the machine .	external drive!)/boot USB key	neutral
It is cheap in price but made well .	price	neutral
( Hint : make sure the new sticks are fully seated in the DIMM carrier , otherwise you 'll get the Beeps of Despair . )	DIMM carrier	neutral
May anf this cord died ...	cord	neutral
When you tighten the screw more ( not a lot ) , the plastic breaks and it will never again stay where you want it .	screw	neutral
When you tighten the screw more ( not a lot ) , the plastic breaks and it will never again stay where you want it .	plastic	neutral
so I could manually set up the router it would n't do that again .	router	neutral
If the code is needed use 0000 ( four zeros).&#10004 ; If you have tried this mouse on multiple devices , turn off bluetooth on all devices other than the one you are currently trying to configure so the mouse bluetooth will not try to connect to the previous device instead&#10004	mouse	neutral
If the code is needed use 0000 ( four zeros).&#10004 ; If you have tried this mouse on multiple devices , turn off bluetooth on all devices other than the one you are currently trying to configure so the mouse bluetooth will not try to connect to the previous device instead&#10004	bluetooth	neutral
If the code is needed use 0000 ( four zeros).&#10004 ; If you have tried this mouse on multiple devices , turn off bluetooth on all devices other than the one you are currently trying to configure so the mouse bluetooth will not try to connect to the previous device instead&#10004	mouse bluetooth	neutral
I either had a really low batter on my Logitech Harmony remote or the IR blaster fell off of the device being controlled .	batter	neutral
I either had a really low batter on my Logitech Harmony remote or the IR blaster fell off of the device being controlled .	IR blaster	neutral
Software bundle it comes with is basically useless .	Software bundle	neutral
This adapter fits my needs perfectly .	adapter	neutral
The exterior leather feels nice and looks good .	exterior leather	neutral
Thus causing me to come here and find this charger .	charger	neutral
I 'll have to check this when my new battery gets here for my Dell XPS M1530 .	battery	neutral
I thought getting a thin , lightweight laptop meant I had to settle for a slower one with less capability .	capability	neutral
Turned by 100 GB SATA hardrive otherwise useless into a USB hardrive storage .	SATA hardrive	neutral
Turned by 100 GB SATA hardrive otherwise useless into a USB hardrive storage .	USB hardrive storage	neutral
This thing rocks , you can use it in many ways , you can use your mobile phone 3 g to create a wide range wi - fi hotspot on the go , perfect for Recreational vehicles or places where you ca n't get cable of even a phone land line , also to repeat any wifi signal , between us , if you want hack a wifi signal , like neighbors or hotels nearby and use it , this is the perfect gadget	wi - fi	neutral
But again , I have no guarantee that the battery will hold a charge once it 's unplugged from the outlet , or for how long , so I ca n't depend on it even if I charge it in advance .	battery	neutral
But again , I have no guarantee that the battery will hold a charge once it 's unplugged from the outlet , or for how long , so I ca n't depend on it even if I charge it in advance .	charge	neutral
My Bose SoundDock could n't use batteries , and neither could this , as it requires more power of an electrical outlet to do what it does .	batteries	neutral
My Bose SoundDock could n't use batteries , and neither could this , as it requires more power of an electrical outlet to do what it does .	electrical outlet	neutral
works great and backlight is great at night .	works	neutral
works great and backlight is great at night .	backlight	neutral
Rather than duplicate peripherals , I got this device and the two computers to one set of peripherals .	peripherals	neutral
Rather than duplicate peripherals , I got this device and the two computers to one set of peripherals .	peripherals	neutral
As for battery , it is quite solid .	battery	neutral
This works well .	works	neutral
A screen resolution of at least 1920x10802 )	screen resolution	neutral
THE DOCK LOOKS	DOCK	neutral
Suremost walkie talkie are better than these ... but for what they are ... there worth it .	walkie talkie	neutral
" Disable All Sound Effects " and " Immediate Mode " are both UNchecked .	Disable	neutral
" Disable All Sound Effects " and " Immediate Mode " are both UNchecked .	Sound Effects	neutral
" Disable All Sound Effects " and " Immediate Mode " are both UNchecked .	Immediate Mode	neutral
Though I am still getting used to Windows 8 , I use this computer for everything .	Windows 8	neutral
This is a sweet deal and the ram functions perfectly .	ram	neutral
Screen is really bright and clear ;	Screen	neutral
I do n't use a dock , but the power cord plugs in to the bottom easily with this cover on .	dock	neutral
I do n't use a dock , but the power cord plugs in to the bottom easily with this cover on .	power cord	neutral
Pretty easy setup .	setup	neutral
Its not that I feel cheated by 3 inches , just that the cable is short and pulls everytime	cable	neutral
I have the full HD screen and a blu ray writer .	blu ray writer	neutral
Although AppleCare may not have paid for itself by just those , it feels good not to have to worry about failure of the motherboard or display .	AppleCare	neutral
Although AppleCare may not have paid for itself by just those , it feels good not to have to worry about failure of the motherboard or display .	motherboard	neutral
Although AppleCare may not have paid for itself by just those , it feels good not to have to worry about failure of the motherboard or display .	display	neutral
It connects easily and quickly .	connects	neutral
While editing videos in Sony Vegas 11 Platinum , I found that the AMD graphics card likes to crash then it would say " AMD Driver crashed unexpectedly but recovered successfully .	AMD graphics card	neutral
While editing videos in Sony Vegas 11 Platinum , I found that the AMD graphics card likes to crash then it would say " AMD Driver crashed unexpectedly but recovered successfully .	AMD Driver	neutral
There is quite a bit of discussion about the software that came with it not allowing you to transfer media , but because I am not using that software and only using it in my internal network .	software	neutral
There is quite a bit of discussion about the software that came with it not allowing you to transfer media , but because I am not using that software and only using it in my internal network .	software	neutral
Very light , starts up lightning fast , keyboard pretty nice and screen average to good .	starts up	neutral
Very light , starts up lightning fast , keyboard pretty nice and screen average to good .	keyboard	neutral
Very light , starts up lightning fast , keyboard pretty nice and screen average to good .	screen	neutral
I 'll start my cordless operation with a full charge .	cordless operation	neutral
I 'll start my cordless operation with a full charge .	charge	neutral
If I do I 'd probably go for the " Folox TM Keyboard Protector Cover for Acer "	Keyboard Protector Cover	neutral
( BATTERY ONLY CHARGES	BATTERY	neutral
and it does nt overheat like it did with out the fans underneath it	fans	neutral
4/5 because it 's hard to ' love ' a cable .	cable	neutral
I connected it to the usb on my laptop and was blown away .	usb	neutral
The keyboard is easy to type on .	keyboard	neutral
only 2 high graphic games and maybe 8 smaller games .	games	neutral
only 2 high graphic games and maybe 8 smaller games .	games	neutral
So if you have hot keys set up for players , it will work great without even messing with the software .	keys	neutral
So if you have hot keys set up for players , it will work great without even messing with the software .	software	neutral
They certainly beat the built - in speaker in my LED monitor !	built - in speaker	neutral
They certainly beat the built - in speaker in my LED monitor !	LED monitor	neutral
6-inch laptop with charger , cord and spare battery ; a small 500 GB USB backup drive ; a Kindle Fire and a Kindle 2 ; a BlackBerry plus its charger ; a compact digital camera with a spare battery ; a small notebook ; pens and pencils ; a small umbrella ; a supply of business cards ; two books and a catalog ; misc .	charger	neutral
6-inch laptop with charger , cord and spare battery ; a small 500 GB USB backup drive ; a Kindle Fire and a Kindle 2 ; a BlackBerry plus its charger ; a compact digital camera with a spare battery ; a small notebook ; pens and pencils ; a small umbrella ; a supply of business cards ; two books and a catalog ; misc .	cord	neutral
6-inch laptop with charger , cord and spare battery ; a small 500 GB USB backup drive ; a Kindle Fire and a Kindle 2 ; a BlackBerry plus its charger ; a compact digital camera with a spare battery ; a small notebook ; pens and pencils ; a small umbrella ; a supply of business cards ; two books and a catalog ; misc .	battery	neutral
6-inch laptop with charger , cord and spare battery ; a small 500 GB USB backup drive ; a Kindle Fire and a Kindle 2 ; a BlackBerry plus its charger ; a compact digital camera with a spare battery ; a small notebook ; pens and pencils ; a small umbrella ; a supply of business cards ; two books and a catalog ; misc .	500 GB USB backup drive	neutral
6-inch laptop with charger , cord and spare battery ; a small 500 GB USB backup drive ; a Kindle Fire and a Kindle 2 ; a BlackBerry plus its charger ; a compact digital camera with a spare battery ; a small notebook ; pens and pencils ; a small umbrella ; a supply of business cards ; two books and a catalog ; misc .	charger	neutral
6-inch laptop with charger , cord and spare battery ; a small 500 GB USB backup drive ; a Kindle Fire and a Kindle 2 ; a BlackBerry plus its charger ; a compact digital camera with a spare battery ; a small notebook ; pens and pencils ; a small umbrella ; a supply of business cards ; two books and a catalog ; misc .	battery	neutral
The video and audio cable are attached in such a way that they can be easily stripped apart EXCEPT at the point where they come together near the plugs .	video	neutral
The video and audio cable are attached in such a way that they can be easily stripped apart EXCEPT at the point where they come together near the plugs .	plugs	neutral
I finally attempted a Windows 7 re - install and things seem to be running ok , though with 1 crash since the redo it makes me question it , but I have n't really used it too much as I NEED reliability .	Windows 7 re - install	neutral
Ca n't find a female to female adapter 30 pin to usb .	female to female adapter	neutral
The design is hard plastic on the top , with a curved dip from front to back .	design	neutral
This USB adapter works great and allows me to connect both the keyboard and touch pad of the Adesso rackmount keyboard / touchpad connectors in one USB port .	USB adapter	neutral
This USB adapter works great and allows me to connect both the keyboard and touch pad of the Adesso rackmount keyboard / touchpad connectors in one USB port .	keyboard	neutral
This USB adapter works great and allows me to connect both the keyboard and touch pad of the Adesso rackmount keyboard / touchpad connectors in one USB port .	touch pad	neutral
This USB adapter works great and allows me to connect both the keyboard and touch pad of the Adesso rackmount keyboard / touchpad connectors in one USB port .	rackmount keyboard /	neutral
This USB adapter works great and allows me to connect both the keyboard and touch pad of the Adesso rackmount keyboard / touchpad connectors in one USB port .	touchpad connectors	neutral
This USB adapter works great and allows me to connect both the keyboard and touch pad of the Adesso rackmount keyboard / touchpad connectors in one USB port .	USB port	neutral
Have only had one LaCie problem in 6 years , and that drive was bad from the start , so nothing was lost .	LaCie	neutral
Have only had one LaCie problem in 6 years , and that drive was bad from the start , so nothing was lost .	drive	neutral
Loves having the water bottle holder .	water bottle holder	neutral
And being able to program the buttons is a nice amenity .	program	neutral
And being able to program the buttons is a nice amenity .	buttons	neutral
The case is not worth $ 40 .	case	neutral
Works fine on my old Win7 laptopAnother drawback is that Lenovo does not include or offer any software specific to this machine which can update your drivers and at least tell you if your BIOS is up to date and your machine has the most current Lenovo Drivers .	software	neutral
Works fine on my old Win7 laptopAnother drawback is that Lenovo does not include or offer any software specific to this machine which can update your drivers and at least tell you if your BIOS is up to date and your machine has the most current Lenovo Drivers .	drivers	neutral
Works fine on my old Win7 laptopAnother drawback is that Lenovo does not include or offer any software specific to this machine which can update your drivers and at least tell you if your BIOS is up to date and your machine has the most current Lenovo Drivers .	BIOS	neutral
Works fine on my old Win7 laptopAnother drawback is that Lenovo does not include or offer any software specific to this machine which can update your drivers and at least tell you if your BIOS is up to date and your machine has the most current Lenovo Drivers .	Drivers	neutral
This product comes nicely configured with quality cords to connect to your car 's cigarette outlet and one to attach to your battery to draw its maximum draw of 400 watts .	cords	neutral
This product comes nicely configured with quality cords to connect to your car 's cigarette outlet and one to attach to your battery to draw its maximum draw of 400 watts .	battery	neutral
It carries my MacBook Air , my iPad , my iPhone , a NewTrent external battery for the iPad and iPhone , and all of the wall warts used to power and charge these devices .	external battery	neutral
the plastic material doens't look to be of good quality.- Overall look and style is average.- Laptop is quite light weight ( compared to my earlier compaq v6000 ) which is a plus for me .	plastic material	neutral
the plastic material doens't look to be of good quality.- Overall look and style is average.- Laptop is quite light weight ( compared to my earlier compaq v6000 ) which is a plus for me .	look	neutral
the plastic material doens't look to be of good quality.- Overall look and style is average.- Laptop is quite light weight ( compared to my earlier compaq v6000 ) which is a plus for me .	style	neutral
You have to make sure you have everything you need in one drive ( fat chance ) .	drive	neutral
Purchase for 7&#34 ; inch HP tablet for cover and keyboard combo .	cover	neutral
Purchase for 7&#34 ; inch HP tablet for cover and keyboard combo .	keyboard combo	neutral
This & # 34;Lens Conversion Adapter&#34 ; uses what I assume was the mounts on the lens indented for the lens cover , it allows a 58MM filter to be attached to the SX20 .	mounts	neutral
This & # 34;Lens Conversion Adapter&#34 ; uses what I assume was the mounts on the lens indented for the lens cover , it allows a 58MM filter to be attached to the SX20 .	lens	neutral
This & # 34;Lens Conversion Adapter&#34 ; uses what I assume was the mounts on the lens indented for the lens cover , it allows a 58MM filter to be attached to the SX20 .	lens cover	neutral
This & # 34;Lens Conversion Adapter&#34 ; uses what I assume was the mounts on the lens indented for the lens cover , it allows a 58MM filter to be attached to the SX20 .	58MM filter	neutral
My 14 " HP nnotebook computer fits nicely in the main compartment and the power supply and mouse fit in the stretchy side pocket just fine .	power supply	neutral
My 14 " HP nnotebook computer fits nicely in the main compartment and the power supply and mouse fit in the stretchy side pocket just fine .	mouse	neutral
The edges of these cloths are pinked and the instructions are to hand wash them in cold water only , without detergent .	edges	neutral
That being said this will sound much better than the speakers on your laptop or monitor speakers .	speakers	neutral
It is easy to set up , the sound quality is definitely good enough for travel and boosts the volume more than enough .	set up	neutral
It is easy to set up , the sound quality is definitely good enough for travel and boosts the volume more than enough .	sound quality	neutral
It is easy to set up , the sound quality is definitely good enough for travel and boosts the volume more than enough .	volume	neutral
Other than that one complaint , the device works very well and installed easily .	works	neutral
Other than that one complaint , the device works very well and installed easily .	installed	neutral
First of all ... the price and quality are superb .	price	neutral
First of all ... the price and quality are superb .	quality	neutral
The colors are cool and sure catches co - workers attention .	colors	neutral
The keyboard works well , though I wish the keys were curved a bit on the end ( it makes for more accurate typing ) , but they consistently work and the computer gets bonus points for the number pad .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard works well , though I wish the keys were curved a bit on the end ( it makes for more accurate typing ) , but they consistently work and the computer gets bonus points for the number pad .	keys	neutral
The keyboard works well , though I wish the keys were curved a bit on the end ( it makes for more accurate typing ) , but they consistently work and the computer gets bonus points for the number pad .	number pad	neutral
it does a decent job of getting the picture up	picture	neutral
but it looked terrible though VGA , You ca n't get full HD	VGA	neutral
but it looked terrible though VGA , You ca n't get full HD	full HD	neutral
Extended Capacity Laptop Battery for	Extended Capacity	neutral
this has to be one if not the best little speaker that works as wifi i have every ownedcrisp clear sound at a great price .	sound	neutral
this has to be one if not the best little speaker that works as wifi i have every ownedcrisp clear sound at a great price .	price	neutral
I use this USB cooler for my 15 .	USB cooler	neutral
Broadcom Corp. Device Descriptor : bLength 18bDescriptorType 1bcdUSB	Broadcom Corp. Device Descriptor	neutral
Of course it was out of warranty period	warranty period	neutral
Nice product for a great price .	price	neutral
USB Docking Station===========================================eSATARead	USB Docking Station===========================================eSATARead	neutral
I 've got a T - Mobile G1 phone that charges fine from any notebook or desktop computer 's USB port or from any wall charger with a mini - USB connector .	charges	neutral
I 've got a T - Mobile G1 phone that charges fine from any notebook or desktop computer 's USB port or from any wall charger with a mini - USB connector .	USB port	neutral
I 've got a T - Mobile G1 phone that charges fine from any notebook or desktop computer 's USB port or from any wall charger with a mini - USB connector .	wall charger	neutral
I 've got a T - Mobile G1 phone that charges fine from any notebook or desktop computer 's USB port or from any wall charger with a mini - USB connector .	mini - USB connector	neutral
It has a number of pockets that fit everything you need .	pockets	neutral
The plastic frame that holds the screen did not dettached further , only under the " acer " band but not allot .	plastic frame	neutral
The plastic frame that holds the screen did not dettached further , only under the " acer " band but not allot .	screen	neutral
For these tests I used only the USB Port on the Astro Pro 2 battery that is rated at 5 volts and 2 .	USB Port	neutral
Windows 8 would be a great OS if not for Metro , the only thing that irritates me	Windows 8	neutral
Windows 8 would be a great OS if not for Metro , the only thing that irritates me	OS	neutral
Windows 8 would be a great OS if not for Metro , the only thing that irritates me	Metro	neutral
Performance wise , I was very impressed with this product .	Performance	neutral
Edit 2 : DRIVERS !	DRIVERS	neutral
The adjustable and easily removable black shoulder strap is optional , you might like to use the sleeve by placing it inside another bag with the rest of your stuff , and the strap would be in the way .	black shoulder strap	neutral
The adjustable and easily removable black shoulder strap is optional , you might like to use the sleeve by placing it inside another bag with the rest of your stuff , and the strap would be in the way .	sleeve	neutral
The adjustable and easily removable black shoulder strap is optional , you might like to use the sleeve by placing it inside another bag with the rest of your stuff , and the strap would be in the way .	strap	neutral
The keyboard is a bit smaller than a full - size keyboard but I was quickly able to adjust .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is a bit smaller than a full - size keyboard but I was quickly able to adjust .	keyboard	neutral
Pan Tilt Zoom and the power supply has died ( these WIC-8 AC power adapters do n't last long )	Pan Tilt Zoom	neutral
Pan Tilt Zoom and the power supply has died ( these WIC-8 AC power adapters do n't last long )	power supply	neutral
Pan Tilt Zoom and the power supply has died ( these WIC-8 AC power adapters do n't last long )	AC power adapters	neutral
I put a square on top of the monitor and one on the bottom of the camera , and it sits up there with no danger of being knocked off .	monitor	neutral
I put a square on top of the monitor and one on the bottom of the camera , and it sits up there with no danger of being knocked off .	camera	neutral
I love this cable and it works fine .	cable	neutral
I love this cable and it works fine .	works	neutral
It charges quickly and seems to last a long time .	charges	neutral
I also bought the recommended battery and for the two items approx 35 . 00	battery	neutral
However the second day she had it , he keyboard fell right out of the case ...	keyboard	neutral
The blacks are deliciously deep .	blacks	neutral
I chose this rating because it works excellent and like the original one .	works	neutral
Making macros is a breeze .	macros	neutral
I read some people mentioning that the battery does not charge up to the mAh rating stated by the item description .	battery	neutral
I read some people mentioning that the battery does not charge up to the mAh rating stated by the item description .	charge	neutral
I had already put up a mount and run the coax cable to it .	coax cable	neutral
Overall though , its really good for a laptop , you can watch movies and play games and you do nt have to turn it up	games	neutral
Best external 2 .	external 2	neutral
but then I do n't like ANY touch pad	touch pad	neutral
I carry one for my iPhone , iPad , bluetooth iPad chargers and cables , a portable battery backup power supply and other assorted attachments .	battery	neutral
I carry one for my iPhone , iPad , bluetooth iPad chargers and cables , a portable battery backup power supply and other assorted attachments .	power supply	neutral
This should be sold in a package with the IPAD Mini -After you use it - you wonder why Apple does n't offer it -Easy to use and comfortable keyboard .	use	neutral
This should be sold in a package with the IPAD Mini -After you use it - you wonder why Apple does n't offer it -Easy to use and comfortable keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
The battery life is good .	battery life	neutral
Yes , you can hear the fans slightly but not a big deal at all for me .	fans	neutral
Once you 've done that you 're good to go , but if you do n't the extender will read " limited / no access".I just installed one for my boss to work with his TIVO which was only getting about 58 % -65 % signal strength .	extender	neutral
Once you 've done that you 're good to go , but if you do n't the extender will read " limited / no access".I just installed one for my boss to work with his TIVO which was only getting about 58 % -65 % signal strength .	signal strength	neutral
But for movies with a 1 . 85 aspect ratio , they should fill this screen .	screen	neutral
Shipping was fast .	Shipping	neutral
I was replacing a broken laptop and had lost enough productivity without adding the learning curve to the issue !	productivity	neutral
( you have to unplug the cord or turn the volume down ) .	cord	neutral
Yea it is a small Bluetooth keyboard that works like it says .	Bluetooth keyboard	neutral
Finally got some functionality in Win7 , the upgrade to	functionality	neutral
Finally got some functionality in Win7 , the upgrade to	Win7	neutral
Beautiful case is nice and shiny .	case	neutral
One has had to return the keyboard 3 times .	keyboard	neutral
. 0 ports are extremely helpful , and I am so glad that machines like this come with an HDMI port that transmit audio along with video .	HDMI port	neutral
It has a very small form factor .	form factor	neutral
When I tried to fold the front of the rooCase Cover behind the back the ' leather ' would bulge , resulting in a 3-fold thickness .	rooCase Cover	neutral
When I tried to fold the front of the rooCase Cover behind the back the ' leather ' would bulge , resulting in a 3-fold thickness .	leather	neutral
When I tried to fold the front of the rooCase Cover behind the back the ' leather ' would bulge , resulting in a 3-fold thickness .	thickness	neutral
The LCD screen is crap .	LCD screen	neutral
But I already carry a couple of micro - fiber cloths when I travel .	micro - fiber cloths	neutral
This sleeve is fitting my Toshiba Protege like a glove .	sleeve	neutral
I had to buy one of these adapters to use in conjunction with docking station Plugable UD-3000 .	adapters	neutral
I had to buy one of these adapters to use in conjunction with docking station Plugable UD-3000 .	docking station Plugable UD-3000	neutral
I run a couple of websites and own a book review site , and do a lot of administrative work that has me tiling two applications side by side on my monitor screen , so being able to use a split screen will help me tremendously .	applications	neutral
San Disk 's tech support spent some time trying to help .	San Disk 's	neutral
San Disk 's tech support spent some time trying to help .	tech support	neutral
Works much better on the 14 - 45 mm kit lens than the original OEM lens cap .	14 - 45 mm kit lens	neutral
Works much better on the 14 - 45 mm kit lens than the original OEM lens cap .	lens cap	neutral
Free wireless in the building , but her computer has no wireless hardware .	wireless	neutral
Free wireless in the building , but her computer has no wireless hardware .	wireless hardware	neutral
It does work as expected but I did not find the exterior walls of the case to be very thick to support the unit as you carry or store .	exterior walls	neutral
It does work as expected but I did not find the exterior walls of the case to be very thick to support the unit as you carry or store .	case	neutral
The price is right , and the battery works well .	price	neutral
The price is right , and the battery works well .	battery	neutral
So I bought this from another website because i wanted more costumizationsAnd	costumizationsAnd	neutral
However , I find myself hitting the trackpad constantly , shrinking my Outlook windows or typing in the middle of some paragraph I had already started .	trackpad	neutral
If you have a glitch on the net its not the computer but the browser .	browser	neutral
It fits very snuggly andprovides a non - skid surface .	surface	neutral
The Presenter mouse is a full - fledged bluetooth Powerpoint presenter with a 60-ft range .	Presenter mouse	neutral
The Presenter mouse is a full - fledged bluetooth Powerpoint presenter with a 60-ft range .	Powerpoint presenter	neutral
However , this model is designed so that with or without the fan running , it keeps my laptop from warming up .	fan	neutral
By the way , as with almost all such speaker systems , the specifications ( other than the dimensions ! ) are mostly meaningless .	specifications	neutral
By the way , as with almost all such speaker systems , the specifications ( other than the dimensions ! ) are mostly meaningless .	dimensions	neutral
I thought about playing the return for replacement lottery until I got a working unit , but decided poor initial quality had a high likelihood of translating into poor lifetime quality .	quality	neutral
I thought about playing the return for replacement lottery until I got a working unit , but decided poor initial quality had a high likelihood of translating into poor lifetime quality .	lifetime quality	neutral
The hardware is metal and the buckles are mounted on swivels making the adjustable shoulder strap very functional and fairly comfortable .	hardware	neutral
The hardware is metal and the buckles are mounted on swivels making the adjustable shoulder strap very functional and fairly comfortable .	buckles	neutral
The hardware is metal and the buckles are mounted on swivels making the adjustable shoulder strap very functional and fairly comfortable .	adjustable shoulder strap	neutral
Thread PSU cables through PSU opening and attach to mobo and drives .	PSU cables	neutral
Thread PSU cables through PSU opening and attach to mobo and drives .	PSU	neutral
Thread PSU cables through PSU opening and attach to mobo and drives .	mobo	neutral
I might upgrade these in the future , but I feel for the price , size and form factor these are an excellent buy .	price	neutral
I might upgrade these in the future , but I feel for the price , size and form factor these are an excellent buy .	size	neutral
I might upgrade these in the future , but I feel for the price , size and form factor these are an excellent buy .	form factor	neutral
I saw this battery and figured for $ 25 it might last a few months .	battery	neutral
I would like it more if they add an extra feature of adjustable height to this one .	feature	neutral
I would like it more if they add an extra feature of adjustable height to this one .	height	neutral
Good packaging and with sufficient information .	packaging	neutral
They do decrease the temperature a bit but just barely .	temperature	neutral
No type of lens cleaning solution or microfiber cloth will do nearly as good a job .	lens cleaning solution	neutral
Honestly , for the price you ca n't really beat this .	price	neutral
Now if only the larger antenna was n't the size of	antenna	neutral
Wi - Fi for faster wireless[+ ] 12 hours battery life vs	Wi - Fi	neutral
Wi - Fi for faster wireless[+ ] 12 hours battery life vs	wireless[+	neutral
Wi - Fi for faster wireless[+ ] 12 hours battery life vs	battery life	neutral
I have well over a thousand dollars worth of audio technology in my car	audio technology	neutral
I rest my case , THAT is reality with the 1201N , not 5 hours run time !	run time	neutral
The side pocket is roomy enough for a travel mouse and the charging cord / brick .	side pocket	neutral
The side pocket is roomy enough for a travel mouse and the charging cord / brick .	travel mouse	neutral
The side pocket is roomy enough for a travel mouse and the charging cord / brick .	charging cord / brick	neutral
Went through two of those replaceable head ' power most laptop ' power adapters , They were horrible .	power most	neutral
so i think the speed is irrelevant .	speed	neutral
The outer top finish is almost like a rubber / plastic and not a fingerprint magnet like my HP 's are .	outer top finish	neutral
And you ca n't beat the price .	price	neutral
Works well .	Works	neutral
If they are sitting next to you on a plane , they tend to have a darkened , half - view of your screen .	screen	neutral
Making a phone call was easy , too , once I got used to the placement of the controls .	controls	neutral
The clips closest to the screen are not over the laptop , so I feel like it will eventualy pop off or break easily .	clips	neutral
The clips closest to the screen are not over the laptop , so I feel like it will eventualy pop off or break easily .	screen	neutral
This battery does a great job .	battery	neutral
Yes , I know I 'd get better battery life if I ran it with the decreased screen brightness on the power - save video card .	battery life	neutral
Yes , I know I 'd get better battery life if I ran it with the decreased screen brightness on the power - save video card .	screen brightness	neutral
Yes , I know I 'd get better battery life if I ran it with the decreased screen brightness on the power - save video card .	power - save video card	neutral
The pattern is nice .	pattern	neutral
Needed a replacement and the price was right and works perfectly .	price	neutral
Does n't charge 2 iPhone 's or iPhone and iPod touch at same time using USB ports	charge	neutral
Does n't charge 2 iPhone 's or iPhone and iPod touch at same time using USB ports	USB ports	neutral
Been looking for a dock for a MBAir even before I bought one .	dock	neutral
This mouse is perfect with the retractable cord .	mouse	neutral
This mouse is perfect with the retractable cord .	retractable cord	neutral
It converts a computers VGA output to be compatible with an HDMI video input for your wide screen TV .	VGA output	neutral
It converts a computers VGA output to be compatible with an HDMI video input for your wide screen TV .	HDMI video input	neutral
I was not able to attach the magnetic tip to it .	magnetic tip	neutral
Browsing the Google store , I see that there are hundreds and hundreds of Apps , games , movies , and songs that can be downloaded to the pad .	Apps	neutral
Browsing the Google store , I see that there are hundreds and hundreds of Apps , games , movies , and songs that can be downloaded to the pad .	games	neutral
Browsing the Google store , I see that there are hundreds and hundreds of Apps , games , movies , and songs that can be downloaded to the pad .	pad	neutral
The chassis should be very good for frequent travelers .	chassis	neutral
the AUA-311 pen holders are odd sized and do nt hold pens very well ... loose and slide out and around .	AUA-311 pen holders	neutral
However every time I reboot my computer it fails to recognize the adapter	adapter	neutral
I just purchased the Ipad 3 and it fits with the smart cover on with just a little room to spare	smart cover	neutral
Music is crisp and clear even up in the higher volumes .	Music	neutral
The reason I like this adapter is because the plastic build , unlike cheaply build ac adapters , does n't deform from all the extensive heat that is produced from within the adapter .	plastic build	neutral
The reason I like this adapter is because the plastic build , unlike cheaply build ac adapters , does n't deform from all the extensive heat that is produced from within the adapter .	ac adapters	neutral
Also very happy with Amazon and their delivery people who delivered the TV in 1 week - buying online from this place , instead of a local store was definitely a great decision given the significant savings Amazon offers .	delivery people	neutral
Also , being Kepler based it stay much cooler and saves on energy than some of its counterparts.- Excellent ventilation .	ventilation	neutral
The case is snug but not too tight and I am confident my MBP R. is protected for the foreseeable future .	case	neutral
Despite rumors to the contrary , the Turbo Boost and hyper threading capabilities were NOT turned off in the Core i5 CPUs .	Turbo Boost	neutral
Despite rumors to the contrary , the Turbo Boost and hyper threading capabilities were NOT turned off in the Core i5 CPUs .	hyper threading capabilities	neutral
Despite rumors to the contrary , the Turbo Boost and hyper threading capabilities were NOT turned off in the Core i5 CPUs .	Core i5 CPUs	neutral
For the past nine months the HDD has been failing off and on .	HDD	neutral
Lots of padding which makes this a great case to protect my laptop .	padding	neutral
Though not deal breakers , I would offer the following constructive criticism : ( 1 ) the bag is a bit too small for the speaker plus the cord -- it 's always a tight fit and takes effort to get both into the bag , but , having the bag is very nice ; ( 2 ) it would be cool if the speaker had its own short ( for example , 8 inches or so ) cable that wrapped up neatly as part of the speaker so that you did n't have to take the long , bulky power cord along unless you knew you 'd need to recharge the speaker .	speaker	neutral
Though not deal breakers , I would offer the following constructive criticism : ( 1 ) the bag is a bit too small for the speaker plus the cord -- it 's always a tight fit and takes effort to get both into the bag , but , having the bag is very nice ; ( 2 ) it would be cool if the speaker had its own short ( for example , 8 inches or so ) cable that wrapped up neatly as part of the speaker so that you did n't have to take the long , bulky power cord along unless you knew you 'd need to recharge the speaker .	cord	neutral
Though not deal breakers , I would offer the following constructive criticism : ( 1 ) the bag is a bit too small for the speaker plus the cord -- it 's always a tight fit and takes effort to get both into the bag , but , having the bag is very nice ; ( 2 ) it would be cool if the speaker had its own short ( for example , 8 inches or so ) cable that wrapped up neatly as part of the speaker so that you did n't have to take the long , bulky power cord along unless you knew you 'd need to recharge the speaker .	cable	neutral
Though not deal breakers , I would offer the following constructive criticism : ( 1 ) the bag is a bit too small for the speaker plus the cord -- it 's always a tight fit and takes effort to get both into the bag , but , having the bag is very nice ; ( 2 ) it would be cool if the speaker had its own short ( for example , 8 inches or so ) cable that wrapped up neatly as part of the speaker so that you did n't have to take the long , bulky power cord along unless you knew you 'd need to recharge the speaker .	power cord	neutral
The screen is good , but perhaps just a little more resolution and brightness would be added benefits ( I like a very bright screen).Performance and speed are excellent .	screen	neutral
The screen is good , but perhaps just a little more resolution and brightness would be added benefits ( I like a very bright screen).Performance and speed are excellent .	resolution	neutral
The screen is good , but perhaps just a little more resolution and brightness would be added benefits ( I like a very bright screen).Performance and speed are excellent .	brightness	neutral
The screen is good , but perhaps just a little more resolution and brightness would be added benefits ( I like a very bright screen).Performance and speed are excellent .	screen).Performance	neutral
The screen is good , but perhaps just a little more resolution and brightness would be added benefits ( I like a very bright screen).Performance and speed are excellent .	speed	neutral
I 'm running a Thinkpad T21 laptop with W2 K , and have RoadRunner for cable modem service ( Toshiba modem ) .	cable modem service	neutral
Plug into your usb .	usb	neutral
then I found a deal on the i5 .	i5	neutral
Fit screen very well and easy to install .	install	neutral
6).I did some minor improvements to this pc right out of the box ( like swapping the harddrive for SSD and upgrading the RAM from 4 gb to 8) , but that only cause I ca n't have anything without personalizing it .	harddrive	neutral
6).I did some minor improvements to this pc right out of the box ( like swapping the harddrive for SSD and upgrading the RAM from 4 gb to 8) , but that only cause I ca n't have anything without personalizing it .	SSD	neutral
6).I did some minor improvements to this pc right out of the box ( like swapping the harddrive for SSD and upgrading the RAM from 4 gb to 8) , but that only cause I ca n't have anything without personalizing it .	RAM	neutral
The reception is strangely unpredictable , at times dropping out only several feet away from the source , at other times letting you stray thirty feet or so and separated by a floor or wall .	reception	neutral
I used the previous GBU421 adapter and loved it , but I accidentally broke it .	GBU421 adapter	neutral
just in case you have the whim to try an alternative color .	color	neutral
The machine is very sleek , somewhat heavy for its size ( the battery probably makes up a good deal of the weight gain ) , and the Windows 7 is usable .	size	neutral
The machine is very sleek , somewhat heavy for its size ( the battery probably makes up a good deal of the weight gain ) , and the Windows 7 is usable .	battery	neutral
The machine is very sleek , somewhat heavy for its size ( the battery probably makes up a good deal of the weight gain ) , and the Windows 7 is usable .	weight	neutral
The machine is very sleek , somewhat heavy for its size ( the battery probably makes up a good deal of the weight gain ) , and the Windows 7 is usable .	Windows 7	neutral
I muse this to connecy my Acer to a repeater to allow us to maintain the program in the remote unit .	program	neutral
but the quality of this unit and the service is much lower then any other computer I ever had .	quality	neutral
but the quality of this unit and the service is much lower then any other computer I ever had .	service	neutral
Gave up and reinstalled original 512 mb chip .	512 mb chip	neutral
Great price and fast shipping .	price	neutral
Great price and fast shipping .	shipping	neutral
I appreciate the fact that the pouches are n't obtrusive and lay fairly flush against the inside , so if you do n't want to use them , you barely notice they are there .	pouches	neutral
Occassionally , the mousepad will just turn off completely for a few seconds .	mousepad	neutral
I am not sure how to rate this battery .	battery	neutral
MOBO header .	MOBO header	neutral
If you are n't up for prying the device open , pressing a & # 34;reset&#34 ; that is hard to identify , and downloading software to your PC that is all in foreign language , no English , in order to reload software on the device , then you should save your money and buy a Chromebox .	software	neutral
If you are n't up for prying the device open , pressing a & # 34;reset&#34 ; that is hard to identify , and downloading software to your PC that is all in foreign language , no English , in order to reload software on the device , then you should save your money and buy a Chromebox .	software	neutral
( You may not think this is huge , but hook this up to your stereo through the optical and you will hear a major difference .	optical	neutral
This is relevant because IPS is known for	IPS	neutral
So , not only was the new key setup getting me killed , my ability to kill really dwindled and that got me killed .	key setup	neutral
That 's when I found this Belkin 1 Outlet Surge Protector with a 2 . 1 Amp USB Port .	1 Outlet Surge Protector	neutral
is a nice chicklet - style keyboard , but the ' end ' of the stroke is not quite as refined as I 'd like , but that 's my only complaint about the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
is a nice chicklet - style keyboard , but the ' end ' of the stroke is not quite as refined as I 'd like , but that 's my only complaint about the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I used my earphones while I did housework and gardening , and the cord was so long that I constantly had to tuck it into my waistband or pockets , where it would escape after a few minutes .	cord	neutral
When people mentioned how poorly this laptop fared against other laptops in video game performance , I thought , fine , they 're comparing this laptop with the newly released 2011 15 " ones with discrete graphics chips .	video game performance	neutral
When people mentioned how poorly this laptop fared against other laptops in video game performance , I thought , fine , they 're comparing this laptop with the newly released 2011 15 " ones with discrete graphics chips .	discrete graphics chips	neutral
Cord itself seemed thick and durable .	Cord	neutral
They both arrived at the same time , To be honest , if both brands put their heads together , they would make an EXCELLENT keyboard case , separately , they are merely adequate .	keyboard case	neutral
For the low price , I ca n't complain .	price	neutral
This laptop uses the Intel integrated Graphics Media Accelerator 4500MHD , which has no dedicated memory of its own ; it instead borrows memory from the computer 's main memory ( RAM ) for graphics use .	Intel integrated Graphics Media Accelerator 4500MHD	neutral
This laptop uses the Intel integrated Graphics Media Accelerator 4500MHD , which has no dedicated memory of its own ; it instead borrows memory from the computer 's main memory ( RAM ) for graphics use .	memory	neutral
This laptop uses the Intel integrated Graphics Media Accelerator 4500MHD , which has no dedicated memory of its own ; it instead borrows memory from the computer 's main memory ( RAM ) for graphics use .	memory	neutral
This laptop uses the Intel integrated Graphics Media Accelerator 4500MHD , which has no dedicated memory of its own ; it instead borrows memory from the computer 's main memory ( RAM ) for graphics use .	memory	neutral
This laptop uses the Intel integrated Graphics Media Accelerator 4500MHD , which has no dedicated memory of its own ; it instead borrows memory from the computer 's main memory ( RAM ) for graphics use .	RAM	neutral
This laptop uses the Intel integrated Graphics Media Accelerator 4500MHD , which has no dedicated memory of its own ; it instead borrows memory from the computer 's main memory ( RAM ) for graphics use .	graphics use	neutral
I believe the instructions for using the keyboard are good quality .	keyboard	neutral
Again , works great !	works	neutral
After less than a year was some problem with a memory .	memory	neutral
The build quality of this tablet is unbelievable for the price .	build quality	neutral
The build quality of this tablet is unbelievable for the price .	price	neutral
DVD / CD Writer Black ) , and the Kensington 64068F	DVD / CD Writer	neutral
Pros:*Boots in 10 to 15 seconds , or about 1 1/2 minutes quicker than XP*No bloatware from the factory .	bloatware	neutral
An adapter came with the computer , and of course it works just fine .	adapter	neutral
Keyboard is a huge plus over the one that 's built in .	Keyboard	neutral
It 's easy to charge , and has been a great help with my battery eatingHTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2	charge	neutral
It 's easy to charge , and has been a great help with my battery eatingHTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2	battery eatingHTC	neutral
The card does n't seat completely flush like some others have mentioned but I will say its miniscule less than a 16th of an inch .	card	neutral
The battery lasts just over 3 hours in my D600 using CrunchBang Linux , which is a little better than my original battery ( it should last just as long in Windows XP . )	battery	neutral
The battery lasts just over 3 hours in my D600 using CrunchBang Linux , which is a little better than my original battery ( it should last just as long in Windows XP . )	battery	neutral
The battery lasts just over 3 hours in my D600 using CrunchBang Linux , which is a little better than my original battery ( it should last just as long in Windows XP . )	Windows XP	neutral
By design it 's supposed to be for when you are traveling light , and that 's one thing	design	neutral
I like the extra buttons on the VX Revolution and switch to that when I need the extra functions , but for extended use , it is less comfortable since it has a higher bulge profile that pressures my palm , and the need to hold it .	buttons	neutral
I like the extra buttons on the VX Revolution and switch to that when I need the extra functions , but for extended use , it is less comfortable since it has a higher bulge profile that pressures my palm , and the need to hold it .	bulge profile	neutral
Setup for the WPN802 was fairly straight forward using the enclosed paper Installation Guide .	Setup	neutral
I am so excited to share my opinion on this keyboard because I love it .	keyboard	neutral
The copy , cut , paste keys do not work with all apps .	copy	neutral
The copy , cut , paste keys do not work with all apps .	cut	neutral
I stuffed this bag with 6 lens including shades and filters , external flashes , bodies and other goodies to take along on locations .	external flashes	neutral
The tablet does feel a bit cheap with it 's plastic back cover .	plastic back cover	neutral
thank you for creating such a nice fan .	fan	neutral
The fan exhaust is located right under the screen hinge , and since it is easily covered , the laptop easily heats up .	fan exhaust	neutral
The fan exhaust is located right under the screen hinge , and since it is easily covered , the laptop easily heats up .	screen hinge	neutral
I am very pleased with the Verbatim 96899 Nano .	Verbatim	neutral
This Y410p performs very well and equivalent to more expensive laptops by competing manufacturers like Dell or HP .	performs	neutral
I am shocked and disappointed that Toshiba , a well regarded consumer electronics brand , does such a poor job of end - user marketing and support .	marketing	neutral
I am shocked and disappointed that Toshiba , a well regarded consumer electronics brand , does such a poor job of end - user marketing and support .	support	neutral
Do n't put this near your TV , or you 'll be staring at the lights.-Slower than writing to a regular windows server ( by 50 % ) , but it still performs wellWishlist:-Ability to turn off the lights - USB connector to plug it into my computer directly ( so I could use it as a regular external hard drive)-Rubberized feet .	windows server	neutral
Do n't put this near your TV , or you 'll be staring at the lights.-Slower than writing to a regular windows server ( by 50 % ) , but it still performs wellWishlist:-Ability to turn off the lights - USB connector to plug it into my computer directly ( so I could use it as a regular external hard drive)-Rubberized feet .	performs	neutral
Do n't put this near your TV , or you 'll be staring at the lights.-Slower than writing to a regular windows server ( by 50 % ) , but it still performs wellWishlist:-Ability to turn off the lights - USB connector to plug it into my computer directly ( so I could use it as a regular external hard drive)-Rubberized feet .	USB connector	neutral
Do n't put this near your TV , or you 'll be staring at the lights.-Slower than writing to a regular windows server ( by 50 % ) , but it still performs wellWishlist:-Ability to turn off the lights - USB connector to plug it into my computer directly ( so I could use it as a regular external hard drive)-Rubberized feet .	external hard drive)-Rubberized feet	neutral
Music Library ( iTunes , Amazon MP3 , Lastfm , Spotify)[Excellent ]	Music Library	neutral
This protective case is one of them .	protective case	neutral
This looks like a winner but when it arrives it has four screws and a caddy , no documentation or instructions for installing .	screws	neutral
This looks like a winner but when it arrives it has four screws and a caddy , no documentation or instructions for installing .	caddy	neutral
For the price , you ca n't beat it !	price	neutral
And better yet , JBL is now shipping , for free , an adapter to make it compatible with the IPod photo .	adapter	neutral
up to 24 hour recording in LP mode ( with 64 GB total memory ,	memory	neutral
The cord works great .	cord	neutral
And the fact still remains that Apple machines are far less prone to virus , malware , and system crashes than their PC counterparts.#3 Integration with our main home	system	neutral
Perhaps these just exceed my laptop 's capability .	capability	neutral
You 've got all kinds of accessories to personalize & maximize work and play output .	work	neutral
You 've got all kinds of accessories to personalize & maximize work and play output .	play output	neutral
As you 're going through airport security you simply unzip the backpack , laying down the laptop area separate from the rest of the bag ( and most importantly , the cables ) .	cables	neutral
Just go to control panel / mouse ( in Windows ) to set the mouse pointer speed the way you like it .	control panel	neutral
Just go to control panel / mouse ( in Windows ) to set the mouse pointer speed the way you like it .	mouse	neutral
Just go to control panel / mouse ( in Windows ) to set the mouse pointer speed the way you like it .	mouse pointer speed	neutral
supports 8 GB ( but would have to replace exiting 4 GB memory ) .	8 GB	neutral
supports 8 GB ( but would have to replace exiting 4 GB memory ) .	4 GB memory	neutral
It holds the laptop securely without being so tight you have to pry it out ( at least for the slender Air version of Macbook).The makers were smart to leave the sides open near the top	sides	neutral
In the Windows app store , you ca n't open apps you already have installed .	Windows app store	neutral
In the Windows app store , you ca n't open apps you already have installed .	apps	neutral
Logitech does n't have any driver updates for this device .	driver updates	neutral
fan filters easy access for easy cleaning .	fan filters	neutral
My new monitor came with two HDMI ports only .	HDMI ports	neutral
Add 2 AA batteries	AA batteries	neutral
This cord is close to useless because it slips out of my Kindle Fire .	cord	neutral
I realize the battery will not be removed often , but my experience is just something I would suggest being aware of for other customers .	battery	neutral
One 6 cell or the Samsung nc10	6 cell	neutral
Good thick cords .	cords	neutral
Perhaps the most disappointing is the wireless range .	wireless range	neutral
It 's not meant to take hard drops ( neither are laptop hard drives ) , just to keep it clean and unscratched .	hard drives	neutral
Replace the battery , it falls out again .	battery	neutral
the 2 gb that came with my camera holds about 35 minutes of video , and about 1200 photos ..	2 gb	neutral
The feet on the bottom are just the right kind of rubber .	feet	neutral
The feet on the bottom are just the right kind of rubber .	bottom	neutral
Able to do virtual OS things fairly well on the 1215B with 8 GB of RAM too but sound driver issues in virtual OS mode or trying to dual boot it to another OS has been quirky .	virtual OS	neutral
Able to do virtual OS things fairly well on the 1215B with 8 GB of RAM too but sound driver issues in virtual OS mode or trying to dual boot it to another OS has been quirky .	8	neutral
Able to do virtual OS things fairly well on the 1215B with 8 GB of RAM too but sound driver issues in virtual OS mode or trying to dual boot it to another OS has been quirky .	sound driver	neutral
Able to do virtual OS things fairly well on the 1215B with 8 GB of RAM too but sound driver issues in virtual OS mode or trying to dual boot it to another OS has been quirky .	virtual OS mode	neutral
On examination , the pockets are numerous and well thought out .	pockets	neutral
Works like a champion !	Works	neutral
They 're computer speakers .	speakers	neutral
Now , the product works fine for both my PCs .	works	neutral
After looking online at netbooks we decided that battery life and the 10 . 2 inch screen size were important .	battery life	neutral
After looking online at netbooks we decided that battery life and the 10 . 2 inch screen size were important .	10 . 2 inch screen size	neutral
Eventually software makers will remedy this problem , but for now , it limits ease of use .	use	neutral
If the hub is plugged in , the PC will not boot -- hangs at the Dell logo screen .	hub	neutral
If the hub is plugged in , the PC will not boot -- hangs at the Dell logo screen .	boot	neutral
after moving around the macbook , it does n't shift off from the keyboard itself like the MOSHI does .	keyboard	neutral
The screen does not seem to quite match my previous HP in color or brightness , but it is still very good .	screen	neutral
The screen does not seem to quite match my previous HP in color or brightness , but it is still very good .	color	neutral
The screen does not seem to quite match my previous HP in color or brightness , but it is still very good .	brightness	neutral
First thing I noticed with WoW is the high - res screen make the game look so sharp and vibrant	game	neutral
Speakerphone quality is better than most bluetooth devices I 've heard .	Speakerphone quality	neutral
Speakerphone quality is better than most bluetooth devices I 've heard .	bluetooth	neutral
More truthfully , it is a ( large ) software suite connected to a big volume knob .	software suite	neutral
More truthfully , it is a ( large ) software suite connected to a big volume knob .	volume knob	neutral
The interior is just too big for it .	interior	neutral
i replaced my Macbook pro CD drive with " 500 GB Hard Drive with	CD drive	neutral
i replaced my Macbook pro CD drive with " 500 GB Hard Drive with	500 GB Hard Drive	neutral
I love the fact so many compartments .	compartments	neutral
This older laptop arrived with a replaced E key , and a small spot of fingernail polish barely noticeable	E key	neutral
You can use the same charger that you use if you have an iPhone , which i love .	charger	neutral
My battery is NOT a nokia -	battery	neutral
but it works well for me .	works	neutral
It is fast and works well out of the box .	works	neutral
It was very reasonably priced .	priced	neutral
I wanted to use one of these drives on my PS3 and the other to back up my MacBookPro .	drives	neutral
and I would have been stuck with Bluetooth 2 . 1 .	Bluetooth 2 . 1	neutral
I am not sure a router upgrade will help since the connection is direct , not via the home network , if I understand correctly .	router upgrade	neutral
The adapter does as per the product specs and has not broken down yet for me .	adapter	neutral
The adapter does as per the product specs and has not broken down yet for me .	specs	neutral
The " woofer " opening is out the back ( sending the sound away from the user ) and measures about 5/8 " in diameter ... not really large enough to allow significant room for the sound wave .	" woofer " opening	neutral
The " woofer " opening is out the back ( sending the sound away from the user ) and measures about 5/8 " in diameter ... not really large enough to allow significant room for the sound wave .	sound wave	neutral
It does not transport loose papers very well if you have other items in the bag as they tend to distort the dividers .	dividers	neutral
The wireless card was simple to install , but I also have 20 + years of hands - on experience installing modems , sound cards and network cards .	wireless card	neutral
The wireless card was simple to install , but I also have 20 + years of hands - on experience installing modems , sound cards and network cards .	modems	neutral
The wireless card was simple to install , but I also have 20 + years of hands - on experience installing modems , sound cards and network cards .	sound cards	neutral
The wireless card was simple to install , but I also have 20 + years of hands - on experience installing modems , sound cards and network cards .	network cards	neutral
any settings.)The USB wireless connection is wonderfully small ... about 1/2 " x 3/4 " and does clip easily in the back of the mouse ( in spite of what some people have reported .	USB wireless connection	neutral
any settings.)The USB wireless connection is wonderfully small ... about 1/2 " x 3/4 " and does clip easily in the back of the mouse ( in spite of what some people have reported .	mouse	neutral
I bought this little cord to see if could charge my Nexus 7 faster .	charge	neutral
Windows 8 is a mess , but that 's not Acer 's fault .	Windows 8	neutral
My wife accesses this from her work - nice feature .	feature	neutral
There is a flip out USP connector which easily plugs into your computer for charging and uploading purposes .	USP connector	neutral
There is a flip out USP connector which easily plugs into your computer for charging and uploading purposes .	charging	neutral
Pro USB Audio System with THX SB1290 .	USB Audio System	neutral
Ubuntu works flawlessly as soon as you boot with the new Intel card , Win 8 is a real headache as all Windows systems are .	Ubuntu	neutral
Ubuntu works flawlessly as soon as you boot with the new Intel card , Win 8 is a real headache as all Windows systems are .	Intel card	neutral
Ubuntu works flawlessly as soon as you boot with the new Intel card , Win 8 is a real headache as all Windows systems are .	Win 8	neutral
I am using the batteries to power it ( it is available with a few more options ) and it is behind my television .	batteries	neutral
This mouse is good for when you are on the go .	mouse	neutral
so i set my PS3 to 1080p in the display options menu thinking the screen would just go black or blank or would say " mode not supported " but	display options menu	neutral
so i set my PS3 to 1080p in the display options menu thinking the screen would just go black or blank or would say " mode not supported " but	mode	neutral
My gaming / computer station has never looked so good before until i got these .	gaming	neutral
Super easy to instal , just put in the CD , followed the directions and I was up and running in a few short minutes .	instal	neutral
Super easy to instal , just put in the CD , followed the directions and I was up and running in a few short minutes .	CD	neutral
, it is much longer than the original charger and adapter	charger and adapter	neutral
This is not bad at all because I can use the software to use remote to open Front Row , iTunes , QuickTime and other programs I choose .	software	neutral
This is not bad at all because I can use the software to use remote to open Front Row , iTunes , QuickTime and other programs I choose .	QuickTime	neutral
This is not bad at all because I can use the software to use remote to open Front Row , iTunes , QuickTime and other programs I choose .	programs	neutral
but we will see how long the wire lasts it seems kind of flimsy and there is no place on the case to store the wire to protect it when its not in use	wire	neutral
but we will see how long the wire lasts it seems kind of flimsy and there is no place on the case to store the wire to protect it when its not in use	case	neutral
but we will see how long the wire lasts it seems kind of flimsy and there is no place on the case to store the wire to protect it when its not in use	wire	neutral
The OS checks for updates for you , so for better or worse you just get notifications	OS	neutral
also it charges far slower .	charges	neutral
The best part is the picture .	picture	neutral
Be prepared to spend some time learning the Windows 8 operating system .	Windows 8 operating system	neutral
In addition to that storage is the area above it .	storage	neutral
Bass and highs over mids .	Bass	neutral
Seems that all netbooks are nearly the same hardware .	hardware	neutral
Without this device and a usb wireless adapter I would n't be able to successfully use my Dell Venue 8 pro without constantly having to reboot to fix its wireless problems .	usb wireless adapter	neutral
Without this device and a usb wireless adapter I would n't be able to successfully use my Dell Venue 8 pro without constantly having to reboot to fix its wireless problems .	wireless	neutral
I 'm guessing this happens because the convertor does n't have a built - in ' hardware video scaler ' , so	convertor	neutral
I 'm guessing this happens because the convertor does n't have a built - in ' hardware video scaler ' , so	hardware video scaler	neutral
Speaking of the browser , the Asus offers the option of rendering web pages like a desktop computer , which works beautifully .	browser	neutral
third , having 7 usb slots is just fantastic .	usb slots	neutral
good product support a lot of scracth its easy to install and remove it , the material constructions feels hard but is practice .	material constructions	neutral
No matter the weight fits very good on your back and you can not fill the weight .	weight	neutral
No matter the weight fits very good on your back and you can not fill the weight .	weight	neutral
Also , I 'm not sure why they did not include hibernation support .	hibernation support	neutral
The power button does n't even work .	power button	neutral
In fact , I had to uninstall Adobe Acrobat ( uses 2 GB ) and install Foxit PDF ( 500 MB to save an extra 1 . 5 GB of space ) .	Adobe Acrobat	neutral
In fact , I had to uninstall Adobe Acrobat ( uses 2 GB ) and install Foxit PDF ( 500 MB to save an extra 1 . 5 GB of space ) .	Foxit PDF	neutral
Enemy Territory at the same time as recording in 1080p it gives me a lower and unstable framerate , as expected with an AMD Phenom II	framerate	neutral
I 'm a systems engineer and I use it on a daily basis to do simple administrative tasks to send email , browse the internet , read ebooks and write documents .	browse the internet	neutral
Excellent value earphones with a sound much bigger than the price tag !	sound	neutral
Excellent value earphones with a sound much bigger than the price tag !	price tag	neutral
So other than that little glitch , it is a nice little mic .	mic	neutral
Also , the backpack comes with a waist strap and a chest strap and is n't pretty comfortable .	waist strap	neutral
Also , the backpack comes with a waist strap and a chest strap and is n't pretty comfortable .	chest strap	neutral
The original power supply from Dell still works fine .	power supply	neutral
There are a few minor issues , but overall it is really great for the price .	price	neutral
They are selling at different prices and the prices fluctuate so you will definitely want to watch them carefully .	prices	neutral
They are selling at different prices and the prices fluctuate so you will definitely want to watch them carefully .	prices	neutral
A nice PSU , using it to power a game rig .	PSU	neutral
No backlight on the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I had a tech come out	tech	neutral
But it charges fine , is stable enough that I do n't worry about some little bump knocking over the tablet .	charges	neutral
So I elected this baby at discount and the set - up was seamless - after all , they 're making them to go together .	set - up	neutral
I did n't have a problem with my old cord-	cord-	neutral
And again the trade - off to rapid installation is no additional software to zoom , adjust resolution , make small scene adjustments , and focus .	software	neutral
And again the trade - off to rapid installation is no additional software to zoom , adjust resolution , make small scene adjustments , and focus .	resolution	neutral
Speeds are slightly faster via this adapter than using my Netgear Powerline Ethernet adapter .	Speeds	neutral
Speeds are slightly faster via this adapter than using my Netgear Powerline Ethernet adapter .	Powerline Ethernet adapter	neutral
Screen resolution is also very good , boots up fast and keyboard is plenty big !	Screen resolution	neutral
Screen resolution is also very good , boots up fast and keyboard is plenty big !	boots up	neutral
Screen resolution is also very good , boots up fast and keyboard is plenty big !	keyboard	neutral
So if you drop your laptop on it 's edge , there is a fair amount of protection , but dropping something on the flat parts wo n't go over well , but then again , no laptop case will protect against dropping heavy objects on the flat parts unless you get a hard case .	case	neutral
Works great with my Compaq laptop .	Works	neutral
The instruction sheet is very vague & limited .	instruction sheet	neutral
The drivers work with Windows Server 2008 as well .	drivers	neutral
The drivers work with Windows Server 2008 as well .	Windows Server 2008	neutral
Laptop tells me it has 26 % power .	power	neutral
However , for the hardware , this is way more expensive than your average laptop .	hardware	neutral
They look AWESOME , have cool touch - panel controls and are easy to setup .	touch - panel controls	neutral
They look AWESOME , have cool touch - panel controls and are easy to setup .	setup	neutral
Vista cleaned up ? ) , pretty nice speakers * , long battery life ( though I get only 5 - 6 hours ,	Vista	neutral
Vista cleaned up ? ) , pretty nice speakers * , long battery life ( though I get only 5 - 6 hours ,	speakers	neutral
Vista cleaned up ? ) , pretty nice speakers * , long battery life ( though I get only 5 - 6 hours ,	battery life	neutral
I was just about to spend $ 130 on a new router , but I found out that it 's actually just this adapter .	adapter	neutral
I 've heard no noise coming from the adapter , and it allows the CoolerMaster to have full USB power , rather than simply drawing from the built - in laptop USB power source .	USB power	neutral
, it works perfectly .	works	neutral
It plugged in via USB , had an extendable or retractable cord , and a little scrolly wheel .	wheel	neutral
I 'm no expert - there are many settings that I do n't understand at all - but I did remember enough to get it going .	settings	neutral
The outside appearance is great and will easily fit in almost anywhere in your home .	outside appearance	neutral
I bought an E545 which does not have a mini dock option .	mini dock	neutral
OK , so I reinstalled the Corsair RAM and played with it ever so slightly to make sure the RAM got all the way in and next boot was a success .	Corsair RAM	neutral
OK , so I reinstalled the Corsair RAM and played with it ever so slightly to make sure the RAM got all the way in and next boot was a success .	RAM	neutral
I took it apart , cleaned the dust off the fan , put it back together again , and it was quiet for a few minutes , but started with the whirring noise again .	fan	neutral
The touchpad is only component in my opinion that is not up to par due to infrequent freakouts with two - finger scrolling and hopefully can be fixed with newer drivers .	touchpad	neutral
The touchpad is only component in my opinion that is not up to par due to infrequent freakouts with two - finger scrolling and hopefully can be fixed with newer drivers .	drivers	neutral
It only has three games on it	games	neutral
I did not keep it long enough to test out the blu - ray dvd drive , or other features , other than wireless ( which worked great.)Quick update - The seller was terrific and quickly made the refund .	blu - ray dvd drive	neutral
Using this thing makes me wish I would have bought a different laptop , with a REAL docking solution that can run two screens without all the trouble .	docking solution	neutral
Using this thing makes me wish I would have bought a different laptop , with a REAL docking solution that can run two screens without all the trouble .	screens	neutral
That aside it 's well built but the case does shows scrathes easily and even though it has the new tegra 3	case	neutral
mouse responsiveness is great .	mouse responsiveness	neutral
Their service is second to none .	service	neutral
Most of my USB devices do n't need to talk to the computer .	USB devices	neutral
I upgraded to windows 8 . 1 but did not like having MSN email control my computer	windows 8 . 1	neutral
I upgraded to windows 8 . 1 but did not like having MSN email control my computer	MSN email	neutral
For $ 20 , it 's a steal because I get fast quality internet speed with no problems at all .	internet speed	neutral
I thought the keyboard dock would make it easier for him to do his school work .	keyboard dock	neutral
As noted , this is probably due to fractures in the cable although the last time this happened it may have been the USB connector with my laptop .	cable	neutral
As noted , this is probably due to fractures in the cable although the last time this happened it may have been the USB connector with my laptop .	USB connector	neutral
Adding more displays should not cost as much .	displays	neutral
Lenovo does not seem to include a lot of extra software on its hard drive but that will probably not bother most people .	software	neutral
Lenovo does not seem to include a lot of extra software on its hard drive but that will probably not bother most people .	hard drive	neutral
Its fast , reliable , the display is not glaring , sharp and perfect , light and battery life is great .	display	neutral
Its fast , reliable , the display is not glaring , sharp and perfect , light and battery life is great .	battery life	neutral
Maybe the reviewers who say the cover does not fit their MacAir have the cover upside down .	cover	neutral
Maybe the reviewers who say the cover does not fit their MacAir have the cover upside down .	cover	neutral
( Amazon is great about returns).The scroll wheel is the best of the Logitech line as far as I 'm concerned .	scroll wheel	neutral
I hooked my smartphone to my computer through bluetooth .	bluetooth	neutral
Just get a cheap pouch at the dollar store to protect from dust , or do what I did and stick it right back in the plastic sleeve it was packaged in .	pouch	neutral
However , this issue is diminished after the internal crystals or whatever they are warm and deform .	internal crystals	neutral
When I got the tablet , I had noticed a small scratch on the Gorilla Glass screen in the upper right side .	Gorilla Glass screen	neutral
They provided a replacement of the original size for my laptop .	size	neutral
but that 's kinda my fault since I did n't specify which color ...	color	neutral
He said that it was covered under the two - year warranty .	two - year warranty	neutral
pictures).Compartment padding is excellent ; I 've never had the misfortune of a slip or fall with any of my laptops over the past twenty ( 20 ) years ; however , this case 's padding is the best I 've had to date and should provide as much laptop damage protection that I could wish for in the event of a mishap !	padding	neutral
there are two usb slots on the base .	usb slots	neutral
may make great products , but they do n't know the first thing about good customer service after the sale ! ! !	customer service	neutral
The frequency range is not listed anywhere ( not here , not on their website , and not on the box they came in ) , but it was acceptable to me ( I am used to listening through headphones with a response of 10 - 23000 , for comparison ) .	frequency range	neutral
I loved the length and toughness of this product .	length	neutral
I loved the length and toughness of this product .	toughness	neutral
This is a standard size wired cable not a heavy duty which is what I wanted and needed since it is plug in all the time and not moved around much .	wired cable	neutral
You can almost duplicate this price at Amazon .	price	neutral
I have not had to use this product yet as while i was waiting for this product to arrive i decided to perform surgery on my charger that was broken and actually got it working pretty good so this item will have to sit and collect dust until the day comes that the original finally gives way .	charger	neutral
Obviously , laptops are supposed to be semi - portable , and so bringing a monitor everywhere is n't practical .	monitor	neutral
Everything seems to be going well with the battery .	battery	neutral
I have the blue sensor light-	blue sensor light-	neutral
What worries me is actual time before the battery goes permanently dead because it 's internal and doubtful that it will be something you can pick up at your local retail store .	battery	neutral
Granted , the price is high for RAM , but you 'd pay even more elsewhere .	price	neutral
Granted , the price is high for RAM , but you 'd pay even more elsewhere .	RAM	neutral
Battery its really small , you will get battery life like 3 and almost 4 hours of use , but for the size i got no problem .	Battery	neutral
Battery its really small , you will get battery life like 3 and almost 4 hours of use , but for the size i got no problem .	battery life	neutral
Battery its really small , you will get battery life like 3 and almost 4 hours of use , but for the size i got no problem .	size	neutral
( it has since gone up in price ) , so I jumped .	price	neutral
Afterwards I copied my installed programs back onto the drive and now both my C:\ and D:\ drives are healthy and functioning well !	programs	neutral
Afterwards I copied my installed programs back onto the drive and now both my C:\ and D:\ drives are healthy and functioning well !	C:\	neutral
The sound out of this little hideous gray wafer is truly , truly unbelievable .	sound	neutral
For the value ( $ 55 ) I probably would n't buy it again , but overall I 'm satisfied .	value	neutral
When the CPU is idle and the MacBook Pro is on battery , there is a medium to high pitch sound that emits from the computer .	CPU	neutral
When the CPU is idle and the MacBook Pro is on battery , there is a medium to high pitch sound that emits from the computer .	battery	neutral
Battery hold only around 2 hours power even just browsing .	Battery	neutral
Battery hold only around 2 hours power even just browsing .	browsing	neutral
The speaker clamps on securely , and it does not obscure any of the screen .	speaker	neutral
The speaker clamps on securely , and it does not obscure any of the screen .	screen	neutral
Returned it at first after a couple weeks of usage because the sound had started fade up and down .	sound	neutral
The remote I was provided with seems to work fine , but there 's a significant " lag " between using it and having the WinTV 7 software respond .	remote	neutral
The remote I was provided with seems to work fine , but there 's a significant " lag " between using it and having the WinTV 7 software respond .	WinTV 7 software	neutral
A good docking station is one of the two reasons why I buy Dell business notebooks .	docking station	neutral
The cord is a little short , and I wish the actually plug was an & # 34;elbow&#34 ; as pictured rather than a straight .	cord	neutral
The cord is a little short , and I wish the actually plug was an & # 34;elbow&#34 ; as pictured rather than a straight .	actually plug	neutral
The last thing I want to do is add more weight by carrying water around .	weight	neutral
I guess I would not run or exercise with them because of the fit is not pressure tight	fit	neutral
As is the case for quite a few mice , the middle scroll wheel also doubles as a button that can be pressed .	middle scroll wheel	neutral
The Tripod pocket and straps work amazingly well .	Tripod pocket	neutral
The Tripod pocket and straps work amazingly well .	straps	neutral
I have a laptop desk , that 's maybe , 2 laptops in width ( a big Dell 15 " laptop , that is ) .	width	neutral
5V silver oxide watch battery will work , and you buy a 3 pack for $ 9 at your local drugstore .	battery	neutral
I also go an external HDD for backups and movies , plus I got an external DVD writer .	external HDD	neutral
I also go an external HDD for backups and movies , plus I got an external DVD writer .	external DVD writer	neutral
I probably have 1 hr , 1 . 5 hours of battery life , depending on what I 'm doing ( not necessarily great for a laptop , but about what I had with the original battery ) .	battery life	neutral
I probably have 1 hr , 1 . 5 hours of battery life , depending on what I 'm doing ( not necessarily great for a laptop , but about what I had with the original battery ) .	battery	neutral
They cost $ 13 each and they 're sturdier than most but very light .	cost	neutral
I bought this after buying my third battery ( $ 120 each ) because I wanted try and prolong the life of my new battery .	battery	neutral
I bought this after buying my third battery ( $ 120 each ) because I wanted try and prolong the life of my new battery .	life	neutral
I bought this after buying my third battery ( $ 120 each ) because I wanted try and prolong the life of my new battery .	battery	neutral
Installation was not that difficult as long as you apply enough application fluid to allow the protector to slide around on the tablet screen when positioning it .	protector	neutral
I tried upgrading to lion but it did not help .	lion	neutral
Nokia decided to put the toggle pads on the left - side which is , frankly , inconvenient .	toggle pads	neutral
One of the bigger problems is when the left button is clicked , it often double or triple clicks .	left button	neutral
After a few aftermarket failures I just maned up and bought the ASUS replacement .	aftermarket	neutral
There is a slight delay in the video , the audio is adequate .	audio	neutral
This case is tiny , not much larger than the drive itself which , perfectly , fits like a glove !	case	neutral
This case is tiny , not much larger than the drive itself which , perfectly , fits like a glove !	drive	neutral
This is the best tablet , no wifi issues , the design is the best , with the dock looks really nice , i really love it , thanks asus ...	wifi	neutral
This is the best tablet , no wifi issues , the design is the best , with the dock looks really nice , i really love it , thanks asus ...	design	neutral
This is the best tablet , no wifi issues , the design is the best , with the dock looks really nice , i really love it , thanks asus ...	dock	neutral
It will say it 's setting up or whatever when plugged in , and then nothing will happen .	setting up	neutral
Ziplock carry pouch .	Ziplock carry pouch	neutral
I 've been looking for a remote to control iTunes under Windows 7 .	iTunes	neutral
I 've been looking for a remote to control iTunes under Windows 7 .	Windows 7	neutral
When my wife 's Kindle Paperwhite arrived I charged it with my Amazon Kindle 9W PowerFast adapter that I originally purchased to use with my Kindle Fire HD 8 .	9W	neutral
When my wife 's Kindle Paperwhite arrived I charged it with my Amazon Kindle 9W PowerFast adapter that I originally purchased to use with my Kindle Fire HD 8 .	PowerFast adapter	neutral
I put on a 9dbi antenna and increased the distance to about 1/3 mile but the throughput increased significantly .	9dbi antenna	neutral
I put on a 9dbi antenna and increased the distance to about 1/3 mile but the throughput increased significantly .	throughput	neutral
Fortunately I get a good deal on Office 2010 being a student - Battery life is not so good when the brightness is all the way upThis is a great budget computer that can handle the average consumer 's necessities .	Office 2010	neutral
Fortunately I get a good deal on Office 2010 being a student - Battery life is not so good when the brightness is all the way upThis is a great budget computer that can handle the average consumer 's necessities .	Battery life	neutral
Fortunately I get a good deal on Office 2010 being a student - Battery life is not so good when the brightness is all the way upThis is a great budget computer that can handle the average consumer 's necessities .	brightness	neutral
I use apostrophe way more than the colon , I feel like those should have been switched,-button functionality : I notice some keys do n't work .	keys	neutral
Limited lifetime warranty- Made in China	lifetime warranty-	neutral
However , the back has lights and an alien head ; I wish you could turn on the alien head and the other lights off .	back	neutral
Perfect for my needs and gives a whole screen shot .	screen	neutral
they also help with ID theftKind of simple to useSoftware comes on a small THUMB DRIVE , better than a CD !	useSoftware	neutral
they also help with ID theftKind of simple to useSoftware comes on a small THUMB DRIVE , better than a CD !	THUMB DRIVE	neutral
I RECEIVED THIS CHARGER FOR ACER ASPIRE 3680	CHARGER	neutral
Unfortunately , with keyboard , the case was too big .	keyboard	neutral
Unfortunately , with keyboard , the case was too big .	case	neutral
And even for me , despite being a IT Specialist for an excess of two decades , it is still a challenge doing remote operations , given my entire background is in IBM / WINDOWs .	IT	neutral
And even for me , despite being a IT Specialist for an excess of two decades , it is still a challenge doing remote operations , given my entire background is in IBM / WINDOWs .	IBM	neutral
And even for me , despite being a IT Specialist for an excess of two decades , it is still a challenge doing remote operations , given my entire background is in IBM / WINDOWs .	WINDOWs	neutral
The above was when I first got the battery	battery	neutral
Having the touchpad on the keyboard dock here gives a user full mouse control where desired and eliminates any concern about having to lug additional accessories around as I might ( and do to some extent ) when I 'm carrying the DV8P around .	touchpad	neutral
Having the touchpad on the keyboard dock here gives a user full mouse control where desired and eliminates any concern about having to lug additional accessories around as I might ( and do to some extent ) when I 'm carrying the DV8P around .	keyboard dock	neutral
Having the touchpad on the keyboard dock here gives a user full mouse control where desired and eliminates any concern about having to lug additional accessories around as I might ( and do to some extent ) when I 'm carrying the DV8P around .	mouse control	neutral
Disconnecting the bottom two ( towards the motherboard ) antennae did not alter radio performance .	motherboard	neutral
Disconnecting the bottom two ( towards the motherboard ) antennae did not alter radio performance .	radio performance	neutral
It 's too roomy to be called a sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
Delivery time was good and excellent cust svc follow up .	Delivery time	neutral
This morning , May 2nd , the bulb blew .	bulb	neutral
it was small enough to fit in the valet , it offered surge protection , and ( BONUS ! ! )	surge protection	neutral
it works with any windows version as well with any program that uses video like FB , skype or yahoo messenger !	windows version	neutral
it works with any windows version as well with any program that uses video like FB , skype or yahoo messenger !	program	neutral
However , some computers just might not work with the drive .	drive	neutral
As a complaint , the reddish tint near the trackpad has worn away but functions just the same .	trackpad	neutral
The only minor problem with my computer is that the touchpad is depressed a bit in the lower right corner , so when I right - click , I have to stop and do it very carefully .	touchpad	neutral
I purchased it to create full backups of my iMac ( OS X 10 . 5 . 5 ) that I can store in my safe deposit box , and I have n't been disappointed .	OS X 10	neutral
Red color is nice .	color	neutral
I plugged it in , Windows 7 found it , started it , ran it .	Windows 7	neutral
If yu upgrade the RAM to the maximum 16 GB , Intel Rapid Start will never work , because the cache is too small , and there is no fix according to HP tech support .	RAM	neutral
If yu upgrade the RAM to the maximum 16 GB , Intel Rapid Start will never work , because the cache is too small , and there is no fix according to HP tech support .	Intel Rapid Start	neutral
If yu upgrade the RAM to the maximum 16 GB , Intel Rapid Start will never work , because the cache is too small , and there is no fix according to HP tech support .	cache	neutral
If yu upgrade the RAM to the maximum 16 GB , Intel Rapid Start will never work , because the cache is too small , and there is no fix according to HP tech support .	HP tech support	neutral
Mine runs assassins creed III in max resolution , full HD , the witcher 2 with high quality as well , and every game in the market .	resolution	neutral
Mine runs assassins creed III in max resolution , full HD , the witcher 2 with high quality as well , and every game in the market .	HD	neutral
Works like a champ .	Works	neutral
Easy to setup using the step by step wizard .	setup	neutral
You 're then left with a normal thumbdrive with no intrusive software trying to install itself everytime	thumbdrive	neutral
You 're then left with a normal thumbdrive with no intrusive software trying to install itself everytime	software	neutral
It 's well constructed , looks good , but most importantly , it 's pragmatically designed .	designed	neutral
We bought 2 of this 8 g memory modular for our two iMac-27 which are base on Intel i-7 3 .	8 g memory modular	neutral
We bought 2 of this 8 g memory modular for our two iMac-27 which are base on Intel i-7 3 .	Intel i-7	neutral
Ergonomic shoulder straps4 .	shoulder straps4	neutral
I did previously use a 2 dollar dongle , which worked ok some of the time , but would disconnect quite often	2 dollar dongle	neutral
Not to mention my printer drive , some games and McAfee virus protection .	printer drive	neutral
Not to mention my printer drive , some games and McAfee virus protection .	games	neutral
It charges like it should	charges	neutral
This bag has a shoulder strap for portability or it has a handle where you can tote it in your hands .	shoulder strap	neutral
This bag has a shoulder strap for portability or it has a handle where you can tote it in your hands .	portability	neutral
This bag has a shoulder strap for portability or it has a handle where you can tote it in your hands .	handle	neutral
The keyboard is easy to setup .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is easy to setup .	setup	neutral
Netgear has n't updated the drives in a good while .	drives	neutral
I installed the dvd - rw and the unit would not even try to work , however , Amazon was so kind to take this back to the Graveyard	dvd - rw	neutral
I Needed a few extra USB ports for my laptop and liked the design of this one so gave it a try and am glad I did .	USB ports	neutral
I Needed a few extra USB ports for my laptop and liked the design of this one so gave it a try and am glad I did .	design	neutral
Tip : try to elevate the speaker a bit ( more than 8cm/3 " ) and keep distance from the wall for more optimized bass .	speaker	neutral
Tip : try to elevate the speaker a bit ( more than 8cm/3 " ) and keep distance from the wall for more optimized bass .	bass	neutral
Under normal use , the fan runs less , so the battery lasts a little longer , and it 's much easier to access the USB ports and CD / DVD drive because of the added height .	fan	neutral
Under normal use , the fan runs less , so the battery lasts a little longer , and it 's much easier to access the USB ports and CD / DVD drive because of the added height .	battery	neutral
Under normal use , the fan runs less , so the battery lasts a little longer , and it 's much easier to access the USB ports and CD / DVD drive because of the added height .	USB ports	neutral
Under normal use , the fan runs less , so the battery lasts a little longer , and it 's much easier to access the USB ports and CD / DVD drive because of the added height .	CD / DVD drive	neutral
Under normal use , the fan runs less , so the battery lasts a little longer , and it 's much easier to access the USB ports and CD / DVD drive because of the added height .	height	neutral
WMVHD files played great .	WMVHD files	neutral
The only configuration I had to perform with this mouse on Windows was slowing down the cursor speed through the control panel , but that 's nothing .	configuration	neutral
The only configuration I had to perform with this mouse on Windows was slowing down the cursor speed through the control panel , but that 's nothing .	mouse	neutral
The only configuration I had to perform with this mouse on Windows was slowing down the cursor speed through the control panel , but that 's nothing .	cursor speed	neutral
The only configuration I had to perform with this mouse on Windows was slowing down the cursor speed through the control panel , but that 's nothing .	control panel	neutral
With a dual core Intel i7 , 8 gb Ram , 256 Gb SSD , the specs looks pretty damn good , until you get to the GPU , which is a fairly mediocre GT555 m .	8 gb Ram	neutral
With a dual core Intel i7 , 8 gb Ram , 256 Gb SSD , the specs looks pretty damn good , until you get to the GPU , which is a fairly mediocre GT555 m .	256	neutral
With a dual core Intel i7 , 8 gb Ram , 256 Gb SSD , the specs looks pretty damn good , until you get to the GPU , which is a fairly mediocre GT555 m .	specs	neutral
With a dual core Intel i7 , 8 gb Ram , 256 Gb SSD , the specs looks pretty damn good , until you get to the GPU , which is a fairly mediocre GT555 m .	GPU	neutral
Now , I have 2 of these laptops , so I can confirm its a design thing .	design	neutral
Received the TV , but after a few days the TV developed a loud intermittent buzz ( probably from the power supply ) .	power supply	neutral
Also , if the batteries are weak , the sound is not very good .	batteries	neutral
Also , if the batteries are weak , the sound is not very good .	sound	neutral
The center outlet is blocked if you have transformers plugged in there .	center outlet	neutral
The center outlet is blocked if you have transformers plugged in there .	transformers	neutral
My girlfriend mentioned during her class someone complimented on her laptop stating that it 's so lightweight and you do n't see many lightweight laptops with an i5 processor .	i5 processor	neutral
With every generation laptops become more viable alternatives to desktops , giving you the ability to use them as a desktop by connecting them to an external display and keyboard	external display	neutral
With every generation laptops become more viable alternatives to desktops , giving you the ability to use them as a desktop by connecting them to an external display and keyboard	keyboard	neutral
Its a great computer and its excellent for everyday use but it lacks of an iluminated keyboard ; the video quality of the camera is awful ( same problem with every Toshiba and most pc laptops with a web camera ) and the Intel video card is not as good as Nvidia or Ati .	keyboard	neutral
Its a great computer and its excellent for everyday use but it lacks of an iluminated keyboard ; the video quality of the camera is awful ( same problem with every Toshiba and most pc laptops with a web camera ) and the Intel video card is not as good as Nvidia or Ati .	video quality	neutral
Its a great computer and its excellent for everyday use but it lacks of an iluminated keyboard ; the video quality of the camera is awful ( same problem with every Toshiba and most pc laptops with a web camera ) and the Intel video card is not as good as Nvidia or Ati .	web camera	neutral
Its a great computer and its excellent for everyday use but it lacks of an iluminated keyboard ; the video quality of the camera is awful ( same problem with every Toshiba and most pc laptops with a web camera ) and the Intel video card is not as good as Nvidia or Ati .	Intel video card	neutral
Its a great computer and its excellent for everyday use but it lacks of an iluminated keyboard ; the video quality of the camera is awful ( same problem with every Toshiba and most pc laptops with a web camera ) and the Intel video card is not as good as Nvidia or Ati .	Nvidia	neutral
Its a great computer and its excellent for everyday use but it lacks of an iluminated keyboard ; the video quality of the camera is awful ( same problem with every Toshiba and most pc laptops with a web camera ) and the Intel video card is not as good as Nvidia or Ati .	Ati	neutral
Pros : I only have to connect one cable to my laptopSetup was easyHDMI , DVI , Sound , Network , USB 2 . 0 and 3 . 0 connectors .	DVI	neutral
Pros : I only have to connect one cable to my laptopSetup was easyHDMI , DVI , Sound , Network , USB 2 . 0 and 3 . 0 connectors .	Sound	neutral
Pros : I only have to connect one cable to my laptopSetup was easyHDMI , DVI , Sound , Network , USB 2 . 0 and 3 . 0 connectors .	Network	neutral
Pros : I only have to connect one cable to my laptopSetup was easyHDMI , DVI , Sound , Network , USB 2 . 0 and 3 . 0 connectors .	USB 2	neutral
Buyer beware - this cable works just fine , but I doubt you 'll be impressed with it 's performance .	performance	neutral
not crap .. just chineese qualitynot dung but doneok for da money	qualitynot	neutral
And it 's probably a very reasonable amount , considering the features .	features	neutral
I tried a popular external amp with these phones , and after extensive testing ( and single - blind testing with my wife to ensure I had n't suddenly gone deaf ) concluded that they make no audible difference , on any genre of music I own from classical to hip hop to alternative , on any bitrates from 160 to lossless .	external amp	neutral
You need a USB thumb drive and you can download the firmware to it from Samsung 's site .	USB thumb drive	neutral
You need a USB thumb drive and you can download the firmware to it from Samsung 's site .	firmware	neutral
An additional expandable band keeps the cover closed when not in use .	cover	neutral
Apple clearly has something special in their batteries so you have to take them to their store for replacement .	batteries	neutral
It was hard to connect wirelessly and it was much slower .	connect	neutral
I may be wrong , but why ca n't they design an interface for the older operating system ?	interface	neutral
I may be wrong , but why ca n't they design an interface for the older operating system ?	operating system	neutral
I can not believe I could purchased an ac adaptor for less than 20 dollars .	ac adaptor	neutral
The Surface 2 keyboard will cost you $ 130 extra , plus you do n't get the desktop version of windows with the standard Surface 2 which costs the same as the Asus Transformer Book T100 .	Surface 2 keyboard	neutral
The Surface 2 keyboard will cost you $ 130 extra , plus you do n't get the desktop version of windows with the standard Surface 2 which costs the same as the Asus Transformer Book T100 .	Surface 2	neutral
Only have used this for charging , as I travel on the charter bus routes	charging	neutral
with - two screws hold it in place and the hard drive caddy slides in and out .	hard drive caddy	neutral
This cooling pad works great , keeps my laptop nice and cool , and you do n't even hear the fan .	cooling pad	neutral
This cooling pad works great , keeps my laptop nice and cool , and you do n't even hear the fan .	fan	neutral
On the new version , the USB ports are rated at double the older power capacity ( 10 watts or 2 .	USB ports	neutral
On the new version , the USB ports are rated at double the older power capacity ( 10 watts or 2 .	power capacity	neutral
The battery arrived undamaged and I charged up , fit in my netbook and works perfectly .	battery	neutral
And I love having the dedicated buttons on top for pairing , previous / next track and play / pause .	dedicated buttons	neutral
And I love having the dedicated buttons on top for pairing , previous / next track and play / pause .	pairing	neutral
And I love having the dedicated buttons on top for pairing , previous / next track and play / pause .	play	neutral
For scanning I can not more strongly recommend the Fujitsu ScanSnap and Evernote software at Evernote .	ScanSnap	neutral
For scanning I can not more strongly recommend the Fujitsu ScanSnap and Evernote software at Evernote .	Evernote software	neutral
I bought the iluv stereo powered speaker and those speakers are the same size as these and it can get very loud and handle the bass nicely .	iluv stereo powered speaker	neutral
I bought the iluv stereo powered speaker and those speakers are the same size as these and it can get very loud and handle the bass nicely .	speakers	neutral
I bought the iluv stereo powered speaker and those speakers are the same size as these and it can get very loud and handle the bass nicely .	bass	neutral
and again you really ca n't beat any price or any item that comes from AMAZON ! !	price	neutral
For a total of ~ $ 1700 , I have a Haswell G750 laptop with premium graphics and 32 GB RAM ,	graphics	neutral
For a total of ~ $ 1700 , I have a Haswell G750 laptop with premium graphics and 32 GB RAM ,	32 GB	neutral
For a total of ~ $ 1700 , I have a Haswell G750 laptop with premium graphics and 32 GB RAM ,	RAM	neutral
So that 's the price part .	price	neutral
and I was very disappointed when I viewed the pictures on my computer and discovered the poor quality .	quality	neutral
As much as I love my Samsung , I do really wish it had a touchscreen , simply because the more I use a laptop with touchscreen , the more I find myself reaching out to use it on a non - touch device like my MacPro or Samsung Chromebook .	touchscreen	neutral
As much as I love my Samsung , I do really wish it had a touchscreen , simply because the more I use a laptop with touchscreen , the more I find myself reaching out to use it on a non - touch device like my MacPro or Samsung Chromebook .	touchscreen	neutral
It is light weight and easy to carry but still fairly sturdy .	carry	neutral
The improvement in the use of this computer was 10 fold .	use	neutral
The Web Link is really really bad .	Web Link	neutral
-1 star for all the bloatware and trackpad though .	bloatware	neutral
-1 star for all the bloatware and trackpad though .	trackpad	neutral
It 's very lightweight , very fast and the battery life is fantastic .	battery life	neutral
Obviously it 's not going to be as good as a kickin sound system , but for a mono speaker that fits in the palm of your hand , it 's quite impressive .	mono speaker	neutral
Using this enclosure with aSamsung 830 Series 128 GB SSDand connecting it to the USB3 . 0 port on my Windows 8 .	128 GB SSDand	neutral
Using this enclosure with aSamsung 830 Series 128 GB SSDand connecting it to the USB3 . 0 port on my Windows 8 .	USB3 . 0 port	neutral
Using this enclosure with aSamsung 830 Series 128 GB SSDand connecting it to the USB3 . 0 port on my Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
The connecting usb cable is short .	connecting usb cable	neutral
I did n't want the standard camera strap advertising the manufascturer 's name .	camera strap	neutral
The keyboard has a nice low volume tactile click to it .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is springy and responsive , it looks SO classy with the brushed silver exterior , photos look amazing on its screen , and it 's still small and light enough to drop in a backpack .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is springy and responsive , it looks SO classy with the brushed silver exterior , photos look amazing on its screen , and it 's still small and light enough to drop in a backpack .	screen	neutral
I will update , but right now , for the price I am extremely happy .	price	neutral
I do n't know what this s - video to 3RCA adapter is supposed to be used for .	s - video to 3RCA adapter	neutral
I am able to use PS3 Component thruput , but that is not why I got this specific device .	PS3 Component thruput	neutral
I 'm not sure about running and playing games on , but I 'm sure with the memory size and processor , it can probably play any game that was released before 2000 , and might be able to run games that do n't support high definition and are last generation .	games	neutral
I 'm not sure about running and playing games on , but I 'm sure with the memory size and processor , it can probably play any game that was released before 2000 , and might be able to run games that do n't support high definition and are last generation .	memory size	neutral
I 'm not sure about running and playing games on , but I 'm sure with the memory size and processor , it can probably play any game that was released before 2000 , and might be able to run games that do n't support high definition and are last generation .	processor	neutral
While I believe the folks leaving the reviews about power drain and compatibility , I doubt the average person has any idea about such things .	power drain	neutral
While I believe the folks leaving the reviews about power drain and compatibility , I doubt the average person has any idea about such things .	compatibility	neutral
Speck products are known for their quality and they have struck gold with this case .	quality	neutral
It is a fairly intuitive television even with its numerous features .	features	neutral
The Ubuntu version costs less .	Ubuntu version	neutral
The Ubuntu version costs less .	costs	neutral
The case feels like its quality - the handle and shoulder strap feel durable and able to put up with some abuse .	case	neutral
The case feels like its quality - the handle and shoulder strap feel durable and able to put up with some abuse .	handle	neutral
The case feels like its quality - the handle and shoulder strap feel durable and able to put up with some abuse .	shoulder strap	neutral
This connection is fine so far , except that it is really slow .	connection	neutral
this is something to look at .	look	neutral
The Mino is smaller , lighter , more convenient , has more accessible controls and software with more functions .	controls	neutral
The Mino is smaller , lighter , more convenient , has more accessible controls and software with more functions .	software	neutral
If only I could get Logitech and Media Center to get along .	Logitech	neutral
If only I could get Logitech and Media Center to get along .	Media Center	neutral
Easy installation , plug and play , and quick set up for this wireless adapter , and best of all it works great .	set up	neutral
Easy installation , plug and play , and quick set up for this wireless adapter , and best of all it works great .	wireless adapter	neutral
Sound - this little speaker is clear , and can reach a " good " volume ; the sound quality is better than the HP and MAC built - in speakers .	Sound	neutral
Sound - this little speaker is clear , and can reach a " good " volume ; the sound quality is better than the HP and MAC built - in speakers .	sound quality	neutral
The build is sturdy , the notebook computer is held in place while typing , and the cooling is wonderful .	build	neutral
The build is sturdy , the notebook computer is held in place while typing , and the cooling is wonderful .	cooling	neutral
MUST HAVE WIDI HARD WARE AND SOFTWARE PREINSTALLED AND ACTIVATED .	WIDI HARD WARE	neutral
MUST HAVE WIDI HARD WARE AND SOFTWARE PREINSTALLED AND ACTIVATED .	SOFTWARE	neutral
I 've used the webcam with AIM chat , it works great and starts right up on it 's own .	webcam	neutral
It has buttons to turn bluetooth and wireless on / off .	bluetooth	neutral
but it is understandable they did n't include it since they want you to spend almost 3 times as much on the speaker dock to get this functionality .	speaker dock	neutral
but it is understandable they did n't include it since they want you to spend almost 3 times as much on the speaker dock to get this functionality .	functionality	neutral
I have two NuForce DACs that I use with the Chromebooks .	NuForce DACs	neutral
They come with a nice array of sized ear fittings and the noise cancelling feature is excellent .	ear fittings	neutral
They come with a nice array of sized ear fittings and the noise cancelling feature is excellent .	noise cancelling feature	neutral
The zipper is supposedly " waterproof " which makes it hard to open and close until you break it in .	zipper	neutral
Intel n450 chip , I ordered the Toshiba NB305-N410WH and after nearly a week with it	Intel n450 chip	neutral
Often times , this memory card can be priced higher at any local retail stores , or online stores .	memory card	neutral
There 's a little light that turned from orange to a bluish white showing the wireless was now running .	wireless	neutral
Finer details , like stiching and symmetry , give the case away as a sort of " generic " item - not very high quality and this makes this a $ 50 item as opposed to the $ 100 " MSRP .	case	neutral
This laptop does not have 3 USB 3 . 0	USB 3 . 0	neutral
my laptop dimensions were definitely smaller than the case but i have to shove my laptop into the case .	dimensions	neutral
I guessed at which button was the correct one to hit	button	neutral
Lenovo laptop G500 has excellent performance !	performance	neutral
Works great for when you have limited plugs !	plugs	neutral
I just do n't know if I want to risk spending over thirty dollars on a new battery only to find out it did not solve the problem .	battery	neutral
Got this for one of my staff that wants to use two external monitors with a MacBook Air ( 2012 ) .	external monitors	neutral
While I prefer fully modular , for most purposes it makes no difference since you need the hard - wired cables in the semi - modular anyway .	hard - wired cables	neutral
Female 4-Pin Male Adapter&#34;to use it with digital media devices .	Female	neutral
Female 4-Pin Male Adapter&#34;to use it with digital media devices .	4-Pin Male Adapter&#34;to	neutral
All of our computers , servers , network have been based on the Microsoft platform .	Microsoft platform	neutral
I suggest that you buy an external 2 . 5 " hard drive enclosure , so you can use the built - in hard drive as an external or back - up hard drive .	external 2 . 5 " hard drive enclosure	neutral
My laptop internal wireless stopped working .	internal wireless	neutral
It causes my mouse pointer to bounce around as if my finger is moving around rapidly .	mouse pointer	neutral
Everyone is impressed with the deep bass on this piggy .	bass	neutral
This refurbished unit comes with no manual .	manual	neutral
The battery last a good amount , and the range seems to be good enough for my two bedroom apartment .	battery	neutral
The battery last a good amount , and the range seems to be good enough for my two bedroom apartment .	range	neutral
I ended up using JGM 's rom 3 . 1 , even though there are newer variants , but this one seemed most stable , as many roms i used led to the tablet freezing and then not booting correctly , stuck in a freeze / reboot loop .	JGM 's rom 3 . 1	neutral
I ended up using JGM 's rom 3 . 1 , even though there are newer variants , but this one seemed most stable , as many roms i used led to the tablet freezing and then not booting correctly , stuck in a freeze / reboot loop .	roms	neutral
and it 's not that much different than using the Kickstart program that comes with just about every version of Unix nowadays ,	Kickstart program	neutral
It is so darn difficult to find a good case for a 2 .	case	neutral
Unfortunately , the ends are too big to fit in either of my Creative Labs , or JVC headphones , so they 're a FAIL for my purposes .	ends	neutral
Works reasonably well with large drives and data transfer sizes under 10 GB .	Works	neutral
Works reasonably well with large drives and data transfer sizes under 10 GB .	drives	neutral
Works reasonably well with large drives and data transfer sizes under 10 GB .	data transfer sizes	neutral
the louder the more distorted the sound .	sound	neutral
Cushioned , light and overall sense of quality .	quality	neutral
We use to have a main working station with solid components and heavy duty quality .	components	neutral
We use to have a main working station with solid components and heavy duty quality .	quality	neutral
The stand itself is light but solid with rubber gripping on the front and back ends so avoid scratching or sliding on surfaces .	stand	neutral
The stand itself is light but solid with rubber gripping on the front and back ends so avoid scratching or sliding on surfaces .	rubber gripping	neutral
It also depends on where the fans are positioned on your laptop .	fans	neutral
That is well under Sata II 's bandwidth .	Sata II	neutral
That is well under Sata II 's bandwidth .	bandwidth	neutral
I restarted my computer and set the TV up as an external display and this worked much better .	external display	neutral
Also , the volume can be turned very loud with no distortion , so you could do a video presentation with this ultrabook and the client / customer would not need to strain to hear as with other laptops I have used .	volume	neutral
Very well designed and put together .	designed	neutral
It takes about 3 - 5 seconds for the two units to pair , but once they are paired the video quality is as good as if I were wiring my set top box with actual HDMI .	video quality	neutral
It takes about 3 - 5 seconds for the two units to pair , but once they are paired the video quality is as good as if I were wiring my set top box with actual HDMI .	HDMI	neutral
1 " , 4 MG RAM laptop can do - only faster with XP .	4	neutral
1 " , 4 MG RAM laptop can do - only faster with XP .	XP	neutral
The docking station works just great , takes up little space , holds any size SATA drive and connects to the Western Digital WD TV HD Media Player using a USB cable .	docking station	neutral
The docking station works just great , takes up little space , holds any size SATA drive and connects to the Western Digital WD TV HD Media Player using a USB cable .	SATA drive	neutral
The docking station works just great , takes up little space , holds any size SATA drive and connects to the Western Digital WD TV HD Media Player using a USB cable .	USB cable	neutral
Now , if you do n't really care about certain keys not working ( mainly fn )	keys	neutral
With a nice case ( Case Logic WDEC-10 EVA Molded 7 to 10 - Inch DVD Player Case ) this have traveled VERY well .	case	neutral
With a nice case ( Case Logic WDEC-10 EVA Molded 7 to 10 - Inch DVD Player Case ) this have traveled VERY well .	DVD Player Case	neutral
Along with various other stuff like filters , chargers and batteries .	filters	neutral
Along with various other stuff like filters , chargers and batteries .	chargers	neutral
Along with various other stuff like filters , chargers and batteries .	batteries	neutral
I 've purchased Square Trade warrantees before and I have been very happy with their great customer service and their repair or reimbursement time .	customer service	neutral
I 've purchased Square Trade warrantees before and I have been very happy with their great customer service and their repair or reimbursement time .	repair or	neutral
Battery does NOT have 8800MAH capacity , only 7200MAH .	Battery	neutral
This replaced an aftermarket power adapter from a different manufacture that quit working .	aftermarket power adapter	neutral
Volume buttons on the keyboard still work like normal .	Volume buttons	neutral
Volume buttons on the keyboard still work like normal .	keyboard	neutral
Especially as it is very easy to get to a ` desktop ' view that mimics a Windows 7 environment pretty closely .	Windows 7 environment	neutral
If you are running windows 7 or higher , plug this baby in and that 's it ,	windows 7	neutral
I fairly sure that all G73 's have the same dimensions so any of them should fit .	dimensions	neutral
And just the right amount of room for the mouse pad , wireless Logitech M325 or MS 3000 mobile mouse , plus the Asus laptop AC adapter .	mouse pad	neutral
Good price and	price	neutral
I do n't like the gel back covers for my iPad ,	gel back covers	neutral
Then there are the USB ports that seem to work when they feel good and ready to work .	USB ports	neutral
The quality is great regardless of whether you 're just running around town doing some video or trying for something more " artistic .	quality	neutral
Later that evening , all wireless devices experienced connection problems : no connection , no internet or abysmal link speeds .	connection	neutral
Later that evening , all wireless devices experienced connection problems : no connection , no internet or abysmal link speeds .	connection	neutral
Later that evening , all wireless devices experienced connection problems : no connection , no internet or abysmal link speeds .	internet	neutral
Later that evening , all wireless devices experienced connection problems : no connection , no internet or abysmal link speeds .	link speeds	neutral
I tried one of those nokia tablets and returned it - the real qwerty keyboard is so much easier then tapping out words with a stylus on a screen .	qwerty keyboard	neutral
but it was not seated firmly until I installed this adapter .	adapter	neutral
The heat has to go somewhere and unless a laptop has a fan that blows like a jet engine ( and likely sounds like one ) it 's not going to be able to get rid of the heat	fan	neutral
It is only a 100 Gb drive and has been used off and on as long as I have had it .	100 Gb drive	neutral
I then decided to slit the top leather attachment of the leather frame and slide it from the top so that the camera is at the top .	leather attachment	neutral
I then decided to slit the top leather attachment of the leather frame and slide it from the top so that the camera is at the top .	leather frame	neutral
I then decided to slit the top leather attachment of the leather frame and slide it from the top so that the camera is at the top .	camera	neutral
Laser ( old PC card was LED ) -- works on most surfaces , even black .	Laser	neutral
Very good battery life too .	battery life	neutral
a month later , they had a technician come and take the television away .	technician	neutral
Just lay the phone down with the bottom of the phone just above the & # 34;Wireless Charger&#34 ; logo and it starts charging immediately ( if you flip the phone the opposite way it will not charge since the coils in the pad wo n't line up with the phone 's coils ) .	charging	neutral
Just lay the phone down with the bottom of the phone just above the & # 34;Wireless Charger&#34 ; logo and it starts charging immediately ( if you flip the phone the opposite way it will not charge since the coils in the pad wo n't line up with the phone 's coils ) .	coils	neutral
Just lay the phone down with the bottom of the phone just above the & # 34;Wireless Charger&#34 ; logo and it starts charging immediately ( if you flip the phone the opposite way it will not charge since the coils in the pad wo n't line up with the phone 's coils ) .	pad	neutral
At this point I 'm declaring this behavior " by design , " sending it back , and moving on to another model .	design	neutral
Do an internet search on " ReadyBoost " to learn more about that .	ReadyBoost	neutral
Most importantly to me , the fabric is a very tough material that looks extremely unlikely to be cut or torn .	fabric	neutral
It has this bumpy texture feeling to it , which I love .	texture	neutral
It comes with this strange , small mousepad too , if you have any use for such a thing .	mousepad	neutral
I do have to sometimes pull the zippers over the iPad , but once they are in place , it zips up without any issue at all .	zippers	neutral
The sound is also of better quality than the dinky ones given on the HP Netbook .	sound	neutral
I decided that its usefulness did not justify the price , and I am returning it .	price	neutral
Well it does simply that repeat the signal coming from the alfa card	alfa card	neutral
Has performed just like the ad states .	performed	neutral
Gaming and regular browsing was no issue	Gaming	neutral
Gaming and regular browsing was no issue	browsing	neutral
The PC runs hotter than most as it is , although nothing too bad under normal use , however , when you try to play a game you get stutter for maybe 30 seconds where the frame rate drops significantly .	game	neutral
The PC runs hotter than most as it is , although nothing too bad under normal use , however , when you try to play a game you get stutter for maybe 30 seconds where the frame rate drops significantly .	frame rate	neutral
Given that the hardware works , I have to assume that the problems associated with this dock are either driver related , or a problem with Windows 8 itself .	hardware	neutral
Given that the hardware works , I have to assume that the problems associated with this dock are either driver related , or a problem with Windows 8 itself .	dock	neutral
Given that the hardware works , I have to assume that the problems associated with this dock are either driver related , or a problem with Windows 8 itself .	driver	neutral
Given that the hardware works , I have to assume that the problems associated with this dock are either driver related , or a problem with Windows 8 itself .	Windows 8	neutral
I eventually got myself a more feminine - looking Raspberry Incase shell which is just as good , but this Incipio is a bit more lighter to carry than mine .	Incase shell	neutral
I eventually got myself a more feminine - looking Raspberry Incase shell which is just as good , but this Incipio is a bit more lighter to carry than mine .	carry	neutral
Windows 8 is much more intuitive with the touch screen .	Windows 8	neutral
Windows 8 is much more intuitive with the touch screen .	touch screen	neutral
UNLESS THEY ARE THE SAME SIZE .	SIZE	neutral
They did n't leave the computer , but within 6 weeks the headphone portion stopped working .	headphone portion	neutral
, it also has built - in left / right mouse buttons that also work well .	left	neutral
Apps like Visual Studio or Photoshop open in 3 seconds consistently .	Apps	neutral
Apps like Visual Studio or Photoshop open in 3 seconds consistently .	Visual Studio	neutral
Apps like Visual Studio or Photoshop open in 3 seconds consistently .	Photoshop	neutral
lacking dedicated buttons .	dedicated buttons	neutral
The 1 GB of flash memory holds 60 minutes of video , which I think is more than enough .	1 GB of flash memory	neutral
Much cheaper than OEM and the brand is built very wellWould recommend ANKER batteries	batteries	neutral
When I attached the hard drive , the system immediately saw it and assigned a drive letter to it , just as if I connected it directly .	hard drive	neutral
When I attached the hard drive , the system immediately saw it and assigned a drive letter to it , just as if I connected it directly .	system	neutral
I have n't had it long enough to be certain about its durability but it seems very well made .	durability	neutral
I guess it is their adamant 30 % cut and the closely controlled OS platform that keeps people away from writing s/	OS platform	neutral
I did n't experiment with this feature very much .	feature	neutral
YES WINDOWS 8 is a poor upgrade and as I see outside of kids pretty much anyone coming from an earlier ver is struggling but DONT downgrade HP its an MS issue , so outside of this vs SAMSUNG you are getting a much faster computer , the touch pad on the HP is got ripples or indents vs Samsung smooth but guess what the HP is better , Samsung weighs 4 . 2 and HP at 5 .	WINDOWS 8	neutral
YES WINDOWS 8 is a poor upgrade and as I see outside of kids pretty much anyone coming from an earlier ver is struggling but DONT downgrade HP its an MS issue , so outside of this vs SAMSUNG you are getting a much faster computer , the touch pad on the HP is got ripples or indents vs Samsung smooth but guess what the HP is better , Samsung weighs 4 . 2 and HP at 5 .	touch pad	neutral
I noticed some people had problem with WiFi connection , I did not have problem thus far it might be a defect with some series , however I had disconnection of bluetooth which seemed resolved after Lion update .	WiFi connection	neutral
For my workflow , it would be better to access the pop - up menu from the tablet buttons .	pop - up menu	neutral
Nothing like being told to tear apart your laptop and reseat eveything so they can avoid a warranty claim ( and yes I have the call log saved for posterity )	warranty	neutral
The Konnet iPod " Charge and Sync Cable " two Pack is a very good deal for two good quality cables .	Charge and Sync Cable	neutral
I bought this as a ultra - portable for traveling and for light duty email , work processing , internet , etc ...	work processing	neutral
I bought this as a ultra - portable for traveling and for light duty email , work processing , internet , etc ...	internet	neutral
, screen looks good ...	screen	neutral
If you are using any vintage keyboards like the IBM Model M or the Dell AT101W , you need this adapter .	adapter	neutral
The difference in idle CPU temperature is 1 - 2C and when running full load , I see about a 5 - 10C difference in CPU temperature .	idle CPU temperature	neutral
The difference in idle CPU temperature is 1 - 2C and when running full load , I see about a 5 - 10C difference in CPU temperature .	CPU temperature	neutral
I tried the Dual and other bluetooth connected hardware with limited success .	Dual	neutral
I tried the Dual and other bluetooth connected hardware with limited success .	bluetooth connected hardware	neutral
only personal pref 's & usage requirements can be used to rate said OS .	OS	neutral
Razor Gaming Mouse .	Gaming Mouse	neutral
To see if I could get along with a smaller machine I first tried traveling with a $ 200 netbook , which I found to be simply too weak for my needs ; however , I found the light weight and small size to be a major plus , so I went on the prowl for the same kind of form factor in a powerful machine , which led me eventually to the 1380T.	size	neutral
To see if I could get along with a smaller machine I first tried traveling with a $ 200 netbook , which I found to be simply too weak for my needs ; however , I found the light weight and small size to be a major plus , so I went on the prowl for the same kind of form factor in a powerful machine , which led me eventually to the 1380T.	form factor	neutral
and I have n't yet found a fast way to turn the trackpad off when a mouse is connected .	trackpad	neutral
and I have n't yet found a fast way to turn the trackpad off when a mouse is connected .	mouse	neutral
mine:- Canon T2i with attached kit lens ( 18 - 55mm)- Extra	kit lens	neutral
I have encountered frequent problems with Bluetooth streamed audio when using Windows 8 tablets and Windows RT tablets after upgrading to either 8 . 1 or subsequent Microsoft / OEM system updates .	Bluetooth streamed audio	neutral
I have encountered frequent problems with Bluetooth streamed audio when using Windows 8 tablets and Windows RT tablets after upgrading to either 8 . 1 or subsequent Microsoft / OEM system updates .	Windows 8	neutral
I have encountered frequent problems with Bluetooth streamed audio when using Windows 8 tablets and Windows RT tablets after upgrading to either 8 . 1 or subsequent Microsoft / OEM system updates .	Windows RT	neutral
I have encountered frequent problems with Bluetooth streamed audio when using Windows 8 tablets and Windows RT tablets after upgrading to either 8 . 1 or subsequent Microsoft / OEM system updates .	Microsoft	neutral
Yet it 's not unwieldy and can be comfortably carried either by the handle or the convenient shoulder strap .	handle	neutral
Yet it 's not unwieldy and can be comfortably carried either by the handle or the convenient shoulder strap .	shoulder strap	neutral
The actual Baofeng battery also has a small DC jack in the case for what appears to be designed for a cigarette lighter charger / adapter , although I have not tried it yet .	DC jack	neutral
The actual Baofeng battery also has a small DC jack in the case for what appears to be designed for a cigarette lighter charger / adapter , although I have not tried it yet .	cigarette lighter charger / adapter	neutral
I hope google does n't abandon this platform .	platform	neutral
Visitor : so what happens when the battery dies ?	battery	neutral
Due to unfortunate timing I had all of 15 minutes to analyze what currently - shipping new machine provided the best bang for my budget of less than $ 400 .	budget	neutral
Although I still lose my connection more than ' normal ' it only drops for a few moments and then picks up again , just like the laptop .	connection	neutral
Particularly , if you plan to make your new MacBook a dual boot machine -- running both Mac OS and Windows -- you 'll need a larger drive than the 320 GB factory - installed in the base model 13 " MBP .	Windows	neutral
Particularly , if you plan to make your new MacBook a dual boot machine -- running both Mac OS and Windows -- you 'll need a larger drive than the 320 GB factory - installed in the base model 13 " MBP .	drive	neutral
Battery fits perfectly in my HP Pavilion DV2000 .	Battery	neutral
Setup was a breeze .	Setup	neutral
If your Macbook Pro has a slot for this card and does not have an SD card interface .	slot	neutral
If your Macbook Pro has a slot for this card and does not have an SD card interface .	card	neutral
If your Macbook Pro has a slot for this card and does not have an SD card interface .	SD card interface	neutral
I was able to formatted that drive OK .	drive	neutral
The cover 's deep navy or plum background is first topped with thick mauve scribbles and then with thinner script that says " Say Yes " in a vivid orangey - red .	cover	neutral
It also comes with a small bag about the size of a cell phone .	bag	neutral
The old Magnavox played the same movies with perfect color and crisp sharpness , by comparison .	color	neutral
The old Magnavox played the same movies with perfect color and crisp sharpness , by comparison .	sharpness	neutral
Long battery life , good sound , great feature set .	battery life	neutral
Long battery life , good sound , great feature set .	sound	neutral
Long battery life , good sound , great feature set .	feature set	neutral
So while the plug is a standard DC plug , it is not the size typically used for HDD enclosures .	plug	neutral
So while the plug is a standard DC plug , it is not the size typically used for HDD enclosures .	DC plug	neutral
However , it was n't a great quality build .	build	neutral
this is with and without the included software .	included software	neutral
The ez Share card requires an app to transfer photos wirelessly from the camera to a device such as the iPhone or iPad .	ez Share card	neutral
This one looked to be of the same quality and worked for several weeks .	quality	neutral
There 's an 8-in-1 card reader on the front edge and a 1-Megapixel webcam embedded in the display 's upper level .	webcam	neutral
There 's an 8-in-1 card reader on the front edge and a 1-Megapixel webcam embedded in the display 's upper level .	display	neutral
It does fit the Capture tablet but not with the stylus at the same time .	stylus	neutral
Update : I have purchased two of these cables .	cables	neutral
Delivery was on time .	Delivery	neutral
Plus , you are only supplied one power source / wire for	power source	neutral
I click on " change adapter settings " and on that page I try to enable the adapter but it will never enable .	adapter	neutral
I click on " change adapter settings " and on that page I try to enable the adapter but it will never enable .	adapter	neutral
it 's not real carbon fiber casing .	carbon fiber casing	neutral
I bought this because the iPad keyboard / case I owned had closely spaced keys and very small return and shift keys .	keys	neutral
I bought this because the iPad keyboard / case I owned had closely spaced keys and very small return and shift keys .	return	neutral
I bought this because the iPad keyboard / case I owned had closely spaced keys and very small return and shift keys .	shift keys	neutral
Excellent product , Excellent price .	price	neutral
I have many micro fiber cloths from the Oakley ones that come with the glasses to cloths	micro fiber cloths	neutral
The Core i7 makes the whole computer powerful which is what I need , along with the graphics chips .	Core i7	neutral
The Core i7 makes the whole computer powerful which is what I need , along with the graphics chips .	graphics chips	neutral
the fans stopped working not too long after I got this item .	fans	neutral
The install would have gone better if Corsair included directions , it had 10 - 12 bundles of cables , more than I needed for my install .	cables	neutral
( per customer support on the Acer website )	customer support	neutral
Tracking is awesome .	Tracking	neutral
It has no perceptible flex .	flex	neutral
You get a crisp bright display with a decent built - in ATI HD 4200 graphic card , light - scribe DVD drive , and high definition sound .	display	neutral
You get a crisp bright display with a decent built - in ATI HD 4200 graphic card , light - scribe DVD drive , and high definition sound .	ATI HD 4200 graphic card	neutral
You get a crisp bright display with a decent built - in ATI HD 4200 graphic card , light - scribe DVD drive , and high definition sound .	high definition sound	neutral
I will update my review once the external sound card and new speaker is plugged in , and advise how that worked out .	external sound card	neutral
I will update my review once the external sound card and new speaker is plugged in , and advise how that worked out .	speaker	neutral
Some people might think a cable is a cable , but some cables are just so poorly made they wo n't stand up to repeated plugging / unplugging .	cable	neutral
And misplacing small caps must be relatively common because the OCZ website has a link to order replacement caps .	caps	neutral
And misplacing small caps must be relatively common because the OCZ website has a link to order replacement caps .	caps	neutral
Just beware if you have a Dell and are expecting esata to work .	esata	neutral
If you do n't have nonconducting fabric tape , again , electrical tape will do .	fabric tape	neutral
If you do n't have nonconducting fabric tape , again , electrical tape will do .	electrical tape	neutral
It is designed for the student to carry in a backpack and to write papers , create spreadsheets , write and run programs , etc .	spreadsheets	neutral
There are many pockets as well .	pockets	neutral
--I wish this price had been available when I bought my others .	price	neutral
, it works great with the Skype and Google Messenger apps .	Skype	neutral
, it works great with the Skype and Google Messenger apps .	Google Messenger apps	neutral
When the battery was going low , I connected it to the jump drive / charger , which is all magnetic , and kept working while the mouse charged .	battery	neutral
When the battery was going low , I connected it to the jump drive / charger , which is all magnetic , and kept working while the mouse charged .	jump drive / charger	neutral
When the battery was going low , I connected it to the jump drive / charger , which is all magnetic , and kept working while the mouse charged .	mouse	neutral
I have zero faith that any new driver software will fix it .	driver software	neutral
I drive a lot ( cab driver ) , so this SanDisk Cruzer is frequently plugged / unplugged , and subjected to various temperatures , humidity levels , and plenty of vibration .	SanDisk Cruzer	neutral
Runs smoother with faster boot times , faster opening programs , etc .	Runs	neutral
Runs smoother with faster boot times , faster opening programs , etc .	boot times	neutral
Runs smoother with faster boot times , faster opening programs , etc .	opening programs	neutral
powered USB hub and a Cooler Master 3 fan laptop stand and	USB hub	neutral
powered USB hub and a Cooler Master 3 fan laptop stand and	Cooler Master	neutral
powered USB hub and a Cooler Master 3 fan laptop stand and	3 fan	neutral
6 . 3 , hard disk 8	hard disk 8	neutral
Simple to hook up .	hook up	neutral
I wanted a directional mic and this provides great quality as well .	directional mic	neutral
The dock is NOT WORTH $ 124 .	dock	neutral
The touch screen is also great .	touch screen	neutral
In fact , built - in HD speakers in my new laptop are Altec Lansing .	built - in HD speakers	neutral
This LCD cover is a perfect fit for my Nikon D5000 .	LCD cover	neutral
The LED light can be turned on / off and you ca nt see it if your notebook is on top of it .	LED light	neutral
Plugged it into my car , It charged my tablet , my gps and my external drive with any issues !	external drive	neutral
This is the best mouse I 've ever used .	mouse	neutral
This mouse works great and functions properly .	mouse	neutral
It printed effortlessly 3 to 4 pictures on the first charge , but then I did n't use it or charge it for 3 days	charge	neutral
SOLUTION FOR SOME PROBLEMSThe manual was not very helpful for some of the problems I encountered , so I will share some of my solutions with you that worked for me .	manual	neutral
Right within their website they say " This power tip will POWER your notebook , however it will NOT CHARGE THE BATTERY . " .	power tip	neutral
Right within their website they say " This power tip will POWER your notebook , however it will NOT CHARGE THE BATTERY . " .	BATTERY	neutral
All apps that I use for word processing like QuickOffice ( Word docs ) and Google Drive again work flawlessly .	apps	neutral
All apps that I use for word processing like QuickOffice ( Word docs ) and Google Drive again work flawlessly .	word processing	neutral
All apps that I use for word processing like QuickOffice ( Word docs ) and Google Drive again work flawlessly .	QuickOffice	neutral
All apps that I use for word processing like QuickOffice ( Word docs ) and Google Drive again work flawlessly .	Word docs	neutral
All apps that I use for word processing like QuickOffice ( Word docs ) and Google Drive again work flawlessly .	Google Drive	neutral
yeah , I had 1 G RAM on the Vista laptop - pathetic ) .	1 G RAM	neutral
Honestly , what bothered me most was the setup .	setup	neutral
Too often it activates while I 'm only trying to move my pointer on the touchpad.-No internal bluetooth .	touchpad.-No	neutral
Too often it activates while I 'm only trying to move my pointer on the touchpad.-No internal bluetooth .	internal bluetooth	neutral
The Screenbeam is very easy to set up .	Screenbeam	neutral
The Screenbeam is very easy to set up .	set up	neutral
" W " key just fell off for no reason whatsoever !	W " key	neutral
At the time , the 8 Gb was excellent , and could hold more pix than I would ordinarily take .	8 Gb	neutral
I 've already gotten two other people to purchase this BT receiver .	BT receiver	neutral
As a result , if you leave the zipper even a little bit unzipped on the main compartment , the weight of your gear will cause the entire bag to unzip and dump your stuff out .	zipper	neutral
The extension in quite flexible for and position you may desire .	extension	neutral
I can say that if your laptop does fit - this is a quality item made for durability and comfort .	durability	neutral
I can say that if your laptop does fit - this is a quality item made for durability and comfort .	comfort	neutral
for the price , they work but do nt be fooled , they are not exact replacements !	price	neutral
The straps were very neat .	straps	neutral
I do n't have confidence the zippers will last as long as the case .	zippers	neutral
I do n't have confidence the zippers will last as long as the case .	case	neutral
I did n't like the interface withthe tablet .	interface	neutral
The quality of this product is very good under this price range .	quality	neutral
The quality of this product is very good under this price range .	price range	neutral
The best extra feature is that the M185 has an on / off switch .	on / off switch	neutral
I have n't any trouble with that part of the mouse .	mouse	neutral
I did buy a more slim version in another brand , however the fan speed makes a huge difference .	fan speed	neutral
I will add to the 5 star reviews with my input to say that this device and its software performed flawlessly .	software	neutral
They always have a lower price on most anything you want to buy , the shipping is fast and no tax is a huge plus .	price	neutral
They always have a lower price on most anything you want to buy , the shipping is fast and no tax is a huge plus .	shipping	neutral
My Apple Powerbook G4 15 " came last week with an additional 512 MB ram ( 1 GB memory total ) and I have to say	512 MB ram	neutral
It certainly is n't windows7 friendly no matter how I try to install it .	windows7	neutral
I bought this new battery and it has been lasting for about four hours	battery	neutral
And yes , it does NOT have a CD / DVD drive inside ( you may need to buy an external one )	CD / DVD drive	neutral
I like Linksys anyway .	Linksys	neutral
no & # 34;generic&#34 ; drivers used by the OS .	drivers	neutral
no & # 34;generic&#34 ; drivers used by the OS .	OS	neutral
Toshiba has a great product - fast , reliable and cost efficient .	cost	neutral
The touchpad works very well but is a little sensitive .	touchpad	neutral
Skip the Mionet , unless you are really into sharing this drive on the internet .	Mionet	neutral
Minus 1 . 0 for short product life .	product life	neutral
Keyboard etc . are comparable .	Keyboard	neutral
Someone let me use their SONY and it had a tin sound , but the Audio Source gives a full sound , not tinny at all .	Audio Source	neutral
Streaming is a Cloud feature , right ?	Streaming	neutral
Love it ... sometimes I am too lazy to get up and plug it in the docking station to charge .	docking station	neutral
Love it ... sometimes I am too lazy to get up and plug it in the docking station to charge .	charge	neutral
4 ghz core2 duo , 4 gb ram , 13 .	core2 duo	neutral
4 ghz core2 duo , 4 gb ram , 13 .	4	neutral
when I upgraded its memory , I thought it would fix the issue .	memory	neutral
I installed this in an older Dell XPS M1210 laptop , and populated it with 32 GB and 64 GB SanDisk Ultra micro SD cards .	SanDisk Ultra micro SD cards	neutral
But it 's big and heavy and makes my 15 " laptop screen topple over .	screen	neutral
: Uninstall your Antivirus Software ( important ) then RESTART PCStep 9 : Go to Windows Store and upgrade to 8 .	Antivirus Software	neutral
: Uninstall your Antivirus Software ( important ) then RESTART PCStep 9 : Go to Windows Store and upgrade to 8 .	Windows Store	neutral
: Uninstall your Antivirus Software ( important ) then RESTART PCStep 9 : Go to Windows Store and upgrade to 8 .	8	neutral
You can remedy this somewhat by adding some low - profile adhesive rubber feet ( like you 'd find at a craft store ) ...	adhesive	neutral
You can remedy this somewhat by adding some low - profile adhesive rubber feet ( like you 'd find at a craft store ) ...	rubber feet	neutral
I am both pleased with the performance of this laptop as well as the sellers , Tampa Bay ... they are indeed professional and had the computer here in no time it seemed and well packaged .	performance	neutral
The standard SSD allows for a huge jump in performance .	performance	neutral
The chiclet style keyboard has full size keys with good tactile feedback and an intelligent layout .	chiclet style keyboard	neutral
The chiclet style keyboard has full size keys with good tactile feedback and an intelligent layout .	keys	neutral
The chiclet style keyboard has full size keys with good tactile feedback and an intelligent layout .	layout	neutral
The touch screen works pretty good , and is sensitive enough with most Windows problems ( but not all ) .	touch screen	neutral
The touch screen works pretty good , and is sensitive enough with most Windows problems ( but not all ) .	Windows	neutral
I use it a lot to show pictures stored on the handy external SD , but the pictures need to be resized , or they are very slow to load .	external SD	neutral
The keys are a bit small but maybe because I have big hands .	keys	neutral
Hooks into my laptop , and into my smartphone headset ( Skullcandy INK'd Earbuds with In - Line Microphone S2INBI - SZ ( Silver ) ) and it just works .	Microphone S2INBI	neutral
If you 're thinking of gettin a SSD for this or another Lenovo laptop , keep in mind it requires a 7 mm height drive , most of them are	SSD	neutral
Backward compatible with USB 2 . 0 and 1 . 1 .	USB 2 . 0	neutral
And you ca n't beat the price on this ... it is well worth the money ! ! !	price	neutral
( OTOH , you 'll pay about 3X the price of this one . )	price	neutral
so had to buy an additional cable to change from USB to MicroUSB .	cable	neutral
so had to buy an additional cable to change from USB to MicroUSB .	USB	neutral
The only downside is that before 2 weeks of very mild use ( and only used it to transport the laptop one time from NY to Boston and back ) and one of the corners already got ripped .	corners	neutral
Jumpstarter Charging Time : About 4 hrs when connected to either direct power supply or through the USB port of a computer .	Charging Time	neutral
Jumpstarter Charging Time : About 4 hrs when connected to either direct power supply or through the USB port of a computer .	power supply	neutral
Jumpstarter Charging Time : About 4 hrs when connected to either direct power supply or through the USB port of a computer .	USB port	neutral
I just hit the spacebar to get the keys to light back up .	spacebar	neutral
I just hit the spacebar to get the keys to light back up .	keys	neutral
When a cable is connected to the portable speaker 's jack , the speaker turns on , as visible by a very faint green light within the jack and the slight amount of noise coming from the speaker .	cable	neutral
When a cable is connected to the portable speaker 's jack , the speaker turns on , as visible by a very faint green light within the jack and the slight amount of noise coming from the speaker .	jack	neutral
Sony Support has also been excellent , even beyond the warranty period .	Sony Support	neutral
Sony Support has also been excellent , even beyond the warranty period .	warranty period	neutral
333 MB / sSequential Write :	Write	neutral
Extra speakers would be a nice option for the price .	speakers	neutral
Extra speakers would be a nice option for the price .	price	neutral
This organizer is just fantastic , I was able to organize everything in my bag on a single organizer .	organizer	neutral
This organizer is just fantastic , I was able to organize everything in my bag on a single organizer .	organizer	neutral
You probably already have something laying around that fits the WD drive as well as this .	WD drive	neutral
If you 're using this at home and the office , you 'll need at least one Airport Extreme to get your WiFi going .	Airport Extreme	neutral
It 's made out of vinyl and nylon throughout , and only two handles and small clamp holders on the sides and on the shoulder belt are made of leather .	handles	neutral
It 's made out of vinyl and nylon throughout , and only two handles and small clamp holders on the sides and on the shoulder belt are made of leather .	clamp holders	neutral
It 's made out of vinyl and nylon throughout , and only two handles and small clamp holders on the sides and on the shoulder belt are made of leather .	shoulder belt	neutral
Horrible Sony customer service .	Sony customer service	neutral
AdapterThis product was far cheaper and physically smaller than the Belkin adapter .	AdapterThis	neutral
AdapterThis product was far cheaper and physically smaller than the Belkin adapter .	Belkin adapter	neutral
Watching videos is nice as long as you 're the only one viewing and can angle the screen for the best viewing .	screen	neutral
Price is right when on sale .	Price	neutral
The screen is big and beautiful and it seems fast .	screen	neutral
Almost every laptop these days come with bunch of pre installed unnecessarydemo and spam software so first thing to do is clean you new computer leaving noting elsebut microsoft and asus programs .	spam software	neutral
Almost every laptop these days come with bunch of pre installed unnecessarydemo and spam software so first thing to do is clean you new computer leaving noting elsebut microsoft and asus programs .	microsoft	neutral
I installed Ubuntu 12 . 04 and XBMC and the install went very quickly .	Ubuntu 12 . 04	neutral
I installed Ubuntu 12 . 04 and XBMC and the install went very quickly .	XBMC	neutral
For that matter , if you 've installed some HDDs in external enclosures and realize how enjoyable that can be , you will find this unit a real blessing .	external enclosures	neutral
Altho the box says you can plug in other Kindle models for sound , from what I can tell , you 'd need to buy some kind of adapter .	sound	neutral
Altho the box says you can plug in other Kindle models for sound , from what I can tell , you 'd need to buy some kind of adapter .	adapter	neutral
i. e on the laptop and separate drive .	drive	neutral
They could have just called it " Sony BluRay Player " but no , go figure!).All	BluRay Player	neutral
It is both a pen control device , which I prefer for working in software like Photoshop , AND it 's a large touchpad , much like the trackpad in the MacBook Pro . Extensively customizable , it operates on a similar principle with multi - touch gestures that are highly configurable .	pen control device	neutral
It is both a pen control device , which I prefer for working in software like Photoshop , AND it 's a large touchpad , much like the trackpad in the MacBook Pro . Extensively customizable , it operates on a similar principle with multi - touch gestures that are highly configurable .	software	neutral
It is both a pen control device , which I prefer for working in software like Photoshop , AND it 's a large touchpad , much like the trackpad in the MacBook Pro . Extensively customizable , it operates on a similar principle with multi - touch gestures that are highly configurable .	Photoshop	neutral
It is both a pen control device , which I prefer for working in software like Photoshop , AND it 's a large touchpad , much like the trackpad in the MacBook Pro . Extensively customizable , it operates on a similar principle with multi - touch gestures that are highly configurable .	touchpad	neutral
It is both a pen control device , which I prefer for working in software like Photoshop , AND it 's a large touchpad , much like the trackpad in the MacBook Pro . Extensively customizable , it operates on a similar principle with multi - touch gestures that are highly configurable .	trackpad	neutral
It is both a pen control device , which I prefer for working in software like Photoshop , AND it 's a large touchpad , much like the trackpad in the MacBook Pro . Extensively customizable , it operates on a similar principle with multi - touch gestures that are highly configurable .	multi - touch gestures	neutral
The two keys at the bottom of it are actually part of the whole keypad surface .	keys	neutral
The two keys at the bottom of it are actually part of the whole keypad surface .	keypad surface	neutral
I just love the light pink color as well .	color	neutral
A spare lens or two would fit into the spaces left in the middle section and you could put other stuff ( or your lunch ) in the top section .	lens	neutral
gb Ram upgrade	gb Ram upgrade	neutral
My Apple EarPods sound much better when plugged into this unit than the ear buds that came with it .	ear buds	neutral
The sound is good and very strong .	sound	neutral
It seems though , that you need to set it up each time you want to use dual monitors , but I could be wrong .	monitors	neutral
IMHO , PS3 is still the best bluray player out there ( beware of bluetooth only remote for PS3 if you love your universal remote ) + gaming and DLNA which is missing from this TV , so you get it all .	bluray	neutral
IMHO , PS3 is still the best bluray player out there ( beware of bluetooth only remote for PS3 if you love your universal remote ) + gaming and DLNA which is missing from this TV , so you get it all .	bluetooth only remote	neutral
IMHO , PS3 is still the best bluray player out there ( beware of bluetooth only remote for PS3 if you love your universal remote ) + gaming and DLNA which is missing from this TV , so you get it all .	gaming	neutral
IMHO , PS3 is still the best bluray player out there ( beware of bluetooth only remote for PS3 if you love your universal remote ) + gaming and DLNA which is missing from this TV , so you get it all .	DLNA	neutral
Yeah , it holds a laptop , but it 's ugly and the straps are extremely uncomfortable .	straps	neutral
For XP , plugged it in and installed with drivers with included CD and for Windows 7 just plugged it in and it installed itself .	XP	neutral
For XP , plugged it in and installed with drivers with included CD and for Windows 7 just plugged it in and it installed itself .	drivers	neutral
For XP , plugged it in and installed with drivers with included CD and for Windows 7 just plugged it in and it installed itself .	Windows 7	neutral
It it 's not just move the jumper until you figure out the right setting for it .	jumper	neutral
It worked fine surfing the net or light computing and would last for hours .	surfing the net	neutral
Needs a mini usb to usb adapter if you do not have a standard usb on your tablet .	mini usb to usb adapter	neutral
It also comes with " HP Protect Smart " - when your notebook is accidentally dropped , the hard drive is protected because of the design inside .	HP Protect Smart	neutral
It also comes with " HP Protect Smart " - when your notebook is accidentally dropped , the hard drive is protected because of the design inside .	hard drive	neutral
It also comes with " HP Protect Smart " - when your notebook is accidentally dropped , the hard drive is protected because of the design inside .	design	neutral
It is comfortable and the handle lets you slip it off of your shoulders and comfortably hold it , allowing you to slip into a crowded subway car or bus	handle	neutral
I purchased the 32 bit Windows 7 version for the old HP and I ca n't tell the difference even with the HP having a CPU with 1/2 the speed .	32 bit	neutral
I purchased the 32 bit Windows 7 version for the old HP and I ca n't tell the difference even with the HP having a CPU with 1/2 the speed .	Windows 7 version	neutral
I purchased the 32 bit Windows 7 version for the old HP and I ca n't tell the difference even with the HP having a CPU with 1/2 the speed .	CPU	neutral
I purchased the 32 bit Windows 7 version for the old HP and I ca n't tell the difference even with the HP having a CPU with 1/2 the speed .	speed	neutral
After much research and shopping , I picked up my HP G7 laptop at Staples for the unheard of price of $ 399 after $ 50 rebate ( president 's day sale ) .	price	neutral
My hard drive duplicating set is now complete and works very well for my purposes of making clone backups of my computer hard drives ( both IDE legacy systems and SATA systems).I highly recommend the combination of this duplicator and the 2 cables because the combination now allows me to backup clone my hard drives without having to remove them from the computer .	hard drive	neutral
My hard drive duplicating set is now complete and works very well for my purposes of making clone backups of my computer hard drives ( both IDE legacy systems and SATA systems).I highly recommend the combination of this duplicator and the 2 cables because the combination now allows me to backup clone my hard drives without having to remove them from the computer .	hard drives	neutral
Actually drops temps .	temps	neutral
Opened the case , popped the card in , plugged in power and the 19 pin connector to front of case .	power	neutral
Opened the case , popped the card in , plugged in power and the 19 pin connector to front of case .	19 pin connector	neutral
I made work the following day and it worked for maybe 5 min . and card light goes off again .	card	neutral
Sped up my computer considerably , especially when multitasking .	multitasking	neutral
The speakers are decent .	speakers	neutral
To open the support leg you need to open clasp at the bottom first .	support leg	neutral
I also wo n't be adding MS Office products .	MS Office products	neutral
This one works , but If I had it to do over , I would probably get a different case .	case	neutral
The problem is a hole has opened up at the point where the seam for the main handle connects to the seam for the zipper for the TSA compartment .	seam for the main handle	neutral
The problem is a hole has opened up at the point where the seam for the main handle connects to the seam for the zipper for the TSA compartment .	zipper for	neutral
The problem is a hole has opened up at the point where the seam for the main handle connects to the seam for the zipper for the TSA compartment .	TSA compartment	neutral
Nice design , but the engineering seems offer .	design	neutral
Nice design , but the engineering seems offer .	engineering	neutral
wifi range is not stellar , but good enough ( I have a very weak wifi signal at my office , which one of my other laptops can barely connect to )	wifi range	neutral
One small minor thing that I did n't like is the label sticking out from the case .	label	neutral
One small minor thing that I did n't like is the label sticking out from the case .	case	neutral
It 's expensive to produce this kind of light rigidity ( no one else machines their laptops from aircraft grade aluminum ) , but it turns out to be indispensable for a workhorse portable .	rigidity	neutral
I have close to 4 hours of life when on full charge .	charge	neutral
I also concur that the sound / speaker was inadequate .	sound / speaker	neutral
This replacement worked perfectly , was easy to install , and as a bonus came in a matte finish instead of glossy ...	install	neutral
This replacement worked perfectly , was easy to install , and as a bonus came in a matte finish instead of glossy ...	finish	neutral
So the bottom line here is simple : if you will use the machine mostly with a monitor and use the built - in screen occasionally , get the 11 " .	monitor	neutral
The padding pretty much wore down 4 years in	padding	neutral
This cable is no different .	cable	neutral
I was looking for a portable rechargeable plus ac Bluetooth speaker that was waterproof	rechargeable plus ac Bluetooth speaker	neutral
simply plugging it in I found it did everything I needed a mouse to do without even installing the included software .	mouse	neutral
Using the keyboard extends both the functionalityand battery life .	keyboard	neutral
Using the keyboard extends both the functionalityand battery life .	functionalityand	neutral
Using the keyboard extends both the functionalityand battery life .	battery life	neutral
Does what it was intended to do very well , best set of laptop speakers on the market right now .	speakers	neutral
it have given me no problems and works fine so far .	works	neutral
Then I tried using the Logitech USB dongle which comes with the Z515 .	Logitech USB dongle	neutral
Imagine that , a wonderful little feature packed netbook for just $ 28	feature	neutral
I highly recommend these speakers .	speakers	neutral
I 'm looking for something else , because of the design flaw and durability issues .	design	neutral
I 'm looking for something else , because of the design flaw and durability issues .	durability	neutral
I do , however , wish I 'd gone for the one with the 3 ' cord rather than the 1 ' cord .	3 ' cord	neutral
I have a USB hub , but the portable hubs do not come with AC power cords to power the ports so they are mostly useless .	USB hub	neutral
I have a USB hub , but the portable hubs do not come with AC power cords to power the ports so they are mostly useless .	AC power cords	neutral
I have a USB hub , but the portable hubs do not come with AC power cords to power the ports so they are mostly useless .	ports	neutral
Smaller than OE came with keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Blue light came back on and charged the battery up in no time .	battery	neutral
It never ceases to amaze me how some people rate a product down when the problem is actually with the hardware they are using it in or their own lack of knowledge on how to use it .	hardware	neutral
Excelent mouse , great control , perfect to do presentations!!The scroll is very sensitive ...	mouse	neutral
Excelent mouse , great control , perfect to do presentations!!The scroll is very sensitive ...	control	neutral
Excelent mouse , great control , perfect to do presentations!!The scroll is very sensitive ...	scroll	neutral
When that one fell and broke the screen I knew I had to get myself another !	screen	neutral
Great protection with minimal weight / bulk .	weight	neutral
Great protection with minimal weight / bulk .	bulk	neutral
On the other hand for the price I guess you really ca n't complain much .	price	neutral
it charges fast , and is a good charger .	charges	neutral
it charges fast , and is a good charger .	charger	neutral
Overall I am extremely pleased with the Logitech VX Nano cordless laser mouse .	cordless laser mouse	neutral
To get it to macro - focus , you have to move in slowly , and the object needs some detail , or it just loses it and goes back to infinity .	macro - focus	neutral
The quality of the video is pretty much perfect , although we only have a 41&#34 ; screen .	video	neutral
It 's what I was looking for , something cheap , really good and nice for java programming .	java programming	neutral
It 's exactly what was needed to work with my tablet and a keyboard / leather case for the tablet .	keyboard /	neutral
It 's exactly what was needed to work with my tablet and a keyboard / leather case for the tablet .	leather case	neutral
Other than that it boots fast , sleaky design , very thin , and good screen .	boots	neutral
Other than that it boots fast , sleaky design , very thin , and good screen .	design	neutral
Other than that it boots fast , sleaky design , very thin , and good screen .	screen	neutral
It comes designed with non - slip pads to help keep the laptop in position above the fans located within the mat .	fans	neutral
It comes designed with non - slip pads to help keep the laptop in position above the fans located within the mat .	mat	neutral
The power source did not stay connected , the battery dies quickly for no reason , and the customer service is extremely disappointing when it comes to fixing this .	power source	neutral
The power source did not stay connected , the battery dies quickly for no reason , and the customer service is extremely disappointing when it comes to fixing this .	battery	neutral
The power source did not stay connected , the battery dies quickly for no reason , and the customer service is extremely disappointing when it comes to fixing this .	customer service	neutral
They pick up the radio stations pretty good and the ability to play music off of a memory chip is a nice feature .	memory chip	neutral
They pick up the radio stations pretty good and the ability to play music off of a memory chip is a nice feature .	feature	neutral
It 's a power cord .	power cord	neutral
Still a great little USB stick at a decent price , my wife prefers USB Sticks over SDXC micro cards	USB stick	neutral
Still a great little USB stick at a decent price , my wife prefers USB Sticks over SDXC micro cards	price	neutral
Still a great little USB stick at a decent price , my wife prefers USB Sticks over SDXC micro cards	USB Sticks	neutral
Still a great little USB stick at a decent price , my wife prefers USB Sticks over SDXC micro cards	SDXC micro cards	neutral
Ca n't beat the price for an actual HP brand charger .	price	neutral
What most other reviewers of these speakers have failed to note is that , as for most speakers , placement is critical , to a greater or lesser extent .	speakers	neutral
What most other reviewers of these speakers have failed to note is that , as for most speakers , placement is critical , to a greater or lesser extent .	speakers	neutral
What most other reviewers of these speakers have failed to note is that , as for most speakers , placement is critical , to a greater or lesser extent .	placement	neutral
Good value and quality considering its not from the manufacturer .	quality	neutral
Its slimmer , lighter , does not need energy and cost about the same if not less then all the other top name company cooling fans out there that seem to break down easily because of the moving parts .	cost	neutral
Its slimmer , lighter , does not need energy and cost about the same if not less then all the other top name company cooling fans out there that seem to break down easily because of the moving parts .	cooling fans	neutral
The Microsoft Mouse was too big .	Microsoft Mouse	neutral
The pullout mouse pad is a clever idea .	pullout mouse pad	neutral
The pass - though USB cord has issues too ...	pass - though USB cord	neutral
I got a faulty wire , but still .	wire	neutral
What follows is a description of the SanDisk Cruzer Micro with U3 , followed by a description of my interactions with CompUSA .	SanDisk Cruzer Micro with U3	neutral
It has a magnet at the bottom which holds the adaptor in place when not in use .	magnet	neutral
It has a magnet at the bottom which holds the adaptor in place when not in use .	adaptor	neutral
The One Key Theater button helps with making this experience even better .	One Key Theater button	neutral
Control layoutI think the layout is okay .	Control layoutI	neutral
Control layoutI think the layout is okay .	layout	neutral
( Integrated)*4 GB DDR3 RAM*320 G Hard Drive*HDMI port*Keyboard ( quiet , very nice play and solid feel with no diving / caving while typing -- unlike my Toshiba Satellite)*Mouse Pad ( very responsive and non - erratic)*Design / Beauty*Very solid feel -- no flexing or creasing of any sortCons*Single Core processor*No '	Beauty*Very	neutral
Thick / long lanyard .	lanyard	neutral
It has nice Asian languages input keyboards ( in the Transformer , but this keyboard maximizes the potential).I with there 's a indicator diagram showing what each of the short - cut keys are for .	keyboards	neutral
It has nice Asian languages input keyboards ( in the Transformer , but this keyboard maximizes the potential).I with there 's a indicator diagram showing what each of the short - cut keys are for .	keyboard	neutral
It has nice Asian languages input keyboards ( in the Transformer , but this keyboard maximizes the potential).I with there 's a indicator diagram showing what each of the short - cut keys are for .	keys	neutral
I would recommend if you plan to purchase this item , you look for some way to protect the screen from scratches .	screen	neutral
The subwoofer fit under my desk , and I put the two satellite speakers on either side of my laptop .	subwoofer	neutral
however , i thought the color of the left screen was warm but the color of the right screen was cold .	color	neutral
however , i thought the color of the left screen was warm but the color of the right screen was cold .	left screen	neutral
however , i thought the color of the left screen was warm but the color of the right screen was cold .	color	neutral
however , i thought the color of the left screen was warm but the color of the right screen was cold .	right screen	neutral
There is NO option to connect existing or future Firewire products to the new aluminum Macbook .	Firewire	neutral
Overall I 'd give it 3 . 5 stars , because it 's a good bang for the buck and the cheapest 1 TB NAS solution out there , crippled by bad software .	1 TB NAS solution	neutral
Overall I 'd give it 3 . 5 stars , because it 's a good bang for the buck and the cheapest 1 TB NAS solution out there , crippled by bad software .	software	neutral
The installation was a bit tricky because I tend to just go straight to plugging it in rather than reading the instructions .	installation	neutral
plus they usually are limited in the number of USB connections you can have ...	USB connections	neutral
I 'm not sure why some with different designs cost a lot more and I got the least expensive one I could find on Amazon .	designs	neutral
I 'm not sure why some with different designs cost a lot more and I got the least expensive one I could find on Amazon .	cost	neutral
Luckily the bag comes with a waterproof cover !	waterproof cover	neutral
My Dell 15R has a 15 . 6 inch screen and fits perfectly in the case .	15	neutral
SpeakerThe speaker sound quality is actually better than I expected although It 's not as loud or strong , but It 's still great .	SpeakerThe	neutral
SpeakerThe speaker sound quality is actually better than I expected although It 's not as loud or strong , but It 's still great .	speaker sound quality	neutral
Nice price , slips into computer bag with ease , very responsive ( no lag like my wireless and Bluetooth mice ) - plus no batteries to tangle with .	price	neutral
Nice price , slips into computer bag with ease , very responsive ( no lag like my wireless and Bluetooth mice ) - plus no batteries to tangle with .	batteries	neutral
This hard plastic cover goes on easy and fits like a glove .	hard plastic cover	neutral
So I started looking for a good portable speaker system I could either insert the iPad into or would communicate with the unit wirelessly .	speaker system	neutral
I love this sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
Also the original does not charge the iphone , and since I recently got an iPhone , I figured it was time to upgrade .	charge	neutral
After just 2 weeks there seems to be some issues with this battery and my son has gone back to the original battery which did not have any problems except for capacity .	battery	neutral
After just 2 weeks there seems to be some issues with this battery and my son has gone back to the original battery which did not have any problems except for capacity .	battery	neutral
After just 2 weeks there seems to be some issues with this battery and my son has gone back to the original battery which did not have any problems except for capacity .	capacity	neutral
I like the color and the ease of using but the holes for the different places to attach something to ipad and the camera do n't exactly line up .	color	neutral
I like the color and the ease of using but the holes for the different places to attach something to ipad and the camera do n't exactly line up .	using	neutral
I like the color and the ease of using but the holes for the different places to attach something to ipad and the camera do n't exactly line up .	camera	neutral
I have this adapter plugged into the tape deck adapter and the cord from the tape adapter is neatly wound up around the miccus and tucked away in the ashtray .	tape deck adapter	neutral
I have this adapter plugged into the tape deck adapter and the cord from the tape adapter is neatly wound up around the miccus and tucked away in the ashtray .	cord	neutral
I have this adapter plugged into the tape deck adapter and the cord from the tape adapter is neatly wound up around the miccus and tucked away in the ashtray .	tape adapter	neutral
I have this adapter plugged into the tape deck adapter and the cord from the tape adapter is neatly wound up around the miccus and tucked away in the ashtray .	miccus	neutral
This is the perfect MP3 player for the gym .	MP3	neutral
I do n't know if its my imagination but the battery seems to charge up rather quickly .	battery	neutral
For a while the tablet and dock worked really well .	dock	neutral
Since the TV and TV box are in a bedroom I appreciated the five foot cables on both devices .	five	neutral
Back cover can be used with SD card in place to protect the card -- in effect becoming a slightly fat thumb drive -- or you can use it to store an extra SD card .	Back cover	neutral
Back cover can be used with SD card in place to protect the card -- in effect becoming a slightly fat thumb drive -- or you can use it to store an extra SD card .	SD card	neutral
Back cover can be used with SD card in place to protect the card -- in effect becoming a slightly fat thumb drive -- or you can use it to store an extra SD card .	thumb drive	neutral
Back cover can be used with SD card in place to protect the card -- in effect becoming a slightly fat thumb drive -- or you can use it to store an extra SD card .	SD card	neutral
This one is gold plated so that no longer happens and the sounds quality is great .	sounds quality	neutral
It 's not a powerhouse with only a Core i3 low - voltage processor , 4 GB RAM and the standard integrated Intel HD4000 graphics card , but it never really seems to struggle doing everyday things like surfing , word processing , watching HD videos etc .	Core i3	neutral
It 's not a powerhouse with only a Core i3 low - voltage processor , 4 GB RAM and the standard integrated Intel HD4000 graphics card , but it never really seems to struggle doing everyday things like surfing , word processing , watching HD videos etc .	4 GB RAM	neutral
It 's not a powerhouse with only a Core i3 low - voltage processor , 4 GB RAM and the standard integrated Intel HD4000 graphics card , but it never really seems to struggle doing everyday things like surfing , word processing , watching HD videos etc .	Intel HD4000 graphics card	neutral
It 's not a powerhouse with only a Core i3 low - voltage processor , 4 GB RAM and the standard integrated Intel HD4000 graphics card , but it never really seems to struggle doing everyday things like surfing , word processing , watching HD videos etc .	surfing	neutral
It 's not a powerhouse with only a Core i3 low - voltage processor , 4 GB RAM and the standard integrated Intel HD4000 graphics card , but it never really seems to struggle doing everyday things like surfing , word processing , watching HD videos etc .	word processing	neutral
Like everyone else said , there is minimal padding ( but there is padding ) at the bottom of the laptop .	padding	neutral
and the built in battery is a bonus	built in battery	neutral
The cameras body needs a slightly better design and should be slightly smaller like a lot of the other HD cameras since this does not do anything that those do not .	cameras body	neutral
The cameras body needs a slightly better design and should be slightly smaller like a lot of the other HD cameras since this does not do anything that those do not .	design	neutral
This is a sturdy case for your netbook .	case	neutral
This is where the superior processor of the 750 comes in ) .	processor	neutral
I greatly prefer the softer padding of the old Eagle Creek travel strap .	padding	neutral
I greatly prefer the softer padding of the old Eagle Creek travel strap .	travel strap	neutral
I know some say the right shift key has been improved , but I still prefer a giant right shift key , not a small one .	right shift key	neutral
I know some say the right shift key has been improved , but I still prefer a giant right shift key , not a small one .	right shift key	neutral
One major disappointment is the lack of a 1394 port , which I use for my video camera .	1394 port	neutral
One major disappointment is the lack of a 1394 port , which I use for my video camera .	video camera	neutral
Although I have a Samsung LCD , the vertical and horizontal viewing angles are not nearly as good as on my 2011 MBP 17 " .	viewing angles	neutral
Bought this battery for my daughter 's laptop .	battery	neutral
Fast forward two months later and none of the places around us have Bluetooth speakers besides a very large chain store ; the one they had was a Tango TRX ; it was designed for use with an Apple Ipod , Ipad , Iphone but did come with BT connectivity .	Bluetooth speakers	neutral
Fast forward two months later and none of the places around us have Bluetooth speakers besides a very large chain store ; the one they had was a Tango TRX ; it was designed for use with an Apple Ipod , Ipad , Iphone but did come with BT connectivity .	BT connectivity	neutral
AUDIO QUALITYNow , this is where the speaker SHINES .	AUDIO QUALITYNow	neutral
AUDIO QUALITYNow , this is where the speaker SHINES .	speaker	neutral
In any case , I think a cooling pad is an excellent investment , especially if you have a laptop that does n't cool itself particularly well .	cooling pad	neutral
but if your default speakers are broken and you do n't feel like shipping them out to get fixed and want a cheap replacement , look no further .	speakers	neutral
The on / off switch on this mouse does n't work .	on / off switch	neutral
The on / off switch on this mouse does n't work .	mouse	neutral
Still , for half the price of Apple 's replacement , it is a great deal .	price	neutral
These are nice speakers for my teacher computer / desk .	speakers	neutral
/OEM win 7	win 7	neutral
It is well made , reliable , and does a great job of cooling my 17&#34 ; gaming laptop !	cooling	neutral
These are the easiest way to add additional monitors to laptops and/or desktops without expensive video cards for sure !	monitors	neutral
These are the easiest way to add additional monitors to laptops and/or desktops without expensive video cards for sure !	video cards	neutral
I am only running google chat and surfing the web .	google chat	neutral
I am only running google chat and surfing the web .	surfing the web	neutral
This has some nice new features , including the audio support through the mini displayport and longer battery life .	features	neutral
This has some nice new features , including the audio support through the mini displayport and longer battery life .	audio support	neutral
This has some nice new features , including the audio support through the mini displayport and longer battery life .	mini displayport	neutral
This has some nice new features , including the audio support through the mini displayport and longer battery life .	battery life	neutral
I have an ultrabook that does not have its own CD or DVD drive .	CD or DVD drive	neutral
The unit does come with a couple spare screws , which is nice .	screws	neutral
but I have to say that I do n't like how the outside feels .	outside	neutral
Because it has a large strip of velcro and no zipper , it could probably fit a larget tablet if need be .	velcro	neutral
Because it has a large strip of velcro and no zipper , it could probably fit a larget tablet if need be .	zipper	neutral
the oem battery in our lenovo	battery	neutral
If I 'd get a bit more airflow from this fan , it would definitely be a 5 star .	fan	neutral
Also the flash drive I used was a generic 32 GB flash drive I got for $ 15 .	flash drive	neutral
Also the flash drive I used was a generic 32 GB flash drive I got for $ 15 .	32 GB flash drive	neutral
Still , I imagine most users will find the 16 GB sufficient .	16 GB	neutral
It paired easily and works flawlessly .	works	neutral
The problem is Amazon uses a 3rd party shipping company that is n't that great at delieveries .	shipping company	neutral
The problem is Amazon uses a 3rd party shipping company that is n't that great at delieveries .	delieveries	neutral
Menus are iconic and rich text based and quite intuitiveFeatures I didn't:1 .	Menus	neutral
m Bose QC3 headphones , my camera , mouse , garmin 255w GPS , connection cables , power supplies , external DVD R / W unit , file folders , keys , pens , etc , and it has 3 special compartments , one on the top front to place your MP3 player , wit a hole for the headphones , one on the side that I use for my medicines and dome TSA Approved loks for the other bagagge .	mouse	neutral
m Bose QC3 headphones , my camera , mouse , garmin 255w GPS , connection cables , power supplies , external DVD R / W unit , file folders , keys , pens , etc , and it has 3 special compartments , one on the top front to place your MP3 player , wit a hole for the headphones , one on the side that I use for my medicines and dome TSA Approved loks for the other bagagge .	connection cables	neutral
m Bose QC3 headphones , my camera , mouse , garmin 255w GPS , connection cables , power supplies , external DVD R / W unit , file folders , keys , pens , etc , and it has 3 special compartments , one on the top front to place your MP3 player , wit a hole for the headphones , one on the side that I use for my medicines and dome TSA Approved loks for the other bagagge .	power supplies	neutral
m Bose QC3 headphones , my camera , mouse , garmin 255w GPS , connection cables , power supplies , external DVD R / W unit , file folders , keys , pens , etc , and it has 3 special compartments , one on the top front to place your MP3 player , wit a hole for the headphones , one on the side that I use for my medicines and dome TSA Approved loks for the other bagagge .	external	neutral
m Bose QC3 headphones , my camera , mouse , garmin 255w GPS , connection cables , power supplies , external DVD R / W unit , file folders , keys , pens , etc , and it has 3 special compartments , one on the top front to place your MP3 player , wit a hole for the headphones , one on the side that I use for my medicines and dome TSA Approved loks for the other bagagge .	DVD R / W unit	neutral
m Bose QC3 headphones , my camera , mouse , garmin 255w GPS , connection cables , power supplies , external DVD R / W unit , file folders , keys , pens , etc , and it has 3 special compartments , one on the top front to place your MP3 player , wit a hole for the headphones , one on the side that I use for my medicines and dome TSA Approved loks for the other bagagge .	headphones	neutral
That can be a challenge when I 'm traveling , although if I have a laptop it 's possible to recharge the iPhone via the laptop 's USB port -- as long as the laptop has enough power to spare .	USB port	neutral
That can be a challenge when I 'm traveling , although if I have a laptop it 's possible to recharge the iPhone via the laptop 's USB port -- as long as the laptop has enough power to spare .	power	neutral
Well , the product fits perfectly on my MacBook Pro , every port and DVD drive are completely usable , the small stands in the back give it a nice angle to work , and you can leave them flat if you want .	port	neutral
Well , the product fits perfectly on my MacBook Pro , every port and DVD drive are completely usable , the small stands in the back give it a nice angle to work , and you can leave them flat if you want .	DVD drive	neutral
Well , the product fits perfectly on my MacBook Pro , every port and DVD drive are completely usable , the small stands in the back give it a nice angle to work , and you can leave them flat if you want .	stands	neutral
Now that I have both batteries however , that 's 6 hours .	batteries	neutral
From what little I 've seen so far , recharge time is about 4 hours , when the laptop is running .	recharge time	neutral
Very clean design , fantastic sound and crisp display .	design	neutral
Very clean design , fantastic sound and crisp display .	sound	neutral
Very clean design , fantastic sound and crisp display .	display	neutral
Unfortunately , it means that optical and laser mice do n't work on it without a mousepad ,	optical	neutral
Unfortunately , it means that optical and laser mice do n't work on it without a mousepad ,	laser mice	neutral
Unfortunately , it means that optical and laser mice do n't work on it without a mousepad ,	mousepad	neutral
However , when it came time to purchase a UPS for my home equipment , it was hard to ignore the price and availability of this APC unit .	price	neutral
The bag is unique in having nice and usable pockets on the four sides .	pockets	neutral
You can download a utility ( Intel SSD Toolbox ) that can be used to keep the drive in prime condition including TRIM .	Intel SSD Toolbox	neutral
You can download a utility ( Intel SSD Toolbox ) that can be used to keep the drive in prime condition including TRIM .	drive	neutral
It 's durable finish , great cooling - yes its warm to the touch , but by no means will you burn yourself as others have suggested in past reviews of their previous version of this powerbook .	finish	neutral
It 's durable finish , great cooling - yes its warm to the touch , but by no means will you burn yourself as others have suggested in past reviews of their previous version of this powerbook .	cooling	neutral
The camera worked great right out of the box .	camera	neutral
Great deal for the price .	price	neutral
The brushed magnesium finsh is really groovy !	brushed magnesium finsh	neutral
Touchscreen works great so far and processor is fast and quiet .	Touchscreen	neutral
Touchscreen works great so far and processor is fast and quiet .	processor	neutral
If they had done a better trackpad I probably would 've gone with the Surface Pro 2 simply because I really loved the first version I had .	trackpad	neutral
Watching video 's from hard drive is a different story , they play rather well , they do n't suffer like those online videos .	hard drive	neutral
Watching video 's from hard drive is a different story , they play rather well , they do n't suffer like those online videos .	play	neutral
Either way , great product at a nominal price .	price	neutral
I use this hub in ac - powered mode with my Raspberry Pi .	ac - powered	neutral
I chose this battery because it was the cheapest solution from a trusted source ( Amazon ) that I could find .	battery	neutral
Completely satisfied with the product and the faster response of my laptop .	response	neutral
My brother bought this for his wife so she could enjoy touch screen	touch screen	neutral
I have 70 games in my Steam Library .	games	neutral
Build quality is just fine .	Build quality	neutral
After putting anything back together , the computer recognized & passed the additional memory , Windows booted up without problems , has lots of spare memory for the memory hungry programs , and everybody 's happy .	memory	neutral
After putting anything back together , the computer recognized & passed the additional memory , Windows booted up without problems , has lots of spare memory for the memory hungry programs , and everybody 's happy .	Windows	neutral
After putting anything back together , the computer recognized & passed the additional memory , Windows booted up without problems , has lots of spare memory for the memory hungry programs , and everybody 's happy .	memory	neutral
After putting anything back together , the computer recognized & passed the additional memory , Windows booted up without problems , has lots of spare memory for the memory hungry programs , and everybody 's happy .	memory	neutral
After putting anything back together , the computer recognized & passed the additional memory , Windows booted up without problems , has lots of spare memory for the memory hungry programs , and everybody 's happy .	programs	neutral
The knock off generated a great deal of radio frequency interference , so much that the laptop 's touch pad and other keyboard controls were affected as well as nearby TV 's .	touch pad	neutral
The knock off generated a great deal of radio frequency interference , so much that the laptop 's touch pad and other keyboard controls were affected as well as nearby TV 's .	keyboard controls	neutral
You may have to turn down both the computer 's master volume setting as well as the apps volume ( like in iTunes ) to get a level low enough for a environment like an office cubicle or at home at night .	apps volume	neutral
AS GOOD ASTHE BATTERY	BATTERY	neutral
I bought this for a new widescreen 15 .	widescreen	neutral
Compared to the overpriced Monster cables , this is equally good if not better .	Monster cables	neutral
The Sharx instructions give you complete details for setting up the camera through your phone 's web browser , but I found it to be a huge pain to do .	Sharx instructions	neutral
The Sharx instructions give you complete details for setting up the camera through your phone 's web browser , but I found it to be a huge pain to do .	camera	neutral
I do n't always use the Safely Remove Hardware function , I just make sure the light is n't blinking when I remove the drive .	drive	neutral
I really like this keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
NEVER again with Asus , due to service .	service	neutral
For some reason while the product documentation says the KVM switches automatically to the other computer when you switch one off , I have n't seen that happen for me .	KVM	neutral
The outside zippered pocket hold my Kindle and has interior pockets making sundry items easily accessible .	zippered pocket	neutral
The outside zippered pocket hold my Kindle and has interior pockets making sundry items easily accessible .	pockets	neutral
works great and you ca n't beat the price .	works	neutral
works great and you ca n't beat the price .	price	neutral
Keep in mind that this is a single core low energy Intel processor .	processor	neutral
Ran CCleaner to make sure it was uninstalled , and then ran the same program in the registry to make sure nothing was left over .	CCleaner	neutral
Ran CCleaner to make sure it was uninstalled , and then ran the same program in the registry to make sure nothing was left over .	program	neutral
No i did nt notice any bleeding on my ASUS and sound was good ... was not expecting surround sound	sound	neutral
No i did nt notice any bleeding on my ASUS and sound was good ... was not expecting surround sound	surround sound	neutral
For backing up my TV shows , I have 1 . 5 TB Western Digital external hard drive .	Western Digital external hard drive	neutral
It cost less than ordering one from Apple , too , and has an 18 month warranty .	cost	neutral
It cost less than ordering one from Apple , too , and has an 18 month warranty .	18 month warranty	neutral
Except for memory , it 's not easy to access the hard drive ( to upgrade ) or the PCI - e mini slot ( to add a video accelerator ) .	memory	neutral
Except for memory , it 's not easy to access the hard drive ( to upgrade ) or the PCI - e mini slot ( to add a video accelerator ) .	hard drive	neutral
Except for memory , it 's not easy to access the hard drive ( to upgrade ) or the PCI - e mini slot ( to add a video accelerator ) .	PCI - e mini slot	neutral
Except for memory , it 's not easy to access the hard drive ( to upgrade ) or the PCI - e mini slot ( to add a video accelerator ) .	video accelerator	neutral
However , this is my first time using Windows 8 and it is going to take me a LONG time to feel comfortable with it .	Windows 8	neutral
The battery life is wonderful , especially given the weight of the thing .	battery life	neutral
The battery life is wonderful , especially given the weight of the thing .	weight	neutral
They also kept a ethernet connection , which is nice for large file transfers on the network .	ethernet connection	neutral
Well , he must not have had it in the notebook pocket , which suspends the laptop well above the bottom of the bag .	notebook pocket	neutral
No better or worse than the battery that came with the computer .	battery	neutral
the plastic could be better .	plastic	neutral
The instructions are not the best , but I did some research online	instructions	neutral
other than that , its very silent , quick , and extremely easy and fun to use .	use	neutral
At 4 feet , the cord is a foot longer than the one that came with the tab .	cord	neutral
Not interested in gaming , heavy video use or reading e - books ( I prefer ink on paper ) , so a tablet makes no sense for me .	gaming	neutral
Not interested in gaming , heavy video use or reading e - books ( I prefer ink on paper ) , so a tablet makes no sense for me .	video use	neutral
With the Anker battery I got over twice the run time .	run time	neutral
But I 'm still not comfortable with the separate middle button :	middle button	neutral
Purchased to replace drive in Mac Book Pro .	drive	neutral
com and saw very good reviews for Anker 's battery	battery	neutral
A weakness I observed is the zippers .	zippers	neutral
Note it is not a laptop for playing game .	game	neutral
Otherwise an AMAZING laptop , great performance and stilish look .	performance	neutral
Otherwise an AMAZING laptop , great performance and stilish look .	look	neutral
It gets warm as any charger should .	charger	neutral
I 've seen folks complain that the size to too large for a tablet .	size	neutral
The only thing I can wish for is if they carry all kinds of batteries that I need .	batteries	neutral
I can not review as to how loud it is or how long it holds a charge since it would not pair up to any device of mine ( Galaxy Nexus , Nexus 7 , Apple Macbook Pro ) .	charge	neutral
Sufficient space to keep my laptop ( 15 ' ) and carry my books to school .	space	neutral
The camera itself is actually half - suspended in a neoprene sling at the top of the bag in a heavily padded compartment .	camera	neutral
It works fine overall ( I 'd advise investing in an adapter ) , but that was a real disappointment .	works	neutral
It works fine overall ( I 'd advise investing in an adapter ) , but that was a real disappointment .	adapter	neutral
So I installed CoreAVC Professional , and disabled deblocking ( which helped to offset some of the CPU load ) .	CoreAVC Professional	neutral
So I installed CoreAVC Professional , and disabled deblocking ( which helped to offset some of the CPU load ) .	deblocking	neutral
So I installed CoreAVC Professional , and disabled deblocking ( which helped to offset some of the CPU load ) .	CPU load	neutral
The speakers on my laptop make an irritating low volume but always audible screeching sound from boot up to close down .	speakers	neutral
The speakers on my laptop make an irritating low volume but always audible screeching sound from boot up to close down .	boot up	neutral
but i 'm cautiously optimistic on the sound reproduction .	sound reproduction	neutral
The Nostromo did have slightly better button placement .	button placement	neutral
then i have one for my laptop , this cover is designed for the laptops so there is a bit of over hang	cover	neutral
The black pebbled finish on the top is a welcome change from the fingerprint magnet finish on so many .	fingerprint magnet finish	neutral
It comes with a very generous 3-year warranty , which is twice as long as the 18-month warranty on this Anker enclosure .	3-year warranty	neutral
The 32 mb SS cache combined with the 500 mb hard drive is a nice combination for casual internet use .	32 mb SS cache	neutral
The 32 mb SS cache combined with the 500 mb hard drive is a nice combination for casual internet use .	500 mb hard drive	neutral
The 32 mb SS cache combined with the 500 mb hard drive is a nice combination for casual internet use .	internet	neutral
No overheating , Stable voltage and current output and has a grounded AC cord .	voltage	neutral
No overheating , Stable voltage and current output and has a grounded AC cord .	current output	neutral
No overheating , Stable voltage and current output and has a grounded AC cord .	AC cord	neutral
However , after about 3 - 4 months , I noticed it would only hold an 80 % charge regardless of how long it was plugged in or how I used it .	charge	neutral
The neoprene rubber is nice to the touch and the frame is reasonably solid .	neoprene rubber	neutral
The neoprene rubber is nice to the touch and the frame is reasonably solid .	frame	neutral
We appreciate the quality and the design of this pack .	design	neutral
aI - xoft Fanless Notebk Coolerthat	Fanless	neutral
As it uses USB port Laptops running on battery will see a drop in runtimeAltec Lansing 's Orbit USB is well worth the money for people who travel a lot and would like to listen to music or get better sound from their portable laptops for presentations or just simply listening to music , it is not for replacing the desktop 2 . 1 channel speakers but the sound quality out of this single speaker	USB port	neutral
As it uses USB port Laptops running on battery will see a drop in runtimeAltec Lansing 's Orbit USB is well worth the money for people who travel a lot and would like to listen to music or get better sound from their portable laptops for presentations or just simply listening to music , it is not for replacing the desktop 2 . 1 channel speakers but the sound quality out of this single speaker	battery	neutral
As it uses USB port Laptops running on battery will see a drop in runtimeAltec Lansing 's Orbit USB is well worth the money for people who travel a lot and would like to listen to music or get better sound from their portable laptops for presentations or just simply listening to music , it is not for replacing the desktop 2 . 1 channel speakers but the sound quality out of this single speaker	runtimeAltec Lansing	neutral
As it uses USB port Laptops running on battery will see a drop in runtimeAltec Lansing 's Orbit USB is well worth the money for people who travel a lot and would like to listen to music or get better sound from their portable laptops for presentations or just simply listening to music , it is not for replacing the desktop 2 . 1 channel speakers but the sound quality out of this single speaker	Orbit USB	neutral
As it uses USB port Laptops running on battery will see a drop in runtimeAltec Lansing 's Orbit USB is well worth the money for people who travel a lot and would like to listen to music or get better sound from their portable laptops for presentations or just simply listening to music , it is not for replacing the desktop 2 . 1 channel speakers but the sound quality out of this single speaker	sound	neutral
As it uses USB port Laptops running on battery will see a drop in runtimeAltec Lansing 's Orbit USB is well worth the money for people who travel a lot and would like to listen to music or get better sound from their portable laptops for presentations or just simply listening to music , it is not for replacing the desktop 2 . 1 channel speakers but the sound quality out of this single speaker	2 . 1 channel speakers	neutral
As it uses USB port Laptops running on battery will see a drop in runtimeAltec Lansing 's Orbit USB is well worth the money for people who travel a lot and would like to listen to music or get better sound from their portable laptops for presentations or just simply listening to music , it is not for replacing the desktop 2 . 1 channel speakers but the sound quality out of this single speaker	sound quality	neutral
As it uses USB port Laptops running on battery will see a drop in runtimeAltec Lansing 's Orbit USB is well worth the money for people who travel a lot and would like to listen to music or get better sound from their portable laptops for presentations or just simply listening to music , it is not for replacing the desktop 2 . 1 channel speakers but the sound quality out of this single speaker	speaker	neutral
Working with Mac OS X , Linux and Windows PCs , the Sabrent USB 2 . 0 to	USB 2 . 0 to	neutral
The cable arrived on time and in great condition .	cable	neutral
The brick and cords , the mini - mouse , and the Aspire One all fit in a lunch - size cooler bag ... with lunch still in it .	mini - mouse	neutral
Overall , I 've been very pleased with my XPS 12 and would recommend it to someone who needs the specs and portability .	specs	neutral
Overall , I 've been very pleased with my XPS 12 and would recommend it to someone who needs the specs and portability .	portability	neutral
Still it is a very economical upgrade for your toothless devices with a USB port .	USB port	neutral
but well it results that now my laptop is the problem nut the charger	charger	neutral
I just wanted to say that the macbook in my opinion looks better without the case so I probably wo n't have it on all the time .	case	neutral
; HardwareThe headphones look deceptively large on the description page , but they are much smaller ( 6 . 5 x 5 inches closed ; 6 . 5 x 7 . 5 inches open ) .	HardwareThe	neutral
; HardwareThe headphones look deceptively large on the description page , but they are much smaller ( 6 . 5 x 5 inches closed ; 6 . 5 x 7 . 5 inches open ) .	headphones	neutral
They work very well on most fabrics , although you should read the packaging to determine the fabrics for which they are not recommended .	packaging	neutral
They work very well on most fabrics , although you should read the packaging to determine the fabrics for which they are not recommended .	fabrics	neutral
This product came with no driver cd [ which was nt worst thing , because was not advertised as including it ] , but online drivers are sketchy at best .	driver cd	neutral
This product came with no driver cd [ which was nt worst thing , because was not advertised as including it ] , but online drivers are sketchy at best .	online drivers	neutral
Low energy technologyPairing two phones at one time ( i. e .. Multi - Point )	energy technologyPairing	neutral
I have struck gold with this TechOrbits replacement battery .	battery	neutral
Below average performance for the mouse pad .	performance	neutral
Below average performance for the mouse pad .	mouse pad	neutral
This USB light easily illuminates the entire writing tablet and a sizable area around it , even in an otherwise well - lit room .	USB light	neutral
The build quality was lower than my previous Tenba bags , with thinner material and camera padding .	build quality	neutral
The build quality was lower than my previous Tenba bags , with thinner material and camera padding .	material	neutral
The build quality was lower than my previous Tenba bags , with thinner material and camera padding .	camera padding	neutral
It turned my tablet into a small laptop with a touch screen .	touch screen	neutral
The price is very reasonable .	price	neutral
5 inch IDE drives on a WinXP machine and USB 2 . 0 .	IDE drives	neutral
5 inch IDE drives on a WinXP machine and USB 2 . 0 .	USB 2 . 0	neutral
Although there is n't too much use for a large drive in ChromeOS , it is a huge benefit if you want to install Ubuntu - which is easy to do on the Acer if you want a " real " OS on it along with ChromeOS .	drive	neutral
Although there is n't too much use for a large drive in ChromeOS , it is a huge benefit if you want to install Ubuntu - which is easy to do on the Acer if you want a " real " OS on it along with ChromeOS .	ChromeOS	neutral
Although there is n't too much use for a large drive in ChromeOS , it is a huge benefit if you want to install Ubuntu - which is easy to do on the Acer if you want a " real " OS on it along with ChromeOS .	Ubuntu	neutral
Although there is n't too much use for a large drive in ChromeOS , it is a huge benefit if you want to install Ubuntu - which is easy to do on the Acer if you want a " real " OS on it along with ChromeOS .	OS	neutral
Although there is n't too much use for a large drive in ChromeOS , it is a huge benefit if you want to install Ubuntu - which is easy to do on the Acer if you want a " real " OS on it along with ChromeOS .	ChromeOS	neutral
PortabilityGood softwareChange of tiltSufficiently	PortabilityGood	neutral
PortabilityGood softwareChange of tiltSufficiently	softwareChange	neutral
PortabilityGood softwareChange of tiltSufficiently	tiltSufficiently	neutral
and I reboot , it conflicts with my other USB devices and	USB devices	neutral
The install disk is included , so installation was simple , and completed in less than 5 minutes ..	install disk	neutral
These cables work as advertised ; as good if not better than original .	cables	neutral
The RAM is easy to install .	RAM	neutral
That leaves room for the stylus but not much else	stylus	neutral
11 G card with this one , and the speed increase and signal strength are dramatic !	speed	neutral
11 G card with this one , and the speed increase and signal strength are dramatic !	signal strength	neutral
This is a bit annoying because of the unnecessary screen movement that can be tiring for my eyes .	screen movement	neutral
It 's kind of hard to create poetry for an adapter , so I wo n't .	adapter	neutral
Downloaded driver and software from Alfa website and that loaded .	driver and software	neutral
Chose it over others because I liked the aluminum look and the rechargeable battery .	aluminum look	neutral
Chose it over others because I liked the aluminum look and the rechargeable battery .	rechargeable battery	neutral
Not only did the speed get ultra fast	speed	neutral
I even have a cover on it to protect the outside of it	cover	neutral
They sound pretty good by themselves , but they are powered through the overbearing subwoofer so you can not run them alone .	subwoofer	neutral
I tried to use this on a Windows 7 64-bit machine .	Windows 7 64-bit	neutral
so I do n't have to carry a charger back and forth to work , so it is gently used and it is plugged into a surge protector .	charger	neutral
so I do n't have to carry a charger back and forth to work , so it is gently used and it is plugged into a surge protector .	surge protector	neutral
1 ) I prefer keys with a slight bit of concavity to them .	keys	neutral
I bought this based on the weight of the bag , hoping to reduce my overall load .	weight	neutral
I bought this based on the weight of the bag , hoping to reduce my overall load .	load	neutral
And even with this limitation it 's far , far better than the built - in speaker .	built - in speaker	neutral
The camera I received is not the one that is pictured , however it does do a very good job as far as picture quality .	camera	neutral
The camera I received is not the one that is pictured , however it does do a very good job as far as picture quality .	picture quality	neutral
Instead they said because the port had " physical damage " it was not covered but they would replace the motherboard which includes the USB ports for " only " $ 325 !	port	neutral
Instead they said because the port had " physical damage " it was not covered but they would replace the motherboard which includes the USB ports for " only " $ 325 !	motherboard	neutral
Instead they said because the port had " physical damage " it was not covered but they would replace the motherboard which includes the USB ports for " only " $ 325 !	USB ports	neutral
It makes everything look artificial , though when turned on for some games , they do look better .	games	neutral
Insure you align the cover so those tabs are along the opening edge and not the hinged edge .	cover	neutral
Insure you align the cover so those tabs are along the opening edge and not the hinged edge .	opening edge	neutral
I also liked the fact it comes with both digital and analog tuners , because our security system cameras broadcast on the old analog channel 19 and when I want to check them I can simply switch to analog channel 19 from the now standard digital channels .	security system cameras	neutral
This left me unpleasantly surprised and frustrated , and just a few seconds away from emergency rebooting my computer , when the setup unexpectedly finished .	setup	neutral
Have it inside a messenger bag so most times I just keep the book case open and insert the MacBook inside with the top unzipped .	book case	neutral
Allows me to turn off the drive on weekends without having to unplug it every time .	drive	neutral
Overall good value would buy again and I am looking for one with greater power storage .	power storage	neutral
On the plus side , the film peels off easily and , true to Zagg 's feature list , leaves no residue on the screen , something to be thankful for as you bin the overpriced , discarded shield .	feature	neutral
On the plus side , the film peels off easily and , true to Zagg 's feature list , leaves no residue on the screen , something to be thankful for as you bin the overpriced , discarded shield .	screen	neutral
So far I have n't found an RS232 device it wo n't interface to .	RS232	neutral
If I had something that charged through a USB port , that function would be awesome for saving space in the surge protector .	USB port	neutral
If I had something that charged through a USB port , that function would be awesome for saving space in the surge protector .	surge protector	neutral
This bag only has a simple flap over a very nice pocket system on the camera side of the top flap .	flap	neutral
This bag only has a simple flap over a very nice pocket system on the camera side of the top flap .	pocket system	neutral
This bag only has a simple flap over a very nice pocket system on the camera side of the top flap .	camera	neutral
These are nice looking devices that appear to be simple to use , but do n't be fooled .	use	neutral
I like the case so far .	case	neutral
Probably the best 4-port USB hub on Amazon for the price .	4-port USB hub	neutral
Probably the best 4-port USB hub on Amazon for the price .	price	neutral
The tripod capability was an added bonus .	tripod capability	neutral
and I feel like my tablet has more than ample protection .	protection	neutral
The pros are a great increase in battery time , useful special function keys ( go back , volume , media , brightness etc ) , and especially USB and flash card ports .	battery time	neutral
The pros are a great increase in battery time , useful special function keys ( go back , volume , media , brightness etc ) , and especially USB and flash card ports .	function keys	neutral
The pros are a great increase in battery time , useful special function keys ( go back , volume , media , brightness etc ) , and especially USB and flash card ports .	USB	neutral
The pros are a great increase in battery time , useful special function keys ( go back , volume , media , brightness etc ) , and especially USB and flash card ports .	flash card ports	neutral
I checked the connector on the tablet and found bent pin , around the center , sitting across the opening , closing it .	connector	neutral
- I am pretty sure it was the software .	software	neutral
It was quickly replace as it was very noisy when going into its power saving mode .	power saving mode	neutral
Only down side is it has to be plugged into a car USB port all the time which does n't matter to me since I keep one in the cigarette lighter spot all the time .	USB port	neutral
The male end looks the same ( sans the & # 34;apple&#34 ; port graphics printed on the ends ) , but the female side on the cable i received is longer and skinnier than the shorter and fatter one in the picture .	male end	neutral
The male end looks the same ( sans the & # 34;apple&#34 ; port graphics printed on the ends ) , but the female side on the cable i received is longer and skinnier than the shorter and fatter one in the picture .	female side	neutral
The rain protector is a nice touch .	rain protector	neutral
but I was sent a link that supplied the needed drivers and the unit works fine .	drivers	neutral
The best feature of the monitor is its size .	feature	neutral
The best feature of the monitor is its size .	monitor	neutral
The best feature of the monitor is its size .	size	neutral
My cables are chunky and fit with no problem .	cables	neutral
overall I am happy with the bass produced from the speakers .	bass	neutral
overall I am happy with the bass produced from the speakers .	speakers	neutral
battery lastes for 9 hours if you turn off wi - fi , bluetooth , speakers , slow the processor , dim the screen , do nothing .	battery	neutral
battery lastes for 9 hours if you turn off wi - fi , bluetooth , speakers , slow the processor , dim the screen , do nothing .	wi - fi	neutral
battery lastes for 9 hours if you turn off wi - fi , bluetooth , speakers , slow the processor , dim the screen , do nothing .	bluetooth	neutral
battery lastes for 9 hours if you turn off wi - fi , bluetooth , speakers , slow the processor , dim the screen , do nothing .	speakers	neutral
battery lastes for 9 hours if you turn off wi - fi , bluetooth , speakers , slow the processor , dim the screen , do nothing .	processor	neutral
battery lastes for 9 hours if you turn off wi - fi , bluetooth , speakers , slow the processor , dim the screen , do nothing .	screen	neutral
With that said , the Tamrac Aero 85 interested me since it has the feature of a sling style incorporated into a backpack .	feature	neutral
With that said , the Tamrac Aero 85 interested me since it has the feature of a sling style incorporated into a backpack .	sling style	neutral
My old battery had worn out .	battery	neutral
Although I do notice now that the flap is becoming kind of flimsy , it still works great !	flap	neutral
This is an excellent micro - USB cable so far , especially for the price ( I paid $ 4 - the price seems to have gone up).-	micro - USB cable	neutral
This is an excellent micro - USB cable so far , especially for the price ( I paid $ 4 - the price seems to have gone up).-	price	neutral
This is an excellent micro - USB cable so far , especially for the price ( I paid $ 4 - the price seems to have gone up).-	price	neutral
We applied for rebate as specified but corsair would not honor their promises , will buy memory from someone else in future	memory	neutral
The speakers are really quite mediocre .	speakers	neutral
The construction is solid .	construction	neutral
A $ 10 pair of speakers that are powered through USB plugged into the laptop .	speakers	neutral
A $ 10 pair of speakers that are powered through USB plugged into the laptop .	USB	neutral
I liked the TP - LINK , but it did n't support many modems ( only 11 in the US ) , and OpenWRT / DD - WRT seemed inadequate .	TP - LINK	neutral
I liked the TP - LINK , but it did n't support many modems ( only 11 in the US ) , and OpenWRT / DD - WRT seemed inadequate .	modems	neutral
I liked the TP - LINK , but it did n't support many modems ( only 11 in the US ) , and OpenWRT / DD - WRT seemed inadequate .	OpenWRT / DD - WRT	neutral
The screen is very sharp , boots fast and runs cool , It never gets hot even when sitting on your lap .	screen	neutral
The screen is very sharp , boots fast and runs cool , It never gets hot even when sitting on your lap .	boots	neutral
The screen is very sharp , boots fast and runs cool , It never gets hot even when sitting on your lap .	runs	neutral
So I sent it off for repair along with a note detailing the problems it was having and that re - imaging the HD was n't going to fix the problem .	HD	neutral
Extra inch of screen width makes surfing easier .	screen width	neutral
Extra inch of screen width makes surfing easier .	surfing	neutral
Something sounded loose inside the adapter that did n't work so I just discarded it .	adapter	neutral
I had it plugged in overnight but could n't even get the power light to come on .	power light	neutral
Shipped fast , but the delay this caused to getting a working system was n't worth it .	Shipped	neutral
Shipped fast , but the delay this caused to getting a working system was n't worth it .	system	neutral
Pad Transformer TF101 Case Sleeve Folio Leather Cover with Stand&#34 ; and it was a good fit but not exact there was a little play in it , but it 's better that dropping it without a case .	case	neutral
( 1 ) the battery cover is thinner , I 'm afraid of breaking it .. and ( 2 ) the scroll wheel feels cheaper / lighter / less precise .	battery cover	neutral
( 1 ) the battery cover is thinner , I 'm afraid of breaking it .. and ( 2 ) the scroll wheel feels cheaper / lighter / less precise .	scroll wheel	neutral
so I was expecting some decent stuff , but when the USB Mini - Cable Kit arrived , I was very pleased with what I received .	USB Mini - Cable Kit	neutral
I was in the market for a light , cheap , yet well designed laptop case .	case	neutral
There are 3 buttons on the device , power on / off , volume up(+ ) and volume down(- ) .	power on / off	neutral
There are 3 buttons on the device , power on / off , volume up(+ ) and volume down(- ) .	volume up(+	neutral
There are 3 buttons on the device , power on / off , volume up(+ ) and volume down(- ) .	volume	neutral
The brightly - colored menus in the PS3 Amazon VOD app are even worse .	menus	neutral
The brightly - colored menus in the PS3 Amazon VOD app are even worse .	PS3 Amazon VOD app	neutral
It plugs in and the fan runs , but the laptop still heats up .	fan	neutral
I needed this because two of the four USB slots on my laptop are shot .	USB slots	neutral
I should add that as I have worked in the technical side of television broadcasting most of my adult life , I am very critical of image and sound quality .	sound quality	neutral
This is the kinda laptop you want to use the original keyboard because it is just so good -- rather that dock , slap the lid , and move on .	keyboard	neutral
This is the kinda laptop you want to use the original keyboard because it is just so good -- rather that dock , slap the lid , and move on .	dock	neutral
Good sound .	sound	neutral
The laptop is protected very well and there are many pockets available .	pockets	neutral
I 'm running Windows Professional , Open Office , use IE7 , Trillian for IM , xfire for gaming IM .	Windows Professional	neutral
I 'm running Windows Professional , Open Office , use IE7 , Trillian for IM , xfire for gaming IM .	Open Office	neutral
I 'm running Windows Professional , Open Office , use IE7 , Trillian for IM , xfire for gaming IM .	IE7	neutral
I 'm running Windows Professional , Open Office , use IE7 , Trillian for IM , xfire for gaming IM .	xfire	neutral
I 'm running Windows Professional , Open Office , use IE7 , Trillian for IM , xfire for gaming IM .	gaming	neutral
First , you enable the speaker .	speaker	neutral
So , for the money these are a decent set of speakers that look cool , sound good , but do n't exactly work as advertised .	speakers	neutral
So , it is impossible for me to take my laptop where there is no electricy supply ...	electricy supply	neutral
I 'm using it with a Apple Mac Mini MC815LL / A and generic HDMI cable .	HDMI cable	neutral
If you are trying to decide between the " Core i5 " and " Core i3 " I would recommend the Core i5 to gamers and people who run high end applications ( like CAD software ) and the Core i3 for people running business applications ( like MS Office ) and web browsing .	Core i5	neutral
If you are trying to decide between the " Core i5 " and " Core i3 " I would recommend the Core i5 to gamers and people who run high end applications ( like CAD software ) and the Core i3 for people running business applications ( like MS Office ) and web browsing .	Core i3	neutral
If you are trying to decide between the " Core i5 " and " Core i3 " I would recommend the Core i5 to gamers and people who run high end applications ( like CAD software ) and the Core i3 for people running business applications ( like MS Office ) and web browsing .	Core i5	neutral
If you are trying to decide between the " Core i5 " and " Core i3 " I would recommend the Core i5 to gamers and people who run high end applications ( like CAD software ) and the Core i3 for people running business applications ( like MS Office ) and web browsing .	applications	neutral
If you are trying to decide between the " Core i5 " and " Core i3 " I would recommend the Core i5 to gamers and people who run high end applications ( like CAD software ) and the Core i3 for people running business applications ( like MS Office ) and web browsing .	CAD software	neutral
If you are trying to decide between the " Core i5 " and " Core i3 " I would recommend the Core i5 to gamers and people who run high end applications ( like CAD software ) and the Core i3 for people running business applications ( like MS Office ) and web browsing .	Core i3	neutral
If you are trying to decide between the " Core i5 " and " Core i3 " I would recommend the Core i5 to gamers and people who run high end applications ( like CAD software ) and the Core i3 for people running business applications ( like MS Office ) and web browsing .	business applications	neutral
If you are trying to decide between the " Core i5 " and " Core i3 " I would recommend the Core i5 to gamers and people who run high end applications ( like CAD software ) and the Core i3 for people running business applications ( like MS Office ) and web browsing .	MS Office	neutral
If you are trying to decide between the " Core i5 " and " Core i3 " I would recommend the Core i5 to gamers and people who run high end applications ( like CAD software ) and the Core i3 for people running business applications ( like MS Office ) and web browsing .	web browsing	neutral
I instead set the sleep timer to turn off the unit every night .	sleep timer	neutral
The operating system is the main reason I switched from Windows to Apple .	operating system	neutral
But do n't waste your time calling Asus for tech support .	tech support	neutral
Given that there 's no real 3rd party adapters on the market , this is going to be what you want if you need a new power adapter for your Air ...	power adapter	neutral
Had to order a different brand item ( with next day air ) at a higher price .	price	neutral
It wo n't run Windows 8 Metro or any other Microsoft software , but maybe that 's a GOOD thing .	Windows 8 Metro	neutral
It wo n't run Windows 8 Metro or any other Microsoft software , but maybe that 's a GOOD thing .	Microsoft software	neutral
Last , I do n't like the idea of the fan intake coming through the bottom from my dusty , linty shirt , blanket , couch , floor into my new laptop .	fan intake	neutral
I had attempted to clean my old keyboard with some window cleaner from an aerosol can .	keyboard	neutral
I had attempted to clean my old keyboard with some window cleaner from an aerosol can .	window cleaner	neutral
Works as advertised , has operated all USB stuff I hooked up .	USB	neutral
I am currently using this on my old MSI Netbook running Windows 8 Pro with no problems and very fast boot times .	Windows 8 Pro	neutral
I am currently using this on my old MSI Netbook running Windows 8 Pro with no problems and very fast boot times .	boot times	neutral
Plenty of room for Linux or XP though .	Linux or XP	neutral
Razer really should be ashamed of taking an otherwise exceptional machine and saddling it with a sub - quality display .	display	neutral
Since the retina display version is slightly slimmer / smaller than its aluminum unibody counterpart , the case is just a tad on the tall side .	case	neutral
But wait ... is n't the reason I bought this because I DON'T HAVE A CD DRIVE ON MY COMPUTER ! !	CD DRIVE	neutral
I 'm also glad the TV uses less energy than Plasma ( reviews tend to down play this	energy	neutral
( By the way , this package came with the latest version of WinTV7 , v2 .	WinTV7 ,	neutral
Upon opening the box , I was first surprised by the build quality of the docking station .	build quality	neutral
Upon opening the box , I was first surprised by the build quality of the docking station .	docking station	neutral
This touchpad seemed to work well , but instead of listing all the features I am going to keep this short .	touchpad	neutral
This touchpad seemed to work well , but instead of listing all the features I am going to keep this short .	features	neutral
I have had this adapter since February of this year , and it still works wonderfully .	adapter	neutral
It is truly a shame , because the PB278Q is otherwise an excellent screen .	screen	neutral
In looking at what others want for the same item the price is excellent .	price	neutral
Update : there may be a dual core version of this coming out soon .	dual core	neutral
Flash Memory is so much better than HD drives ( great camcorder for automotive mounts ) 4 . )	Flash Memory	neutral
Flash Memory is so much better than HD drives ( great camcorder for automotive mounts ) 4 . )	HD drives	neutral
Ideal storage , fast retrieval and what not ?	storage	neutral
Ideal storage , fast retrieval and what not ?	retrieval	neutral
Amazing battery life .	battery life	neutral
As soon as I placed the card into my computer ( HP ze4101 ) , it froze .	card	neutral
I use all of these features !	features	neutral
I have since used it for not only the tablet , but for my kindle and iPhone which fully charged without putting even a dent in the remaining battery life of the energi to go battery .	battery life	neutral
I have since used it for not only the tablet , but for my kindle and iPhone which fully charged without putting even a dent in the remaining battery life of the energi to go battery .	battery	neutral
Has inline volume and mute but never use it .	mute	neutral
The Twist has the traditional Thinkpad keyboard with mouse joystick and buttons above the touchpad	Thinkpad keyboard	neutral
The Twist has the traditional Thinkpad keyboard with mouse joystick and buttons above the touchpad	mouse joystick	neutral
The Twist has the traditional Thinkpad keyboard with mouse joystick and buttons above the touchpad	buttons	neutral
The Twist has the traditional Thinkpad keyboard with mouse joystick and buttons above the touchpad	touchpad	neutral
The fit and finish of this Chromebook is great .	finish	neutral
Apple will sell you a pretty one , but in most cases any cheap USB drive will do .	USB drive	neutral
But the transmitter is nice in that it 's unobtrusive when used with my already - tiny Asus Aspire One netbook .	transmitter	neutral
Exactly what I ordered and worked perfect .... was so easy to install and am so happy that I purchased it .	install	neutral
It does speed things up quite a bit , streaming Netflix is no problem at all .	streaming Netflix	neutral
I have been using this adapter for about a month now and it works just fine .	adapter	neutral
BUTIt is expensive , with applecare , microsoft office and a vga adapter	applecare	neutral
BUTIt is expensive , with applecare , microsoft office and a vga adapter	microsoft office	neutral
BUTIt is expensive , with applecare , microsoft office and a vga adapter	vga adapter	neutral
By having two adapters , you can plug your devices into different electrical outlets , rather than plugging everything into the same outlet and possibly blowing a fuse .	adapters	neutral
it works just fine .	works	neutral
The delivery people ( there were 2 ) brought the TV in , unpacked it and hooked it up .	delivery people	neutral
It will take some getting used to Windows 7 though .	Windows 7	neutral
Fan really does n't cool .	Fan	neutral
The sound quality of the unit is spectacular .	sound quality	neutral
The original battery swell , and were replaced at no cost by Apple .	battery	neutral
The only reason I rate this as a 4 instead of a 5 is because the Anywhere Mouse by Logitech has improved on this mouse in so many ways it now reigns with my 5 star " best in class " rating .	Anywhere Mouse	neutral
The only reason I rate this as a 4 instead of a 5 is because the Anywhere Mouse by Logitech has improved on this mouse in so many ways it now reigns with my 5 star " best in class " rating .	mouse	neutral
The side / front / back pieces are also just a tad too wide .	side /	neutral
The side / front / back pieces are also just a tad too wide .	front / back pieces	neutral
It charges fine	charges	neutral
Works perfectly with Nexus 7 allowing use of USB drive for additional storage or for adding / removing files from Nexus .	USB drive	neutral
I can not return them because I buy from Costa Rica and shipping is very high .	shipping	neutral
Just plug it in and Vista found the drivers and away it went .	Vista	neutral
Just plug it in and Vista found the drivers and away it went .	drivers	neutral
Note I never shut off the computer which would have extended the battery , but always just closed the cover which puts it into sleep mode .	battery	neutral
Note I never shut off the computer which would have extended the battery , but always just closed the cover which puts it into sleep mode .	cover	neutral
The touchscreen is also so responsive , that it you forget you are not reading a paper book .	touchscreen	neutral
As far as the product is concerned you just need to be careful on how many hard drives are connected since those willdrain the current from the power supply .	hard drives	neutral
As far as the product is concerned you just need to be careful on how many hard drives are connected since those willdrain the current from the power supply .	power supply	neutral
The tripod holder is convenient and keeps things in place when the bag is carried upright ( the flap extends down from the base of the bag about 9 " or so ) .	tripod holder	neutral
The tripod holder is convenient and keeps things in place when the bag is carried upright ( the flap extends down from the base of the bag about 9 " or so ) .	flap	neutral
These are fun speakers , definitely different from any of the other speakers I own .	speakers	neutral
These are fun speakers , definitely different from any of the other speakers I own .	speakers	neutral
Windows 8 is running very smooth .	Windows 8	neutral
Not an issue with this RAM , I installed it and I forgot about it , it seems to work perfectly fine .	RAM	neutral
I loaded Microsoft Office 2013	Microsoft Office 2013	neutral
The other issue is the front cover , which is sort of aluminum laminate PAINTED , which means it scratches easily .	front cover	neutral
Bit large in size but very functional .	size	neutral
After I brought it home , it really did a great job filling the room with powerful sound , with the ability to turn it up fairly loud without distortion .	sound	neutral
Now I can just push the switch and it 's gone .	switch	neutral
And I have never had any problems with internet connectivity ; I have full bars right now , despite having a router on the opposite end of my house .	internet connectivity	neutral
The dock has a keyboard , a USB 3 . 0	dock	neutral
The dock has a keyboard , a USB 3 . 0	keyboard	neutral
The dock has a keyboard , a USB 3 . 0	USB 3 . 0	neutral
The mCube has one connector for the computer and one USB port .	connector	neutral
The mCube has one connector for the computer and one USB port .	USB port	neutral
( Note that the AUX adapter is not included . )	AUX adapter	neutral
My expectations as to the quality of sound provided by these speakers were quickly met .	sound	neutral
My expectations as to the quality of sound provided by these speakers were quickly met .	speakers	neutral
The receiver did not " fit " in any number of USB slots that I tried on multiple computers without great effort .	receiver	neutral
The receiver did not " fit " in any number of USB slots that I tried on multiple computers without great effort .	USB slots	neutral
Pros:+ Strong spec ( CPU i5 2 .	spec	neutral
Pros:+ Strong spec ( CPU i5 2 .	CPU i5 2	neutral
A lot of folks find that watching full time in Game Mode is very pleasing .	Game Mode	neutral
It was under warranty so when I contacted Targus they said " maybe my usb cable went bad " & that " this commonly happens . "	warranty	neutral
It was under warranty so when I contacted Targus they said " maybe my usb cable went bad " & that " this commonly happens . "	usb cable	neutral
Apparently the little blue adapter is n't proper for my Dell XP	blue adapter	neutral
The system has two inputs - one is a male and the other ( auxiliary input ) is a female .	system	neutral
The system has two inputs - one is a male and the other ( auxiliary input ) is a female .	auxiliary input	neutral
I 'm a commercial photographer in business since 1976 and color accuracy is important to me .	color accuracy	neutral
The only problem I 've noticed is that after partitioning the hard drive , startup takes a little longer ( around 22 seconds total).The power cord is portable and extendable , while its nice to still have the optical drive , Ethernet port , and card slot .	hard drive	neutral
The only problem I 've noticed is that after partitioning the hard drive , startup takes a little longer ( around 22 seconds total).The power cord is portable and extendable , while its nice to still have the optical drive , Ethernet port , and card slot .	startup	neutral
The only problem I 've noticed is that after partitioning the hard drive , startup takes a little longer ( around 22 seconds total).The power cord is portable and extendable , while its nice to still have the optical drive , Ethernet port , and card slot .	power cord	neutral
The only problem I 've noticed is that after partitioning the hard drive , startup takes a little longer ( around 22 seconds total).The power cord is portable and extendable , while its nice to still have the optical drive , Ethernet port , and card slot .	optical drive	neutral
The only problem I 've noticed is that after partitioning the hard drive , startup takes a little longer ( around 22 seconds total).The power cord is portable and extendable , while its nice to still have the optical drive , Ethernet port , and card slot .	Ethernet port	neutral
The only problem I 've noticed is that after partitioning the hard drive , startup takes a little longer ( around 22 seconds total).The power cord is portable and extendable , while its nice to still have the optical drive , Ethernet port , and card slot .	card slot	neutral
It gives me a strong reliable secure Hotspot .	Hotspot	neutral
and it works fine .	works	neutral
Photoshop Touch can sync files to Adobe Creative Cloud if you 're a subscriber .	Photoshop Touch	neutral
Photoshop Touch can sync files to Adobe Creative Cloud if you 're a subscriber .	Adobe Creative Cloud	neutral
It is a good quality cable , and it works .	cable	neutral
In addition the cord is very short between the computer and the first speaker .	cord	neutral
In addition the cord is very short between the computer and the first speaker .	speaker	neutral
Works fine for me .	Works	neutral
BUT : The build / construction is really shoddy .	build /	neutral
BUT : The build / construction is really shoddy .	construction	neutral
The material is more water resistant than the nylon backpacks I have , so unless it 's a sustained downpour I do n't have to worry about taking it across the parking lot in the rain , and hurting the laptop inside .	material	neutral
This port should be install everywhere in any home !	port	neutral
3- and HD brings incredible quality .	HD	neutral
The LED would n't come on and reader is not recognized , so I retruned to costco and got my money back ( good thing it was from Costco ) .	LED	neutral
The LED would n't come on and reader is not recognized , so I retruned to costco and got my money back ( good thing it was from Costco ) .	reader	neutral
The speakers are ok , but I find using my earphones offer a much better sound in stero .	speakers	neutral
The speakers are ok , but I find using my earphones offer a much better sound in stero .	sound	neutral
The case is snug for a 13 . 3 inch laptop .	case	neutral
The instructions also state that the speaker should not be exposed to sunlight , so once again you have to wonder about the outdoor claim .	instructions	neutral
The instructions also state that the speaker should not be exposed to sunlight , so once again you have to wonder about the outdoor claim .	speaker	neutral
I 'm not sure it 's charged at all .	charged	neutral
" , " Did you follow the instructions ? " , etc , etc .	instructions	neutral
This is a problem known by LaCie , but they refuse to issue reliable power supplies , just using the same defective / weak / unreliable ones .	power supplies	neutral
but I did not want to sacrifice speed either .	speed	neutral
Only suggestion I have if purchasing this product is to also order a usb extension cable .	usb extension cable	neutral
The only drawback for me is the ear buds do not fit snug in my ears .	ear buds	neutral
The attention to detail is clear and whether playing games or just surfing the net , it 's a joy to use .	detail	neutral
The attention to detail is clear and whether playing games or just surfing the net , it 's a joy to use .	use	neutral
It works with USB2 and USB3 ( crystaldiskmark for sdd samsung sm841	USB2	neutral
It works with USB2 and USB3 ( crystaldiskmark for sdd samsung sm841	USB3	neutral
The wiring is to current standards .	wiring	neutral
I keep my glasses , mouse , lunch , cables , phone ... in it .	mouse	neutral
After that , access is fast enough .	access	neutral
, it does n't look ridiculous and it did offer much more protection ! )	protection	neutral
The 10 " Asus keyboard -- while not full size -- has a good feel for typing and the " clicking " keys feels like my full sized regular desktop keyboard ( way better than my laptop in fact ) .	10 "	neutral
The 10 " Asus keyboard -- while not full size -- has a good feel for typing and the " clicking " keys feels like my full sized regular desktop keyboard ( way better than my laptop in fact ) .	clicking	neutral
And in no time at all I discover how little use I actually make of a built - in CD / DVD drive or an extra USB port .	USB port	neutral
They do keep updating other stuff of the laptop though but still I like to keep my video drivers up to date.------------------------------------------------UPDATE 15/7/2013:----------------------------------------------------------------------Well after almost a year of ownership , I can say that I 'm a bit disappointed how Samsung handled this series or at least this model .	video drivers	neutral
Also , their cooling was not great , because most coolers have a single fan at the center .	cooling	neutral
Also , their cooling was not great , because most coolers have a single fan at the center .	fan	neutral
I went to the Zagg website and looked at their installation video .	installation video	neutral
Considering the price , this is a really good product .	price	neutral
Faster then Asus 1201N. Better battery life .	battery life	neutral
Display is n't going to blow you away but for $ 250 it 's definitely passable .	Display	neutral
Now my laptop 1564 dell does not recognize AC adapter error and wo n't charge the battery .	AC adapter error	neutral
Now my laptop 1564 dell does not recognize AC adapter error and wo n't charge the battery .	battery	neutral
# 2 was positioned underneath the RAM / CPU access panel .	RAM / CPU access panel	neutral
The overall design is attractive with touches of stretchy fabric and padded shoulder straps and back panel .	design	neutral
The overall design is attractive with touches of stretchy fabric and padded shoulder straps and back panel .	fabric	neutral
The overall design is attractive with touches of stretchy fabric and padded shoulder straps and back panel .	shoulder straps	neutral
The overall design is attractive with touches of stretchy fabric and padded shoulder straps and back panel .	back panel	neutral
Buy this flash drive if you are looking for a good quality product !	flash drive	neutral
Lossless CinemaDNG RAWApple ProRes 422 ( HQ )	CinemaDNG	neutral
The backpack is made so durable that it lasted to this day ( and keeps going except the fastener tabs have broken off a long time ago	fastener tabs	neutral
The 7dB panel antenna will boost gain , but , again , not the actual signal quality and download speed .	7dB panel antenna	neutral
The 7dB panel antenna will boost gain , but , again , not the actual signal quality and download speed .	signal quality	neutral
The 7dB panel antenna will boost gain , but , again , not the actual signal quality and download speed .	download speed	neutral
Most consumer electronics ( cell phone , tablet , computer ) will be OK ... it should say either on the device or its power brick .	power brick	neutral
For these games , it plays amazingly well with all settings on high .	plays	neutral
For these games , it plays amazingly well with all settings on high .	settings	neutral
I do n't know why you would make such a well built laptop and throw on such a cumbersome and seemingly fragile charger .	charger	neutral
They both look great over VGA though .	VGA	neutral
Fast Ethernet Card , sold by Amazon at a bit more than twice the price , which was also plug - and - play on Chromebook but gave a full 30 Mbps download speed .	Ethernet Card	neutral
Fast Ethernet Card , sold by Amazon at a bit more than twice the price , which was also plug - and - play on Chromebook but gave a full 30 Mbps download speed .	price	neutral
Fast Ethernet Card , sold by Amazon at a bit more than twice the price , which was also plug - and - play on Chromebook but gave a full 30 Mbps download speed .	download speed	neutral
The battery set - up is weird though .	battery set - up	neutral
The speakers are supplied by Altec Lansing and are Dolby Advanced .	speakers	neutral
They tell me how " cute " it is , how good it sounds , ask where I got it , how much it cost , etc .	cost	neutral
These straps wo n't break where a plastic buckle would .	straps	neutral
Considering my last battery was $ 80 , and the battery was garbage and would n't hold a charge .	battery	neutral
Considering my last battery was $ 80 , and the battery was garbage and would n't hold a charge .	battery	neutral
Considering my last battery was $ 80 , and the battery was garbage and would n't hold a charge .	charge	neutral
... lots of velcro	velcro	neutral
The drive actually " Fits " perfectly inside the new sleeve , but since the outside is smaller the actual " Silver / Metal " part of the drive now rests on the table without the rubberized part touching at all .... instead of the drive being " Recessed " into the sleeve like the original orange .	drive	neutral
The drive actually " Fits " perfectly inside the new sleeve , but since the outside is smaller the actual " Silver / Metal " part of the drive now rests on the table without the rubberized part touching at all .... instead of the drive being " Recessed " into the sleeve like the original orange .	drive	neutral
The drive actually " Fits " perfectly inside the new sleeve , but since the outside is smaller the actual " Silver / Metal " part of the drive now rests on the table without the rubberized part touching at all .... instead of the drive being " Recessed " into the sleeve like the original orange .	drive	neutral
USB 3 . 0 hub	USB 3 . 0 hub	neutral
I had tried a few inverters and finally realized it 's better to have a dedicated power supply instead .	power supply	neutral
The outside flap has some more pockets	outside flap	neutral
The outside flap has some more pockets	pockets	neutral
effortlessly- buttons feel a little " clicky " / cheap but they work fine and what do you want for $ 10?- crappiest implementation of a storable nano receiver , just shoves in the bottom and can be difficult to remove , annoying to say the least- cheap / tiny on / off switch	buttons	neutral
effortlessly- buttons feel a little " clicky " / cheap but they work fine and what do you want for $ 10?- crappiest implementation of a storable nano receiver , just shoves in the bottom and can be difficult to remove , annoying to say the least- cheap / tiny on / off switch	nano receiver	neutral
effortlessly- buttons feel a little " clicky " / cheap but they work fine and what do you want for $ 10?- crappiest implementation of a storable nano receiver , just shoves in the bottom and can be difficult to remove , annoying to say the least- cheap / tiny on / off switch	on / off switch	neutral
As I started working on it , I was rather impressed by the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
This is mitigated by the nicely padded carry handle , that suggests the owner may be old enough to vote:-).At the currently discounted price , do n't ask too much of this bag in demanding environments and it should cradle your laptop and	carry handle	neutral
This is mitigated by the nicely padded carry handle , that suggests the owner may be old enough to vote:-).At the currently discounted price , do n't ask too much of this bag in demanding environments and it should cradle your laptop and	price	neutral
I did a lot of research to find the best value at 450 - 500 $	value	neutral
at 12 bucks including shipping the price was great too .	shipping	neutral
at 12 bucks including shipping the price was great too .	price	neutral
I have never been a fan of these plastic screen protectors as I am a careful user of my device and find these sort of things unnecessary .	screen protectors	neutral
Just do n't have huge performance expectations and you 'll come to love everything about these netbooks .	performance	neutral
Street Maps and Map Factor Navigator will usually - almost always , really - get you where you need to go , but the auto - route that Navigator will present to you may or may not actually be the " fastest " , " shortest " , or " cheapest " route .	Map Factor Navigator	neutral
, I was skeptical about how much , if any , performance boost I would see .	performance	neutral
( Obviously a business suit would n't work well)--This bag is n't super lightweight , but it 's so well built	built	neutral
It 's quiet and cool ( runs cool and looks cool ) .	runs	neutral
Really the only improvement I would suggest would be the sound quality of the speakers , but this is a nit .	sound quality	neutral
Really the only improvement I would suggest would be the sound quality of the speakers , but this is a nit .	speakers	neutral
I can only say that it works really well , and this is in contrast to other VHS units I have had .	works	neutral
The three year old battery in my computer was done and I was able to replace it within a couple of days with Prime shipping .	battery	neutral
Setup is straightforward .	Setup	neutral
I know that 's hard to understand , but the bottom line is that the approach is n't very well implemented .	approach	neutral
This one seems about just the right size and weight .	size	neutral
This one seems about just the right size and weight .	weight	neutral
Contacting the seller was useless , very , very poor customer service .	customer service	neutral
Under Windows XP the supplied D - Link utility is useless -- it wo n't even run .	Windows XP	neutral
Under Windows XP the supplied D - Link utility is useless -- it wo n't even run .	D - Link utility	neutral
- proceeded by a friend throwing the iclarity 20 ft across the room ... lets see you do that to a soundlink or a jambox and not care if it fell or broke"this sounds better than the car speakers!""this quietness is awkward ... play some tunes""oh crap	soundlink	neutral
Two Heatshifts work just as well and do n't need power : I tried out the heatshift 13 and it is sized perfectly for a macbook pro 13 .	Heatshifts	neutral
Two Heatshifts work just as well and do n't need power : I tried out the heatshift 13 and it is sized perfectly for a macbook pro 13 .	power	neutral
Two Heatshifts work just as well and do n't need power : I tried out the heatshift 13 and it is sized perfectly for a macbook pro 13 .	heatshift	neutral
A USB INPUT	USB INPUT	neutral
A call to Customer Service was beyond goofy .	Customer Service	neutral
The customizable buttons and touch ring really lets you get away from reaching for the keyboard as often .	buttons	neutral
The customizable buttons and touch ring really lets you get away from reaching for the keyboard as often .	touch ring	neutral
The customizable buttons and touch ring really lets you get away from reaching for the keyboard as often .	keyboard	neutral
This hub works well .	hub	neutral
Between this and it being JUST under 5 lbs , it makes for an easy transport if you want a laptop to carry around .	transport	neutral
I strongly recommend a Toshiba Satellite , but this model was specifically made for Walmart & discount stores , with the cheapest possible chip .	chip	neutral
The little spring - loaded buttons which are supposed to lock the sections do n't hold - making it useless as a tote and too heavy as a briefcase .	buttons	neutral
I might get an hour when I is fully charged but most of the time it only last 45 minutes before I have to plug the machine in .	charged	neutral
Sometimes I become more conscious of the noise from the 3 fans but the cleverly installed power switch solves that issue , instead of having to unplug it as with other units .	fans	neutral
Sometimes I become more conscious of the noise from the 3 fans but the cleverly installed power switch solves that issue , instead of having to unplug it as with other units .	power switch	neutral
I followed the included directions and installed the card drivers and the included configuration software .	card drivers	neutral
I followed the included directions and installed the card drivers and the included configuration software .	configuration software	neutral
I ai n't never going to lose no battery charger again .	battery charger	neutral
90watt adapter and stays cool .	90watt adapter	neutral
The screen is bright and keyboard types very well .	screen	neutral
The screen is bright and keyboard types very well .	keyboard	neutral
Boot time and wake up time is * much * faster than my old Compaq Vista .	Boot time	neutral
Boot time and wake up time is * much * faster than my old Compaq Vista .	wake up time	neutral
Drivers are available at support .	Drivers	neutral
If you want to continue the panda theme for your portable music , also consider getting thePineapple Panda Sound Isolating Design Crystal Clear Mega Bass Sound Earphone .	Mega Bass Sound Earphone	neutral
Nice heavy fabric ( Cordura nylon ? ) and a sturdy plastic ( non - scratch ) zipper .	fabric	neutral
Nice heavy fabric ( Cordura nylon ? ) and a sturdy plastic ( non - scratch ) zipper .	zipper	neutral
Plus , the battery still had an almost complete charge in it !	battery	neutral
Plus , the battery still had an almost complete charge in it !	charge	neutral
I 'm not using any kind of liquid cooling with this PSU .	liquid cooling	neutral
Overall I would recommend this computer and would love to give it 5 stars but for the way the display is designed and the jumpiness and inconsistent response of the touchpad I 'm giving it 4 stars .	display	neutral
Overall I would recommend this computer and would love to give it 5 stars but for the way the display is designed and the jumpiness and inconsistent response of the touchpad I 'm giving it 4 stars .	response	neutral
Overall I would recommend this computer and would love to give it 5 stars but for the way the display is designed and the jumpiness and inconsistent response of the touchpad I 'm giving it 4 stars .	touchpad	neutral
In 4 to 6 months I may come back and write a new review about its performance at that time as well .	performance	neutral
When I saw the price of this particular unit , however , and the GOLD certification , I thought I 'd give it a shot .	price	neutral
To maximize the potential of these speakers , place them as close to ear - level as possible ( but not as close to your ears as possible , of course ) .	speakers	neutral
I have read a lot of threads about the Intel NUC being very finicky about what memory it would work with , and was very wary of this memory .	Intel NUC	neutral
I have read a lot of threads about the Intel NUC being very finicky about what memory it would work with , and was very wary of this memory .	memory	neutral
I have read a lot of threads about the Intel NUC being very finicky about what memory it would work with , and was very wary of this memory .	memory	neutral
I suppose the only upside is that the drivers were easy to install .	drivers	neutral
Hit the power button and by the time you have had your first sip of coffee it is connected .	power button	neutral
My original keyboard had a broken key and a few other wobblers ( laptop was bought in 2006 ) so I was really glad to find this replacement at a great price -- way cheaper than going through Dell .	keyboard	neutral
My original keyboard had a broken key and a few other wobblers ( laptop was bought in 2006 ) so I was really glad to find this replacement at a great price -- way cheaper than going through Dell .	key	neutral
My original keyboard had a broken key and a few other wobblers ( laptop was bought in 2006 ) so I was really glad to find this replacement at a great price -- way cheaper than going through Dell .	price	neutral
Looks like a quality build .	build	neutral
these cables work just fine , but if you want audio , you may want to get the ones with the audio cable , or jack that is already connected within the main cable .	audio	neutral
these cables work just fine , but if you want audio , you may want to get the ones with the audio cable , or jack that is already connected within the main cable .	audio cable	neutral
Not only does it provide a longer power - on capacity , but it adds a feature that raises the laptop about an inch to a better viewing angle .	power - on capacity	neutral
Not only does it provide a longer power - on capacity , but it adds a feature that raises the laptop about an inch to a better viewing angle .	feature	neutral
Not only does it provide a longer power - on capacity , but it adds a feature that raises the laptop about an inch to a better viewing angle .	viewing angle	neutral
Sturdy construction .	construction	neutral
The first service shop never contacted me ...	service shop	neutral
Both of those machines have the pointer buttons as part of the touch pad , rather than a separate toggle type button used on the Asus .	pointer buttons	neutral
Both of those machines have the pointer buttons as part of the touch pad , rather than a separate toggle type button used on the Asus .	touch pad	neutral
3 ( loaded with pics , music , Microsoft Office , etc )	Microsoft Office	neutral
Unfortunately , the second keyboard had the same issues , and now , a few months later I notice that it is cracked and the plastic that goes between the keys pulls right up along the hairline crack .	keyboard	neutral
Unfortunately , the second keyboard had the same issues , and now , a few months later I notice that it is cracked and the plastic that goes between the keys pulls right up along the hairline crack .	plastic	neutral
Unfortunately , the second keyboard had the same issues , and now , a few months later I notice that it is cracked and the plastic that goes between the keys pulls right up along the hairline crack .	keys	neutral
This device would not convert HDMI to analog video .	HDMI	neutral
Does what it is meant to do and works perfectly with my LG 47LW6500 !	works	neutral
Anyway , I probably wo n't use this protector for that long given the rubbery feel and lack of real glare reduction .	protector	neutral
Anyway , I probably wo n't use this protector for that long given the rubbery feel and lack of real glare reduction .	glare	neutral
The design makes it so different usb plugs are n't crowding each other .	design	neutral
The design makes it so different usb plugs are n't crowding each other .	usb plugs	neutral
can fit the power cord in outside pocket . or headphones or screen wipes .	power cord	neutral
can fit the power cord in outside pocket . or headphones or screen wipes .	headphones	neutral
can fit the power cord in outside pocket . or headphones or screen wipes .	screen wipes	neutral
Read the fine print on this -- this product does not convert or reduce electrical voltage -- essentially what this does is provide a physical way for ( insert your country 's ) plug to fit into ( insert destination country 's ) plug .	electrical voltage	neutral
Read the fine print on this -- this product does not convert or reduce electrical voltage -- essentially what this does is provide a physical way for ( insert your country 's ) plug to fit into ( insert destination country 's ) plug .	plug	neutral
The price was soooo much lower than all of the other stores	price	neutral
I am by no means a hard core gamer	hard core	neutral
Now I ca n't run it unless I pull the wire somehow and keep the USB plugged at an odd angle .	wire	neutral
Now I ca n't run it unless I pull the wire somehow and keep the USB plugged at an odd angle .	USB	neutral
There 's also no Ethernet port ( given how thin it is ) , no optical drive ( which might be a plus for you ) , and no external media card reader .	Ethernet port	neutral
There 's also no Ethernet port ( given how thin it is ) , no optical drive ( which might be a plus for you ) , and no external media card reader .	optical drive	neutral
There 's also no Ethernet port ( given how thin it is ) , no optical drive ( which might be a plus for you ) , and no external media card reader .	external media card reader	neutral
When I got this item , it was the kind that has very small wires internally .	wires	neutral
Overall I would recommend this as a cheap alternative to paying the high replacement costs manufacturers expect .	replacement costs	neutral
The recent sequel was fun as well , and when I noticed the Monster Tron Light Disk Audio Dock on Amazon I immediately coveted it .	Monster Tron Light Disk Audio Dock	neutral
The lights eventually got flickery , but that is the worst thing I can say about it .	lights	neutral
( yeah , the advertised 6h is a bit exaggerated , but 4 . 5 is still plenty).- Enough processor power to handle Vista / Win 7 and basic apps without stuttering.- Excellent webcam - truly optimized for low light.- Almost full size keyboard , except 2 keys ( see below).Not - so - pros:-	processor power	neutral
( yeah , the advertised 6h is a bit exaggerated , but 4 . 5 is still plenty).- Enough processor power to handle Vista / Win 7 and basic apps without stuttering.- Excellent webcam - truly optimized for low light.- Almost full size keyboard , except 2 keys ( see below).Not - so - pros:-	Vista	neutral
( yeah , the advertised 6h is a bit exaggerated , but 4 . 5 is still plenty).- Enough processor power to handle Vista / Win 7 and basic apps without stuttering.- Excellent webcam - truly optimized for low light.- Almost full size keyboard , except 2 keys ( see below).Not - so - pros:-	Win 7	neutral
( yeah , the advertised 6h is a bit exaggerated , but 4 . 5 is still plenty).- Enough processor power to handle Vista / Win 7 and basic apps without stuttering.- Excellent webcam - truly optimized for low light.- Almost full size keyboard , except 2 keys ( see below).Not - so - pros:-	apps	neutral
( yeah , the advertised 6h is a bit exaggerated , but 4 . 5 is still plenty).- Enough processor power to handle Vista / Win 7 and basic apps without stuttering.- Excellent webcam - truly optimized for low light.- Almost full size keyboard , except 2 keys ( see below).Not - so - pros:-	webcam	neutral
( yeah , the advertised 6h is a bit exaggerated , but 4 . 5 is still plenty).- Enough processor power to handle Vista / Win 7 and basic apps without stuttering.- Excellent webcam - truly optimized for low light.- Almost full size keyboard , except 2 keys ( see below).Not - so - pros:-	keyboard	neutral
Perfect fit , perfect look , perfect feel , and perfect price .	look	neutral
Perfect fit , perfect look , perfect feel , and perfect price .	feel	neutral
Perfect fit , perfect look , perfect feel , and perfect price .	price	neutral
The Z130 's are somewhat smaller than the S120 's and sell for just about the same price .	price	neutral
* Appears * to be solidly built .	built	neutral
THRILLED in fact since I really do n't want to buy a new laptop when the reviews are often so depressing and Windows 8 looks like a bear .	Windows 8	neutral
The " Touch Media Controls " for things like the volume ( as opposed to buttons you push ) are a little odd at first but we got used to them quickly	Touch Media Controls	neutral
The " Touch Media Controls " for things like the volume ( as opposed to buttons you push ) are a little odd at first but we got used to them quickly	volume	neutral
Took it home , initial impression was pretty good , sounds quite close to the UE mobile boombox .	sounds	neutral
With this cooler , even running the most taxing programs , my computer barely breaks a sweat !	programs	neutral
The 1000HE comes with StarOffice and Skype pre - installed .	StarOffice	neutral
The 1000HE comes with StarOffice and Skype pre - installed .	Skype	neutral
Toshiba has teamed with Skype and therefore the camera is set specially for this service .	Skype	neutral
Toshiba has teamed with Skype and therefore the camera is set specially for this service .	camera	neutral
Toshiba has teamed with Skype and therefore the camera is set specially for this service .	service	neutral
Price has gone up , so a bit overpriced now .... but worth it !	Price	neutral
so there 's a lot more friction now that the protector 's on the screen .	protector	neutral
so there 's a lot more friction now that the protector 's on the screen .	screen	neutral
I could n't have asked for a better experience in purchasing this replacement battery from Amazon .	battery	neutral
It does the job and it only cost $ 20 .	cost	neutral
The range is surprisingly good .	range	neutral
There are some drops , but not enough to care about since the price is perfect .	price	neutral
. 1 and a Linux user since at least Red Hat Linux 6	Linux 6	neutral
It 's become clear to me that my criticisms over the size , weight , and battery life of this laptop were very minor nits .	size	neutral
It 's become clear to me that my criticisms over the size , weight , and battery life of this laptop were very minor nits .	weight	neutral
It 's become clear to me that my criticisms over the size , weight , and battery life of this laptop were very minor nits .	battery life	neutral
Those of you who received a bad battery with this laptop , it 's the seller 's fault .. be sure to ask them for a good battery .	battery	neutral
Those of you who received a bad battery with this laptop , it 's the seller 's fault .. be sure to ask them for a good battery .	battery	neutral
This seems like the ideal place for your laptop 's power adapter .	power adapter	neutral
that made her very happy - good pricing tooso	pricing	neutral
I did notice a slight lowering of volume in using it in battery mode as opposed to with the AC plugged in .	volume	neutral
I did notice a slight lowering of volume in using it in battery mode as opposed to with the AC plugged in .	battery mode	neutral
I did notice a slight lowering of volume in using it in battery mode as opposed to with the AC plugged in .	AC	neutral
A light internet device with a reasonably small screen that was dead cheap .	screen	neutral
Naming conventions aside , I would still have to give the mouse good reviews , why ?	mouse	neutral
The extension bar seems strong and does not twist as one would think .	extension bar	neutral
so I am very happy with it for the price and value .	price	neutral
so I am very happy with it for the price and value .	value	neutral
Video quality is very poor , HDMI only work for a few old Tv 's sets .	Video quality	neutral
Video quality is very poor , HDMI only work for a few old Tv 's sets .	HDMI	neutral
The 4 gb memory , 500 gb HDD , 1366 x 768 resolution , dvd writer , 720p webcam , hdmi and 2 x USB 3 .	4 gb memory	neutral
The 4 gb memory , 500 gb HDD , 1366 x 768 resolution , dvd writer , 720p webcam , hdmi and 2 x USB 3 .	dvd writer	neutral
The 4 gb memory , 500 gb HDD , 1366 x 768 resolution , dvd writer , 720p webcam , hdmi and 2 x USB 3 .	webcam	neutral
The 4 gb memory , 500 gb HDD , 1366 x 768 resolution , dvd writer , 720p webcam , hdmi and 2 x USB 3 .	hdmi	neutral
Unless you need a number pad , this is perfect for your tablets if you would rather have a real keyboard .	number pad	neutral
Unless you need a number pad , this is perfect for your tablets if you would rather have a real keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
At the price of $ 149 at Dell , I 'd rather plug in the laptop without the battery .	price	neutral
At the price of $ 149 at Dell , I 'd rather plug in the laptop without the battery .	battery	neutral
As advertized , I just leave the receiver plugged into the least accessible USB port on the notebook .	receiver	neutral
As advertized , I just leave the receiver plugged into the least accessible USB port on the notebook .	USB port	neutral
3 inch laptops that are a tight fit in other bags++ Padded laptop sleeve provides added protection and keeps it separated++ Dedicated Tablet / eReader compartment holds up to 10 . 8 inches device ( like an iPad or Samsung Galaxy Tablet ) in an easily accessible front pocket++ Anti - shock pad provides some extra protection to the base++ Padded back panel provides comfort++ Standard integrated waist buckle and padded shoulder straps allow for a snug fit++	Tablet / eReader compartment	neutral
3 inch laptops that are a tight fit in other bags++ Padded laptop sleeve provides added protection and keeps it separated++ Dedicated Tablet / eReader compartment holds up to 10 . 8 inches device ( like an iPad or Samsung Galaxy Tablet ) in an easily accessible front pocket++ Anti - shock pad provides some extra protection to the base++ Padded back panel provides comfort++ Standard integrated waist buckle and padded shoulder straps allow for a snug fit++	Anti - shock pad	neutral
3 inch laptops that are a tight fit in other bags++ Padded laptop sleeve provides added protection and keeps it separated++ Dedicated Tablet / eReader compartment holds up to 10 . 8 inches device ( like an iPad or Samsung Galaxy Tablet ) in an easily accessible front pocket++ Anti - shock pad provides some extra protection to the base++ Padded back panel provides comfort++ Standard integrated waist buckle and padded shoulder straps allow for a snug fit++	back panel	neutral
3 inch laptops that are a tight fit in other bags++ Padded laptop sleeve provides added protection and keeps it separated++ Dedicated Tablet / eReader compartment holds up to 10 . 8 inches device ( like an iPad or Samsung Galaxy Tablet ) in an easily accessible front pocket++ Anti - shock pad provides some extra protection to the base++ Padded back panel provides comfort++ Standard integrated waist buckle and padded shoulder straps allow for a snug fit++	integrated	neutral
3 inch laptops that are a tight fit in other bags++ Padded laptop sleeve provides added protection and keeps it separated++ Dedicated Tablet / eReader compartment holds up to 10 . 8 inches device ( like an iPad or Samsung Galaxy Tablet ) in an easily accessible front pocket++ Anti - shock pad provides some extra protection to the base++ Padded back panel provides comfort++ Standard integrated waist buckle and padded shoulder straps allow for a snug fit++	waist buckle	neutral
3 inch laptops that are a tight fit in other bags++ Padded laptop sleeve provides added protection and keeps it separated++ Dedicated Tablet / eReader compartment holds up to 10 . 8 inches device ( like an iPad or Samsung Galaxy Tablet ) in an easily accessible front pocket++ Anti - shock pad provides some extra protection to the base++ Padded back panel provides comfort++ Standard integrated waist buckle and padded shoulder straps allow for a snug fit++	shoulder straps	neutral
On the hardware side , every Windows machine seems to have some random thing wrong with it .	hardware	neutral
It 's got enough power to do all my daily stuff , but small and light enough to pack along to meetings to take notes on .	power	neutral
Whether you like the new design or not is subjective , but it does retain the thinness ( .69 inches ) and is actually .1	design	neutral
Whether you like the new design or not is subjective , but it does retain the thinness ( .69 inches ) and is actually .1	thinness	neutral
Freezing is minimal and the start / shutdown times are fast !	start /	neutral
Freezing is minimal and the start / shutdown times are fast !	shutdown times	neutral
I 've taken this bag on shoots in Canada where the temps were -40 degrees !	temps	neutral
The price is great .	price	neutral
It was easy and intuitive for her to use .	use	neutral
and I hope I do n't run into that problem!*Speakers : I ca n't really say much about the speakers except that I like their location which is at either side of the keyboard and thus gets out of your way when you lay your wrists on the laptop .	speakers	neutral
and I hope I do n't run into that problem!*Speakers : I ca n't really say much about the speakers except that I like their location which is at either side of the keyboard and thus gets out of your way when you lay your wrists on the laptop .	keyboard	neutral
You can change out power tips ( they include quite a few but I still had to order one for my Blackberry ) .	power tips	neutral
It is the clear design	design	neutral
The touchpad keys wrap around the front , and are designed to be " thumbed " at the front , not pushed down from the top .	touchpad keys	neutral
Insert new chip carefully ( again at an angle somewhat ) and make sure it snaps into place .	chip	neutral
Would recommend buying if the laptop supports the drives shipped .	drives	neutral
It is made surprisingly well and has nice chrome accents .	chrome accents	neutral
The preinstalled Microsoft Office Starter 2010 software is fully function without needing any product key .	preinstalled Microsoft Office Starter 2010 software	neutral
250 GB Sata 2 . 5-Inch .	250 GB Sata 2 . 5-Inch	neutral
I wanted to use both sets , thus the splitter .	splitter	neutral
With my HP G7 completely off & on the 19v setting , from full charge I 'd go from 5 LED 's to 1 .	charge	neutral
Other than this complaint .... a fantastic ipod speaker dock .	speaker dock	neutral
The cable is okay .	cable	neutral
I 'm not sure why because my laptop is the 15 inch screen size .	15 inch screen size	neutral
I have no idea about the durability .	durability	neutral
* THUMB SLIDE :	THUMB SLIDE	neutral
Prepare to spend 1 - 2 hours sorting through and removing the bloatware .	bloatware	neutral
After a few years of independence I realized my supply had run low .	supply	neutral
3 ) the mouse moves smoothly over different surfaces with little drag .	mouse	neutral
And compared to say the HP dockstations ( cradles ) , this product cost far less to make and it has a cheapness about it .	cost	neutral
Pros : The Volume - 1 of these puppies by itself is able to get loud enough to be at the level where I would call it " uncomfortably loud".Battery - Outlasts an 8 hour workday at near max volume and charges up to full in around an hour on my laptop 's usb .	Volume	neutral
Pros : The Volume - 1 of these puppies by itself is able to get loud enough to be at the level where I would call it " uncomfortably loud".Battery - Outlasts an 8 hour workday at near max volume and charges up to full in around an hour on my laptop 's usb .	usb	neutral
The cheapest brand with the same configuration would have costed me more than 1000 USD if I were to buy it here .	configuration	neutral
Bluetooth should be easy to use , not the freaking nightmare it is here .	Bluetooth	neutral
Bluetooth should be easy to use , not the freaking nightmare it is here .	use	neutral
These keyboard covers usually stretch out of shape .	keyboard covers	neutral
I am very pleased with my Cruz reader .	Cruz reader	neutral
Once the correct drivers were installed the connection was quick and simple .	drivers	neutral
Once the correct drivers were installed the connection was quick and simple .	connection	neutral
I have to say this a very quiet fan	fan	neutral
It can also be a pain to reconnect after charging or when the connection is lost .	charging	neutral
It can also be a pain to reconnect after charging or when the connection is lost .	connection	neutral
This device can not be configured to half duplex protocol , although its chip is capable .	duplex protocol	neutral
This device can not be configured to half duplex protocol , although its chip is capable .	chip	neutral
All in all I think this is the best Cooler I 've owned , but it could easily be better , with better construction and quieter operation ...	construction	neutral
All in all I think this is the best Cooler I 've owned , but it could easily be better , with better construction and quieter operation ...	operation	neutral
I had another that hung out the side and got bumped , breaking the board inside package .	board	neutral
Ergonomics , was certainly a key factor in planning the design of this lap desk .	Ergonomics	neutral
Ergonomics , was certainly a key factor in planning the design of this lap desk .	design	neutral
Good value for the price .	price	neutral
2 GB Memory	2 GB Memory	neutral
No driver needed .	driver	neutral
but they should n't be low enough to make this power strip think it is in standby .	power strip	neutral
I bought a cool protective case so now the power cable only goes one direction .	power cable	neutral
and when I plugged it in the reception was horrible and the range was barely 10 ft with no obstructions .	reception	neutral
and when I plugged it in the reception was horrible and the range was barely 10 ft with no obstructions .	range	neutral
As for the smell , I 'd say it was n't that bad .	smell	neutral
To get around that use a program called Quickeys by Startly ( both for Mac and Windows ) .	program	neutral
To get around that use a program called Quickeys by Startly ( both for Mac and Windows ) .	Quickeys	neutral
It 's also worth mentioning that the Anker looks great , very Apple - like product design .	design	neutral
The bag has a main compartment , small fleece lined pocket , second expandable compartment , outside back lower compartment , 2 vertical zipper pockets ( small ) , two outside zipper pockets on either side of the bag , and a small Ipod pocket on the top neckside of the bag .	Ipod pocket	neutral
The function keys provide important functionality you will enjoy when using with your iPad ... you can control music ( play / pause , forward & reverse track select , Mute , Search , Home screen , Screen Lock / Unlock , screen brightness up and down , and virtual keyboard on screen .	function keys	neutral
The function keys provide important functionality you will enjoy when using with your iPad ... you can control music ( play / pause , forward & reverse track select , Mute , Search , Home screen , Screen Lock / Unlock , screen brightness up and down , and virtual keyboard on screen .	Screen	neutral
The function keys provide important functionality you will enjoy when using with your iPad ... you can control music ( play / pause , forward & reverse track select , Mute , Search , Home screen , Screen Lock / Unlock , screen brightness up and down , and virtual keyboard on screen .	screen brightness	neutral
A HD DVR BOX FROM MY CABLE COMPANY FOR LESS	HD DVR	neutral
the only thing is that it does n't work with my external drive , I have to take it out and plug it into my machine instead .	external drive	neutral
It helps to avoid clutter of wires and chargers on the nightstand that we have beside our bed .	chargers	neutral
I use it to power a 5 volt video camera and a 12 volt router for remote video .	5 volt video camera	neutral
The laptop already cost more than a grand , they chose to milk as much money from you as possible by excluding a hardware part that cost a buck at most ( not to mention could n't add a fourth USB port onto this humongous thing).Otherwise it is a very good laptop , albeit quite large and heavy for the 15 " category .	cost	neutral
The laptop already cost more than a grand , they chose to milk as much money from you as possible by excluding a hardware part that cost a buck at most ( not to mention could n't add a fourth USB port onto this humongous thing).Otherwise it is a very good laptop , albeit quite large and heavy for the 15 " category .	hardware	neutral
The laptop already cost more than a grand , they chose to milk as much money from you as possible by excluding a hardware part that cost a buck at most ( not to mention could n't add a fourth USB port onto this humongous thing).Otherwise it is a very good laptop , albeit quite large and heavy for the 15 " category .	USB port	neutral
Certainly , the Audio Technica sounds much better plugged into a computer .	Audio Technica	neutral
Was n't sure what the best way would be to get Internet access from the machine being that I have an Apple Airport Extreme router .	Internet access	neutral
Was n't sure what the best way would be to get Internet access from the machine being that I have an Apple Airport Extreme router .	Airport Extreme router	neutral
Easy to install and setup .	install	neutral
Easy to install and setup .	setup	neutral
One thing I noticed though , is that it 's very easy for this case to get dirty .	case	neutral
There is no extra space for an adapter or anything .	adapter	neutral
Somebody in the company should have said : Stop ! and fix it .	company	neutral
Upon closer examination , I found the internal shield / sleeve was n't made properly .	internal shield / sleeve	neutral
It 's a slim case so room for notebook , power cord and a few office staples .	power cord	neutral
I can deal with it until the Otterbox case 's come out	Otterbox case	neutral
I do n't know how I lived this long without a backlit keyboard .	backlit keyboard	neutral
bought this for my wife so she could use wifi on her desktop only one wall between her and the router but even that is to much .	wifi	neutral
This Viewsonic VX2453MH - LED 24-Inch Ultra - thin Widescreen LED Monitor is not a " true " 24-inch monitor .	24-Inch	neutral
This Viewsonic VX2453MH - LED 24-Inch Ultra - thin Widescreen LED Monitor is not a " true " 24-inch monitor .	Widescreen LED Monitor	neutral
This Viewsonic VX2453MH - LED 24-Inch Ultra - thin Widescreen LED Monitor is not a " true " 24-inch monitor .	24-inch	neutral
I was a bit skeptical of the cooling pads and figured that they mostly worked by elevating the laptop and allowing airflow .	cooling pads	neutral
My favorite is the all in one shopping app .	shopping app	neutral
Starts up in about 12 -15 seconds all the time .	Starts up	neutral
The laptop has one USB 3 . 0 port and 3 USB 2 . 0 .	USB 3 . 0 port	neutral
The laptop has one USB 3 . 0 port and 3 USB 2 . 0 .	USB 2 . 0	neutral
I found was that these speakers far exceeded my expectations .	speakers	neutral
, right size compartments.-Has a subtle look to it , rather than " Yes , I have an expensive camera inside!"-backpack	size	neutral
, right size compartments.-Has a subtle look to it , rather than " Yes , I have an expensive camera inside!"-backpack	compartments.-Has	neutral
If you want to renew your MAC , try with 16 gb of Ram first .	16 gb of Ram	neutral
SanDisk SDMSPD-4096-A11 4 GB Memory Stick Pro Duo ( Retail Package ) :	SanDisk SDMSPD-4096-A11	neutral
SanDisk SDMSPD-4096-A11 4 GB Memory Stick Pro Duo ( Retail Package ) :	4 GB Memory Stick Pro	neutral
The audio is ok , but I use a pair of battery powered speakers and it makes a huge difference .	audio	neutral
The audio is ok , but I use a pair of battery powered speakers and it makes a huge difference .	battery powered	neutral
The audio is ok , but I use a pair of battery powered speakers and it makes a huge difference .	speakers	neutral
See the little UL label on the power supply ?	power supply	neutral
I read info on every cooling system .	cooling system	neutral
I did n't expect it would be great , but it really seems to be be performing well .	performing	neutral
Turned all the way up , there is no distortion , and I can hear it all over this 17'x 36 ' roomCons:- laptop screen might block some of the sound	screen	neutral
Turned all the way up , there is no distortion , and I can hear it all over this 17'x 36 ' roomCons:- laptop screen might block some of the sound	sound	neutral
It dies before the 1 % charge and it 's hard to make it to show the 100 % full charge .	charge	neutral
I also ordered the 2 GB RAM module but got it separately from Crucial instead .	2 GB RAM module	neutral
Although Debian required a little extra work .	Debian	neutral
and i have experience no lag or any difference at all in speed when using only 1 PC .	speed	neutral
These are nice microphones , but if you use them directly into an audio amplifier , you will need a pre - amp - unless your amp .	microphones	neutral
These are nice microphones , but if you use them directly into an audio amplifier , you will need a pre - amp - unless your amp .	audio amplifier	neutral
These are nice microphones , but if you use them directly into an audio amplifier , you will need a pre - amp - unless your amp .	pre - amp	neutral
The audio could be a little more powerful , though .	audio	neutral
I had looked at cases across the board from a low of $ 10 to a high of $ 130 , none of which offered the protection , style , and functionality of the rooCase .	functionality	neutral
One thing to note is that DisplayLink does not support SiS , Matrox or multiple graphic cards setup , such as CrossFire and SLI .	DisplayLink	neutral
One thing to note is that DisplayLink does not support SiS , Matrox or multiple graphic cards setup , such as CrossFire and SLI .	SiS	neutral
One thing to note is that DisplayLink does not support SiS , Matrox or multiple graphic cards setup , such as CrossFire and SLI .	CrossFire	neutral
This means the micro USB charger for my phone	micro USB charger for	neutral
9 ) driver is now available .	driver	neutral
Even though Macs are extremely reliable , Applecare is a necessary option .	Applecare	neutral
The sound is actually quite remarkable given the speaker 's size - perfect for most of my applications , such as listening to radio wirelessly so I can hear it throughout the room and playing music ( though it will never be something for the grand symphonic repertoire , few small speakers , whether stereo or not , are.).It came charged and is very easy and fairly fast to recharge using the enclosed mini - usb cord connected to either a USB port on your computer or , in my case , connecting it to one of the many 5 v. USB iPhone chargers I have laying around .	sound	neutral
The sound is actually quite remarkable given the speaker 's size - perfect for most of my applications , such as listening to radio wirelessly so I can hear it throughout the room and playing music ( though it will never be something for the grand symphonic repertoire , few small speakers , whether stereo or not , are.).It came charged and is very easy and fairly fast to recharge using the enclosed mini - usb cord connected to either a USB port on your computer or , in my case , connecting it to one of the many 5 v. USB iPhone chargers I have laying around .	speaker	neutral
The sound is actually quite remarkable given the speaker 's size - perfect for most of my applications , such as listening to radio wirelessly so I can hear it throughout the room and playing music ( though it will never be something for the grand symphonic repertoire , few small speakers , whether stereo or not , are.).It came charged and is very easy and fairly fast to recharge using the enclosed mini - usb cord connected to either a USB port on your computer or , in my case , connecting it to one of the many 5 v. USB iPhone chargers I have laying around .	size	neutral
The sound is actually quite remarkable given the speaker 's size - perfect for most of my applications , such as listening to radio wirelessly so I can hear it throughout the room and playing music ( though it will never be something for the grand symphonic repertoire , few small speakers , whether stereo or not , are.).It came charged and is very easy and fairly fast to recharge using the enclosed mini - usb cord connected to either a USB port on your computer or , in my case , connecting it to one of the many 5 v. USB iPhone chargers I have laying around .	mini - usb cord	neutral
but it is much faster than USB 2 . 0 .	USB 2 . 0	neutral
We had a problem with the charging connection , which seemed to require a lot of wiggling around of the male plug in the Chromebook 's receptacle .	charging connection	neutral
We had a problem with the charging connection , which seemed to require a lot of wiggling around of the male plug in the Chromebook 's receptacle .	male plug	neutral
We had a problem with the charging connection , which seemed to require a lot of wiggling around of the male plug in the Chromebook 's receptacle .	receptacle	neutral
My HP G62 started showing a flashing orange battery light about one month later .	battery light	neutral
I 've been tempted to see if I can get the media server in the factory firmware to stream to my Roku	media server	neutral
keyboard- Excellent Processor speed ( obviously boss	keyboard-	neutral
keyboard- Excellent Processor speed ( obviously boss	Processor speed	neutral
If you can deal with a mediocre processor and battery life ( and of course , Chrome OS ) , this is a great model .	processor	neutral
If you can deal with a mediocre processor and battery life ( and of course , Chrome OS ) , this is a great model .	battery life	neutral
If you can deal with a mediocre processor and battery life ( and of course , Chrome OS ) , this is a great model .	Chrome OS	neutral
y m&aacute;s si la actualiza a 2 GB de RAM , pero para m&iacute ; definitivamente el teclado es un poco inc&oacute;modo , por lo	2 GB de RAM	neutral
After I saw the quality comparison between the jvc hd camcorder and the canon vixa HF10 ........... the Canon picture quality was breathtaking .	Canon picture quality	neutral
The only complaint I have with this mouse is middle button which you have to push down a little harder on the top for it to " click " but that 's normal with most wheels that scroll side to side ,	mouse	neutral
The only complaint I have with this mouse is middle button which you have to push down a little harder on the top for it to " click " but that 's normal with most wheels that scroll side to side ,	middle button	neutral
and I hope they really reconsider either how they market their products and/or work on getting some better tech support that does n't just refer you to buy another product or call another manufacturer to deal with the problem they should be helping you resolve .	tech support	neutral
I got this pad after trying some others , and i wish i had just gottent his in the first place .	pad	neutral
No need to pay for installation or the hassle of opening a laptop to get the convenience of Bluetooth communication .	Bluetooth communication	neutral
I have found that it charged both devices quickly .. and for sure not slowThe only thing to keep in mind is that the devices must be plugged into the correct ports and the charger must be plugged into the AC correctly Plugging it in the correct direction immediately solving any problems that could arise other wise I'am happy and do n't forget you can use in and out of home Courtesy of S360 solutions .	ports	neutral
I have found that it charged both devices quickly .. and for sure not slowThe only thing to keep in mind is that the devices must be plugged into the correct ports and the charger must be plugged into the AC correctly Plugging it in the correct direction immediately solving any problems that could arise other wise I'am happy and do n't forget you can use in and out of home Courtesy of S360 solutions .	charger	neutral
It is also a very attractive laptop and fast , booting up very quickly .	booting up	neutral
Earlier my display on CRT was moving horizontally and vertically .	display	neutral
Acer online storage !	Acer online storage	neutral
And yes , the ION 2 is on when playing it ) .	ION 2	neutral
so I would n't choose this as a primary gaming machine ( and	gaming	neutral
ear buds and both had horrible sound unless you do n't quite push them all the way into the jack .	ear buds	neutral
ear buds and both had horrible sound unless you do n't quite push them all the way into the jack .	sound	neutral
The material makes it look more expensive than it really is .	material	neutral
I wanted a smal portable keyboard to use with my Kindle Fire HD , but I did n't want a mini keyboard	keyboard	neutral
I wanted a smal portable keyboard to use with my Kindle Fire HD , but I did n't want a mini keyboard	mini keyboard	neutral
I took the dive away from a full OS !	OS	neutral
Windows 7 is good and 4 gb of RAM is good .	Windows 7	neutral
Windows 7 is good and 4 gb of RAM is good .	4 gb of RAM	neutral
* The bag is a bit bulky and can seem cumbersome when fully loaded , but if it was n't this size , there would n't be as much storage space , so really it 's a trade - off .	storage space	neutral
Furthermore , the 14 . 1 " display runs at a resolution of only 1024x768 .	14 . 1 " display	neutral
Great deal to increase your laptop 's life a lttle .	life	neutral
I first ordered their 9 cell battery ( was very bulky	9 cell battery	neutral
But overall , it 's a handy , flexible , well made laptop backpack , and I 'd recommend taking a long look at it , particularly if the MP3 wiring feature is useful to you .	MP3 wiring feature	neutral
ftw if this thing is still 20 $ , throw in a hard drive enclosure and you 've got a perfect free shipment .	hard drive enclosure	neutral
ftw if this thing is still 20 $ , throw in a hard drive enclosure and you 've got a perfect free shipment .	shipment	neutral
and I like the flexible microphone .	flexible microphone	neutral
The ability to adjust the screen in to almost any desired position is no to be under appreciated .	screen	neutral
This device came with the URL to Intel 's driver site , so I went ahead and downloaded the drivers before I shut down the laptop to perform the upgrade .	Intel 's driver site	neutral
This device came with the URL to Intel 's driver site , so I went ahead and downloaded the drivers before I shut down the laptop to perform the upgrade .	drivers	neutral
There is a slightly more yellow ( not like yellow - yellow , just not that bright white of Nexus / tablets ) to the screen that concerned me , but again , even that seems to make more sense for extended typing , etc - it is just not as bright / straining on your eyes .	screen	neutral
Nice design and overall great bag for a 15 . 6 " or smaller laptop / notebook .	design	neutral
The couple things that are weak is the air flow when it is set on high ( on low , the air barely moves).It is a little pricey and for the price you think there should have been 7 more rows of holes in it for the cooling of the battery compartment , that gets really hot and there should be at least 3 extra fans one more at the top and two towards the bottom .	air flow	neutral
The couple things that are weak is the air flow when it is set on high ( on low , the air barely moves).It is a little pricey and for the price you think there should have been 7 more rows of holes in it for the cooling of the battery compartment , that gets really hot and there should be at least 3 extra fans one more at the top and two towards the bottom .	price	neutral
The couple things that are weak is the air flow when it is set on high ( on low , the air barely moves).It is a little pricey and for the price you think there should have been 7 more rows of holes in it for the cooling of the battery compartment , that gets really hot and there should be at least 3 extra fans one more at the top and two towards the bottom .	battery compartment	neutral
The couple things that are weak is the air flow when it is set on high ( on low , the air barely moves).It is a little pricey and for the price you think there should have been 7 more rows of holes in it for the cooling of the battery compartment , that gets really hot and there should be at least 3 extra fans one more at the top and two towards the bottom .	fans	neutral
I use HDMI connection through the cable company 's box and get PIP through that so do n't need that supplied by the tv .	HDMI connection	neutral
I disabled this immediately and installed windows 7I would highly recommend getting Windows 7 on this laptop because I found it to be much more usable after that , however keep in mind that you need to install the USB 3 . 0 drivers in order to get the port to work under Windows 7 , but that was n't difficult to hunt down and install .	windows 7I	neutral
I disabled this immediately and installed windows 7I would highly recommend getting Windows 7 on this laptop because I found it to be much more usable after that , however keep in mind that you need to install the USB 3 . 0 drivers in order to get the port to work under Windows 7 , but that was n't difficult to hunt down and install .	Windows 7	neutral
I disabled this immediately and installed windows 7I would highly recommend getting Windows 7 on this laptop because I found it to be much more usable after that , however keep in mind that you need to install the USB 3 . 0 drivers in order to get the port to work under Windows 7 , but that was n't difficult to hunt down and install .	USB 3 . 0 drivers	neutral
I disabled this immediately and installed windows 7I would highly recommend getting Windows 7 on this laptop because I found it to be much more usable after that , however keep in mind that you need to install the USB 3 . 0 drivers in order to get the port to work under Windows 7 , but that was n't difficult to hunt down and install .	port	neutral
I disabled this immediately and installed windows 7I would highly recommend getting Windows 7 on this laptop because I found it to be much more usable after that , however keep in mind that you need to install the USB 3 . 0 drivers in order to get the port to work under Windows 7 , but that was n't difficult to hunt down and install .	Windows 7	neutral
It 's very convenient to not have to dig out the adapter that came with my Ultrabook from the maze of wires under my desk.(I	adapter	neutral
I have tried worse bluetooth devices then this one .	bluetooth devices	neutral
and I dare say that the physical RAM runs faster than with the stock chip !	physical RAM	neutral
and I dare say that the physical RAM runs faster than with the stock chip !	stock chip	neutral
I love this surface pad for my mac air .	surface pad	neutral
I did n't expect much for the price i got it at but	price	neutral
VERY fast , up to 8 gb of RAM , execellent design , great battery life , great for photo and video editingCONS :	design	neutral
VERY fast , up to 8 gb of RAM , execellent design , great battery life , great for photo and video editingCONS :	battery life	neutral
I chose the safe route and got the 8 GB HP flash drive	8 GB HP flash drive	neutral
, so i returned it and got the rubberized cover instead	rubberized cover	neutral
Original review : So I 've ripped all my Blu - rays to my ( Mac ) computer , now , with this drive and it worked .	drive	neutral
I thought it was the batteries	batteries	neutral
I have it on High Performance .	Performance	neutral
I honestly am not that concerned if the fan dies .	fan	neutral
I got this today , and I do have to say that for the price of the case it is actually pretty nice .	price	neutral
I got this today , and I do have to say that for the price of the case it is actually pretty nice .	case	neutral
Update on 5/9/2013Only problem so far is the DVD - RW application used with Windows Explorer .	DVD - RW application	neutral
Update on 5/9/2013Only problem so far is the DVD - RW application used with Windows Explorer .	Windows Explorer	neutral
The stand is definitely a bonus addition though , my old external HDD works about the same .	stand	neutral
The stand is definitely a bonus addition though , my old external HDD works about the same .	external HDD	neutral
Nice contruction , a long life of battery ( 6 cells ) .	battery	neutral
For a while it would load Windows after a power shutdown and a reboot , but then it stopped doing that .	Windows	neutral
I do like that the touch pad does n't scroll to the left or right on the page , a design on the Dell netbooks that people end up complaining about more than finding efficiency .	touch pad	neutral
being that i will be leaving for college i decided to buy my parents and best friend a webcam as well .	webcam	neutral
The sound is clear and crisp , and I actually enjoy listening to the music coming from this headset .	sound	neutral
Loaded with well designed pockets that can hold a lot when needed .	pockets	neutral
1366x768 ) Keyboard - has a very cheap clicky sound to the keysSummary :	Keyboard	neutral
1366x768 ) Keyboard - has a very cheap clicky sound to the keysSummary :	keysSummary	neutral
The 3 M filter , though , works great in my opinion .	3 M filter	neutral
The built - in speakers are n't great , but are more than adequate for gaming purposes .	built - in speakers	neutral
The built - in speakers are n't great , but are more than adequate for gaming purposes .	gaming	neutral
I would jiggle the wire and the problem would go away only to return the next time I moved my head or would remove the headphones from my head .	wire	neutral
I would jiggle the wire and the problem would go away only to return the next time I moved my head or would remove the headphones from my head .	headphones	neutral
Seems to be a nice sturdy keyboard and case .	keyboard	neutral
Seems to be a nice sturdy keyboard and case .	case	neutral
Unfortunately , the DisplayLink software for the AOC USB display I purchased to extend my laptop 's display was incompatible with the J5 Ultra Station I had ( recently purchased ) been using .	DisplayLink software for the AOC USB display	neutral
Unfortunately , the DisplayLink software for the AOC USB display I purchased to extend my laptop 's display was incompatible with the J5 Ultra Station I had ( recently purchased ) been using .	display	neutral
Unfortunately , the DisplayLink software for the AOC USB display I purchased to extend my laptop 's display was incompatible with the J5 Ultra Station I had ( recently purchased ) been using .	J5 Ultra Station	neutral
These 25 foot cables work really good , the sound quality is great with them .	25 foot cables	neutral
These 25 foot cables work really good , the sound quality is great with them .	sound quality	neutral
Good bass response for headphones much less gaming headphones .	bass response	neutral
Good bass response for headphones much less gaming headphones .	headphones	neutral
Good bass response for headphones much less gaming headphones .	gaming headphones	neutral
A leather sleeve for MacBook Air for this price is ludicrous .	leather sleeve	neutral
A leather sleeve for MacBook Air for this price is ludicrous .	price	neutral
2 ) Memory modules are mismatched .	Memory modules	neutral
I create a lot of videos and store a lot of music on my laptop and my 750 GB onboard drive is maxing out .	750 GB onboard drive	neutral
It is an inexpensive generic brand of the highest quality that meets if not beats the quality of the more expensive brands .	quality	neutral
It is an inexpensive generic brand of the highest quality that meets if not beats the quality of the more expensive brands .	quality	neutral
I have had no problem with connecting anything to it including an external hard drive , everything powers nicely from it .	external hard drive	neutral
I think that touchpad in $ 1 , 400 machine could be more reliable .	touchpad	neutral
Good price .	price	neutral
an L. L. Bean sling bag that holds the computer , power cords , trackball , optical drive , earphones , mini USB hub , manual and cooling pad and the whole thing weighs less than a six pack of bad beer .	power cords	neutral
an L. L. Bean sling bag that holds the computer , power cords , trackball , optical drive , earphones , mini USB hub , manual and cooling pad and the whole thing weighs less than a six pack of bad beer .	trackball	neutral
an L. L. Bean sling bag that holds the computer , power cords , trackball , optical drive , earphones , mini USB hub , manual and cooling pad and the whole thing weighs less than a six pack of bad beer .	optical drive	neutral
an L. L. Bean sling bag that holds the computer , power cords , trackball , optical drive , earphones , mini USB hub , manual and cooling pad and the whole thing weighs less than a six pack of bad beer .	earphones	neutral
an L. L. Bean sling bag that holds the computer , power cords , trackball , optical drive , earphones , mini USB hub , manual and cooling pad and the whole thing weighs less than a six pack of bad beer .	mini USB hub	neutral
an L. L. Bean sling bag that holds the computer , power cords , trackball , optical drive , earphones , mini USB hub , manual and cooling pad and the whole thing weighs less than a six pack of bad beer .	manual	neutral
an L. L. Bean sling bag that holds the computer , power cords , trackball , optical drive , earphones , mini USB hub , manual and cooling pad and the whole thing weighs less than a six pack of bad beer .	cooling pad	neutral
You have to cover the $ 50 shipping , but for $ 1200 you ca n't beat the price .	shipping	neutral
You have to cover the $ 50 shipping , but for $ 1200 you ca n't beat the price .	price	neutral
about 10 - 15 seconds- i assume this is from starting the device drivers and activating the device .	device drivers	neutral
It has class , it 's chic , and I would recommend it to any professional on the go .	class	neutral
She loves the webcam and the memory and video card are fantastic .	webcam	neutral
She loves the webcam and the memory and video card are fantastic .	memory	neutral
She loves the webcam and the memory and video card are fantastic .	video card	neutral
I had another cover that was impossible to pop off .	cover	neutral
best price out side of my town ---best	price	neutral
Only downside it is little hard to insert in express card slot ( put one scratch on mouse due to rubbing with upper of slot ) & price ( yes costly compare to logitech & microsoft )	express card slot	neutral
Only downside it is little hard to insert in express card slot ( put one scratch on mouse due to rubbing with upper of slot ) & price ( yes costly compare to logitech & microsoft )	mouse	neutral
Only downside it is little hard to insert in express card slot ( put one scratch on mouse due to rubbing with upper of slot ) & price ( yes costly compare to logitech & microsoft )	price	neutral
I can plug and play all sorts of things that I could n't find drivers for in Linux .	drivers	neutral
The included Glowball game has amazing graphics .	Glowball game	neutral
The included Glowball game has amazing graphics .	graphics	neutral
The mini ends are very well made and the cable it self is stout .	mini ends	neutral
The mini ends are very well made and the cable it self is stout .	cable	neutral
Despite my disdain for this set , I can honestly say that when it worked the picture quality was great in HD.*****UPDATE*****I finally gave in and took my set to one of the repair shops that Samsung suggested .	picture quality	neutral
In fact , I added a little " home button sticker " that came with a screen protector kit ; problem solved .	home button sticker	neutral
In fact , I added a little " home button sticker " that came with a screen protector kit ; problem solved .	screen protector kit	neutral
When plugged in you get nice HD video from an AMD 6490 M ( when you 're plugged in ) or from an Intel 3000HD when on battery .	HD video	neutral
When plugged in you get nice HD video from an AMD 6490 M ( when you 're plugged in ) or from an Intel 3000HD when on battery .	Intel 3000HD	neutral
This is a pity because the sleeve is such an attractive design .	sleeve	neutral
This is a pity because the sleeve is such an attractive design .	design	neutral
but I have always preferred using a mouse .	mouse	neutral
I recently purchased a second one to leave at work and everyone loves charging their phones with it .	charging	neutral
Structurally , it does feel like a " my first webcam " toy ; almost entirely plastic .	webcam	neutral
Design - wise , there is very , very little to complain about .	Design	neutral
The restricted UI sometimes leaves you wanting .	restricted UI	neutral
Even a tripod plate looks big on the camcorder .	tripod plate	neutral
1 ) Speed when running Adobe Lightroom .	Speed	neutral
1 ) Speed when running Adobe Lightroom .	Adobe Lightroom	neutral
You can move the fans around in case you have multiple computers with different places of CPU / GPU positions .	fans	neutral
You can move the fans around in case you have multiple computers with different places of CPU / GPU positions .	CPU /	neutral
You can move the fans around in case you have multiple computers with different places of CPU / GPU positions .	GPU positions	neutral
This camcorder is going to last me a very long time , it has features that would last a life time .	features	neutral
all the reviews about it 's lack of sturdiness are correct .	sturdiness	neutral
Non HD are not very good .	HD	neutral
So the total amount of USBs this notebook has is 4 . 4 USB ports , 2 of which are 3 . 0 .	USBs	neutral
So the total amount of USBs this notebook has is 4 . 4 USB ports , 2 of which are 3 . 0 .	USB ports	neutral
If you enable this option , the software will automatically back up your data online after it has backed up your data on the backup drive.- Intuitive and Simple BackupChoose the files/	software	neutral
Twice + the original battery on it 's best day !	battery	neutral
The wireless access point is downstairs near the ceiling in the center of the house .	wireless access point	neutral
A couple of other reviewers have noted that this pack is very durable , and the build construction seems to suggest they are correct .	build construction	neutral
For the price I 'd say it 's great .	price	neutral
I was kind of reluctant because it seemed to be made of cheap plastic and had a unconvincing glossy black paint .	paint	neutral
I know that some people have complained about the Sling but for me it has worked flawlessly on my iphone and my ipad ( I just watch and pause	Sling	neutral
the only gripe is that the cord from the outlet to the adapter falls out very easily .	cord from the outlet to the adapter	neutral
As far as performance , it runs circles around my recent model Belkin hub that went over the deep end .	performance	neutral
-- I was left assured that the performance on one of these nice little systems was going to be where I wanted it to be at .	performance	neutral
Make certain the camera is turned off when switching the card on or off to avoid corruption of the files on the card .	camera	neutral
Make certain the camera is turned off when switching the card on or off to avoid corruption of the files on the card .	card	neutral
Very cool looking , and just the right size .	size	neutral
A touch pad would make it perfect for me !	touch pad	neutral
NETFLIX look really good on this screen .	NETFLIX	neutral
NETFLIX look really good on this screen .	screen	neutral
I prefer matte to glossy screens	screens	neutral
I made one unfortunate discovery when setting up this laptop - the power plugs into the middle of the left side of the case .	power plugs	neutral
I biggest concerns was , does it have enough space to fit all my gadgets and chargers and protect my Laptop from abuse .	space	neutral
I have a big , round head and the headset was loose .	headset	neutral
Dimension : almost the same .	Dimension	neutral
99 purchase price .	price	neutral
Because of this design the bottom back corners are loose but should n't cause a problem unless something happens to get snagged in between the case and the laptop .	design	neutral
Because of this design the bottom back corners are loose but should n't cause a problem unless something happens to get snagged in between the case and the laptop .	bottom back corners	neutral
Because of this design the bottom back corners are loose but should n't cause a problem unless something happens to get snagged in between the case and the laptop .	case	neutral
The cable is flexible and the molded micro USB connector is better quality than many I have seen .	cable	neutral
The cable is flexible and the molded micro USB connector is better quality than many I have seen .	molded micro USB connector	neutral
I 've considered upgrading to a retina MBP , but I just love the 17&#34 ; monitor .	17&#34	neutral
We have it set up as an ethernet bridge for our Western Digital media center and wireless repeater .	ethernet bridge	neutral
We have it set up as an ethernet bridge for our Western Digital media center and wireless repeater .	Western Digital media center	neutral
Overall the case / shell feels like what a non - name company would make , or like a toy .	case / shell	neutral
works amazing .	works	neutral
Now I have 1 charger and a killer cool cable that will charge my ipad and my micro - usb phone .	charger	neutral
Now I have 1 charger and a killer cool cable that will charge my ipad and my micro - usb phone .	cable	neutral
Note that from a nearly dead state it took me almost 10 hours to charge it fully from a PC USB port .	charge	neutral
When I tried the transmitter elsewhere , it worked just fine .	transmitter	neutral
Adds just a little size , but still fits into my snug little case .	size	neutral
I turned the switch so it clicked on and the three 80 mm x 10 mm fans spin up for a split second	switch	neutral
I turned the switch so it clicked on and the three 80 mm x 10 mm fans spin up for a split second	fans	neutral
When I bought this product ( via Amazon ) months ago , I was lucky : It was offered at a deep discount price .	price	neutral
Here are my thoughts , notes and comments from my use so far : On sleep , turns off music .	sleep	neutral
I use a MacBook Pro and OS X as my work machine and needed a secondary laptop for personal use .	OS X	neutral
The place for the camera is spacious and has more netted and zipped compartments here .	compartments	neutral
RAM was immediately recognized , all 8 GB is addressable .	RAM	neutral
I received my unit with two of the tabs broken on one of the fans right out of the box !	fans	neutral
The Adventure 9 is not all good , however .	Adventure 9	neutral
Large , spacious , glossy screen .	screen	neutral
Plus the battery life on it is just as good now then it was the day I bought it .	battery life	neutral
It fits perfectly with my Boa back pack , I do n't know how long the elastic strips will last , but , so far so good when it wears out I will get another one .	elastic strips	neutral
I purchased this drive for secure backup and it failed during the first week of use .	drive	neutral
and I 'll put in a screaming fast 256gig SSD , and for this model it is confirmed that you can upgrade to 16gig ..	256gig SSD	neutral
and it works great .	works	neutral
I tried some of the other suggested fixes via Device Manager , such as switching the flow to hardware and reducing the receive and transmit buffers to 1 , but my laptop still crashed and I get an DRIVER_IRQL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL BSOD computer crash .	Device Manager	neutral
I tried some of the other suggested fixes via Device Manager , such as switching the flow to hardware and reducing the receive and transmit buffers to 1 , but my laptop still crashed and I get an DRIVER_IRQL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL BSOD computer crash .	hardware	neutral
I tried some of the other suggested fixes via Device Manager , such as switching the flow to hardware and reducing the receive and transmit buffers to 1 , but my laptop still crashed and I get an DRIVER_IRQL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL BSOD computer crash .	DRIVER_IRQL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL	neutral
but I received a new adapter from the seller and this one works perfectly .	adapter	neutral
The first drive is for data and the second is to back up the first one .	drive	neutral
The charger connector stopped charging within 3 weeks .	charger connector	neutral
Great value for the price .	price	neutral
Lot of junk cables ; have never had a problem with Blue Rigger products .	cables	neutral
If you , however , do n't need all that and are simply looking for a stylin ' communication and Microsoft Office system , I 'd take a hard look at the Dell .	Microsoft Office system	neutral
The keyboard is good ... but all things considered , I wish I had bought another brand .	keyboard	neutral
Very well made , high quality cable .	cable	neutral
The sound is rich and full with base you could swear you can feel .	sound	neutral
The sound is rich and full with base you could swear you can feel .	base	neutral
Also , I have to agree with other reviewers who have pointed out that this battery does not seem to fit quite as snugly as it should .	battery	neutral
There is an annoying compatibility issue between the two Syba SATA to USB 3 . 0 adapters that I own with my host USB 3 . 0	compatibility	neutral
There is an annoying compatibility issue between the two Syba SATA to USB 3 . 0 adapters that I own with my host USB 3 . 0	SATA to	neutral
There is an annoying compatibility issue between the two Syba SATA to USB 3 . 0 adapters that I own with my host USB 3 . 0	USB 3 . 0 adapters	neutral
There is an annoying compatibility issue between the two Syba SATA to USB 3 . 0 adapters that I own with my host USB 3 . 0	USB 3 . 0	neutral
And this new processor is a total beast too .	processor	neutral
I paid $ 65 . 00 from a local dealer and it keeps telling me that it did not have enough power to charge the battery .	power	neutral
I paid $ 65 . 00 from a local dealer and it keeps telling me that it did not have enough power to charge the battery .	battery	neutral
It seems that even the cheapest Bluetooth speakerphone and audio devices are capable of pairing to at least two devices , so for the money spent , this is a let down .	Bluetooth speakerphone	neutral
LaCie wants me to pay them more money to send it in , on my dime , and have them replace it with another piece of junk .	LaCie	neutral
this was actually appropriate for , but I liked the price and figured I 'd try it .	price	neutral
As with everything , the price varies .	price	neutral
RPM ( should n't be complaining because I new it before I made purchase ) , could be upgraded to SSD2 .	RPM	neutral
RPM ( should n't be complaining because I new it before I made purchase ) , could be upgraded to SSD2 .	SSD2	neutral
I added this card to a desktop computer with only a 10/100/ LAN port and an available PCIe x1 slot .	PCIe x1 slot	neutral
Do n't be put off by the graphical START page .	graphical START page	neutral
Room for a mouse and power cord .	mouse	neutral
Room for a mouse and power cord .	power cord	neutral
On a side note there is another model that has a battery option for an additional $ 100	battery option	neutral
This AC Adapter has the proper bullet tip on it .	AC Adapter	neutral
This AC Adapter has the proper bullet tip on it .	bullet tip	neutral
The display would switch to power saving mode when connected to the adapter .	display	neutral
The display would switch to power saving mode when connected to the adapter .	adapter	neutral
After some intial Set - Up problems this company stepped up to the plate & came through for me by providing " Amazing Customer Service	Set - Up	neutral
After some intial Set - Up problems this company stepped up to the plate & came through for me by providing " Amazing Customer Service	Customer Service	neutral
This means that I will have to throw out a perfectly good laser printer .	laser printer	neutral
I put on the carbon fiber protector and did a much better job with it the second time .	carbon fiber protector	neutral
Once this unit is out of warranty , it 's just a matter of time and luck before it 's useless.=======	warranty	neutral
I suppose people were complaining about the battery life being too long .	battery life	neutral
The throughput on the 5GHz cards pegs our internet connection in the mid-30s where this card speed tested in the low 20s to mid 20s range .	throughput	neutral
The throughput on the 5GHz cards pegs our internet connection in the mid-30s where this card speed tested in the low 20s to mid 20s range .	internet connection	neutral
Dropped right into the slot and works very well .	works	neutral
The only reason I did n't give it five stars is it does not have a physical ethernet port , which disappointed me .	ethernet port	neutral
I do n't like the location of the power button	power button	neutral
It does come with a chest belt ( but not with a hip belt however ) that is not placed low enough on the carrying supports , but at least the tension imposed on your chest can be readily adjusted .	chest belt	neutral
It does come with a chest belt ( but not with a hip belt however ) that is not placed low enough on the carrying supports , but at least the tension imposed on your chest can be readily adjusted .	hip	neutral
It does come with a chest belt ( but not with a hip belt however ) that is not placed low enough on the carrying supports , but at least the tension imposed on your chest can be readily adjusted .	carrying supports	neutral
" BUT work perfectly when plugged directly into the PC or the hub continually cuts on and off a device .	hub	neutral
and it puts my screen at a perfect height .	screen	neutral
You might also need a 10 foot mini cable to connect the sound .	sound	neutral
The light on the hub is very bright .	light	neutral
The light on the hub is very bright .	hub	neutral
The extra RAM is nice --- it means paging on my iMac moves from being a rare occurrence to a non - existent occurrence , and allows that much more file system data to be stored in RAM;- iMac will show the speed of your combined system ( if you bought only two sticks , not four ) as 1333 MHz , not 1600;-	extra RAM	neutral
The extra RAM is nice --- it means paging on my iMac moves from being a rare occurrence to a non - existent occurrence , and allows that much more file system data to be stored in RAM;- iMac will show the speed of your combined system ( if you bought only two sticks , not four ) as 1333 MHz , not 1600;-	file system	neutral
The extra RAM is nice --- it means paging on my iMac moves from being a rare occurrence to a non - existent occurrence , and allows that much more file system data to be stored in RAM;- iMac will show the speed of your combined system ( if you bought only two sticks , not four ) as 1333 MHz , not 1600;-	RAM;-	neutral
The extra RAM is nice --- it means paging on my iMac moves from being a rare occurrence to a non - existent occurrence , and allows that much more file system data to be stored in RAM;- iMac will show the speed of your combined system ( if you bought only two sticks , not four ) as 1333 MHz , not 1600;-	speed	neutral
The bad : Attached USB storage transfer is very slow .	Attached	neutral
The bad : Attached USB storage transfer is very slow .	USB storage transfer	neutral
It was a nice laptop but with the Glass on top	Glass	neutral
As such , it lasts almost a full 10 hours under light useage - heavy useage , I suspect , could reduce that to closer to 4 - 5 hours - whereas the stock battery , under light useage , will last no more than two hours , with a corresponding reduction on time for heavy use .	useage	neutral
As such , it lasts almost a full 10 hours under light useage - heavy useage , I suspect , could reduce that to closer to 4 - 5 hours - whereas the stock battery , under light useage , will last no more than two hours , with a corresponding reduction on time for heavy use .	battery	neutral
the adapter works just fine .	adapter	neutral
Performance so far has been great , picture color and clarity is perfect .	Performance	neutral
Performance so far has been great , picture color and clarity is perfect .	picture color	neutral
Performance so far has been great , picture color and clarity is perfect .	clarity	neutral
I personally use it for my mobile external hard drive ( for backups ) , mp3 player , printer , and usb thumb drives .	mobile external hard drive	neutral
I personally use it for my mobile external hard drive ( for backups ) , mp3 player , printer , and usb thumb drives .	mp3 player	neutral
I personally use it for my mobile external hard drive ( for backups ) , mp3 player , printer , and usb thumb drives .	usb thumb drives	neutral
The xtra bonus is the four adjustable LED lights .	LED lights	neutral
There is no time to reposition the wire holder .	wire holder	neutral
I would have liked it to come with a small case	case	neutral
However if I did n't need the pen I would be happier with the Asus transformer , or and iPad ( although I personally dislike apple products).Pro's:-The stylus is really the big advantage of this tablet .	pen	neutral
However if I did n't need the pen I would be happier with the Asus transformer , or and iPad ( although I personally dislike apple products).Pro's:-The stylus is really the big advantage of this tablet .	stylus	neutral
If it seems to stop working , remove the offending devise immediately .	devise	neutral
For Vista , and its successor Windows 7 , to better compete against the Mac OS in the laptop market space , it needs to greatly enhance its battery life and substantially lower its heat output .	Vista	neutral
For Vista , and its successor Windows 7 , to better compete against the Mac OS in the laptop market space , it needs to greatly enhance its battery life and substantially lower its heat output .	Windows 7	neutral
For Vista , and its successor Windows 7 , to better compete against the Mac OS in the laptop market space , it needs to greatly enhance its battery life and substantially lower its heat output .	Mac OS	neutral
For Vista , and its successor Windows 7 , to better compete against the Mac OS in the laptop market space , it needs to greatly enhance its battery life and substantially lower its heat output .	battery life	neutral
For Vista , and its successor Windows 7 , to better compete against the Mac OS in the laptop market space , it needs to greatly enhance its battery life and substantially lower its heat output .	heat output	neutral
You can use this device as a remote ethernet that connects to your wifi router and then offers an ethernet port to connect a device to your network .	ethernet port	neutral
I might add that I bought the Acer 720 model with 4 GB RAM .	4 GB RAM	neutral
However , the screen still is crisp and beautiful for a non - retina screen .	screen	neutral
This thing is perfect - lightweight - long battery - fast - great display - good memory when expanded to 2 gb ( I highly recommend this )	battery	neutral
This thing is perfect - lightweight - long battery - fast - great display - good memory when expanded to 2 gb ( I highly recommend this )	display	neutral
This thing is perfect - lightweight - long battery - fast - great display - good memory when expanded to 2 gb ( I highly recommend this )	memory	neutral
and it fits the connector on the Aspire as described	connector	neutral
Once when the fan clunked out .	fan	neutral
In my mind , the real question is the QC on drive production ... is this drive built to last , or another dud ?	drive production	neutral
In my mind , the real question is the QC on drive production ... is this drive built to last , or another dud ?	drive	neutral
The Operating SystemThe OS running this phone is Windows CE .	Operating SystemThe	neutral
The Operating SystemThe OS running this phone is Windows CE .	OS	neutral
The Operating SystemThe OS running this phone is Windows CE .	Windows CE	neutral
so this problem can be fixed easily ... maybe the matte version is better)- Booting time becomes a little bit slower as time passes ( it used to boot up real fast but now it 's kind of slower ... not TOO slow	Booting time	neutral
so this problem can be fixed easily ... maybe the matte version is better)- Booting time becomes a little bit slower as time passes ( it used to boot up real fast but now it 's kind of slower ... not TOO slow	boot up	neutral
I was attracted to the compact design because of the limited area in my Volvo S40 's center console .	design	neutral
I am using this a PC monitor cable to an LED display .	LED display	neutral
The interface just reminds me of users that would put all kinds of shortcuts on their desktop , way too cluttered for my taste .	interface	neutral
The interface just reminds me of users that would put all kinds of shortcuts on their desktop , way too cluttered for my taste .	shortcuts	neutral
While the overall quality of this backpack is first rate , however , the handle sewn on top of the fabric is inadequate .	quality	neutral
While the overall quality of this backpack is first rate , however , the handle sewn on top of the fabric is inadequate .	handle sewn	neutral
While the overall quality of this backpack is first rate , however , the handle sewn on top of the fabric is inadequate .	fabric	neutral
This was a nice extra feature , as I can connect to my external display without any adapters.- The size .	feature	neutral
This was a nice extra feature , as I can connect to my external display without any adapters.- The size .	external display	neutral
This was a nice extra feature , as I can connect to my external display without any adapters.- The size .	size	neutral
The skins protected against scratches , but nothing else .	skins	neutral
It kind of defeats the purpose of having a remote if you have to walk over to the computer to use it .	remote	neutral
Be smart , get another charger that does not have ' overheats ' or ' runs hot ' showing up in the review section .	charger	neutral
fm qty sucks lol but at least its a usb charger	usb charger	neutral
I 've purchased these drives twice .	drives	neutral
no input lag and the colors are amazing .	input lag	neutral
no input lag and the colors are amazing .	colors	neutral
I do understand that theoretically that is not possible because the optical sensor only tracks movements of the surface it is on regardless of the direction of the Bluetooth radio source , but I wo n't also be leaving this review if I do n't feel convinced of the discovered flaw after doing multiple tests .	optical sensor	neutral
Works fine for toshiba laptop .	Works	neutral
The book and the speakers were shipped separately ( and arrived on separate days).Unfortunately , Galactics ( or whoever did the actual shipping ) packed these speakers in a HUGE box which was loosely filled with packing paper .	speakers	neutral
The book and the speakers were shipped separately ( and arrived on separate days).Unfortunately , Galactics ( or whoever did the actual shipping ) packed these speakers in a HUGE box which was loosely filled with packing paper .	speakers	neutral
Their claim of clarity is true in my opinion .	clarity	neutral
Amazing value , this 6 pack will last me a while now .	6 pack	neutral
color was dead on to photographs .	color	neutral
I would n't want to go any smaller than the ten inch screen on the Asus .	ten inch screen	neutral
There is a small button above the mouse , that when hit stops the mouse from working .	button	neutral
There is a small button above the mouse , that when hit stops the mouse from working .	mouse	neutral
There is a small button above the mouse , that when hit stops the mouse from working .	mouse	neutral
Also killing the running processes in the background may help , I always kill them anyway so the battery lasts longer .	running processes	neutral
Also killing the running processes in the background may help , I always kill them anyway so the battery lasts longer .	battery	neutral
no scroll nor anything ) .	scroll	neutral
It does come with what appears to be a VGA adapter	VGA adapter	neutral
In last 7 minths I have tested several aspects of this router and no wonder it is still at almost same price and a top - seller .	price	neutral
The setting on both were High Performance and medium brightness .	Performance	neutral
The setting on both were High Performance and medium brightness .	brightness	neutral
The film will bond tightly around any particles that get between the film and the screen , making them less of an annoyance .	screen	neutral
I was looking for a light , portable surfing tool with a good screen .	surfing	neutral
I was looking for a light , portable surfing tool with a good screen .	screen	neutral
If it were made in the US of A and had better bass it would be a 5 star product even if it cost the full $ 50	bass	neutral
The charge only port is a nice touch for tablet owners lacking a charger , but I 'd rather have another normal port .	charge only port	neutral
The charge only port is a nice touch for tablet owners lacking a charger , but I 'd rather have another normal port .	charger	neutral
The charge only port is a nice touch for tablet owners lacking a charger , but I 'd rather have another normal port .	port	neutral
Pet peeve : after doing a lot of web surfing and multitasking , aka typing and moving the cursor around and clicking here and there .. the touchpad glitch ( keyboard to touchpad delay ) gets in the way ; google it for more info .	web surfing	neutral
Pet peeve : after doing a lot of web surfing and multitasking , aka typing and moving the cursor around and clicking here and there .. the touchpad glitch ( keyboard to touchpad delay ) gets in the way ; google it for more info .	cursor	neutral
Pet peeve : after doing a lot of web surfing and multitasking , aka typing and moving the cursor around and clicking here and there .. the touchpad glitch ( keyboard to touchpad delay ) gets in the way ; google it for more info .	touchpad glitch	neutral
Pet peeve : after doing a lot of web surfing and multitasking , aka typing and moving the cursor around and clicking here and there .. the touchpad glitch ( keyboard to touchpad delay ) gets in the way ; google it for more info .	keyboard to	neutral
Pet peeve : after doing a lot of web surfing and multitasking , aka typing and moving the cursor around and clicking here and there .. the touchpad glitch ( keyboard to touchpad delay ) gets in the way ; google it for more info .	touchpad delay	neutral
I use this on my tower as I have used all of my SATA ports on Hard Drives .	SATA ports	neutral
I am very happy with this mouse .	mouse	neutral
You may need to use Disk Management to add an external drive .	Disk Management	neutral
You may need to use Disk Management to add an external drive .	external drive	neutral
I was looking for a case that would protect the device and have a spot to store the charging cable .	case	neutral
I was looking for a case that would protect the device and have a spot to store the charging cable .	charging cable	neutral
I have an after market handle that serves as a lift for my computer to allow the bottom of it to breath , but it still does n't cool it enough , and the fans still come on .	bottom	neutral
I have an after market handle that serves as a lift for my computer to allow the bottom of it to breath , but it still does n't cool it enough , and the fans still come on .	fans	neutral
* Never hammer a nail into the battery pack.*Never hit a hammer on the battery pack .	battery pack.*Never	neutral
* Never hammer a nail into the battery pack.*Never hit a hammer on the battery pack .	battery pack	neutral
The connections are very tight and secure , so you do n't have to worry about them coming apart at all .	connections	neutral
But the FM reception is so bad that this radio is worthy of only 2 stars .	FM reception	neutral
It has adjustable tilt and the fans are super quiet , you hardly notice that they are on .	tilt	neutral
It has adjustable tilt and the fans are super quiet , you hardly notice that they are on .	fans	neutral
He light the feel of the strap and over thought it was a great product .	strap	neutral
I purchased a memory card in case I need to download small files & such .	memory card	neutral
The video quality of the Mino is the same as an Ultra .	video quality	neutral
The CD comes with some really good utilities to measure speed etc ....	utilities	neutral
The CD comes with some really good utilities to measure speed etc ....	speed	neutral
By the way , the spec ( size , weight , etc ) listed on amazon .	spec	neutral
By the way , the spec ( size , weight , etc ) listed on amazon .	size	neutral
By the way , the spec ( size , weight , etc ) listed on amazon .	weight	neutral
Not the kind of zipper that is going to rip open or unzip due to being flung about .	zipper	neutral
I have never had a laptop that did n't have the fan blowing really hard and constant .	fan	neutral
You must press hard to get the keys to register ...	keys	neutral
I used it for my Hackintosh running Mavericks 10 .	Mavericks 10 .	neutral
Finally with prices coming down	prices	neutral
Near that large clip is a large tension lever that allows you to very quickly change the tension ( length ) of the shoulder strap .	tension lever	neutral
Near that large clip is a large tension lever that allows you to very quickly change the tension ( length ) of the shoulder strap .	length	neutral
Near that large clip is a large tension lever that allows you to very quickly change the tension ( length ) of the shoulder strap .	shoulder strap	neutral
and they 've prepaid return shipping and will be refunding the cost of the item with no hassles whatsoever .	cost	neutral
bags).Because I like the bag , and wanted a matching strap	strap	neutral
I usually do n't buy high quality laptops like this , so the build feels very nice for my standards .	build	neutral
Given the limited storage capacity though , I will most likely use DivX files or h264	storage capacity	neutral
It 's still impressive for an external USB video card , though .	external USB video card	neutral
After purchasing the dell venue 11 , they lied about having a working digitizer until this pen came along .	digitizer	neutral
After purchasing the dell venue 11 , they lied about having a working digitizer until this pen came along .	pen	neutral
With multi - functions for less than 15 bucks , this mouse works smoothly and flawlessly .	multi - functions	neutral
With multi - functions for less than 15 bucks , this mouse works smoothly and flawlessly .	mouse	neutral
Installing the drive was quick and easy .	drive	neutral
The battery also completely covers the earphone port .	battery	neutral
The battery also completely covers the earphone port .	earphone port	neutral
It 's about 20 little packets of plain , white thermal grease .	thermal grease	neutral
It 's cheaper to protect a hard drive than have it repaired or recovered .	hard drive	neutral
and it seemed to help quite a bit - dropping the temp to an average of 51 .	temp	neutral
This may affct the battery life .	battery life	neutral
Whenever music or lower notes resonated , it sounded like the trackpad itself rattled in place .	trackpad	neutral
Not sure if I 'm being anal because it works but the instructions seem to be wrong , or because it worries me that maybe something is just wrong with my unit and it will go blooey in the middle of nowhere .	instructions	neutral
While it has plenty of raw space for things like chargers , spare batteries , calculators , and office items , there are few ways to organize stuff effectively .	space	neutral
While it has plenty of raw space for things like chargers , spare batteries , calculators , and office items , there are few ways to organize stuff effectively .	chargers	neutral
While it has plenty of raw space for things like chargers , spare batteries , calculators , and office items , there are few ways to organize stuff effectively .	batteries	neutral
I have not had a problem with ejecting the disc .	disc	neutral
98 to the already low price	price	neutral
This little thing has a great sound , plenty to overpower shower sounds and still be clear enough to listen to spoken word at 2x .	sound	neutral
The screen is really sharp and the power supply is so small and light .	screen	neutral
The screen is really sharp and the power supply is so small and light .	power supply	neutral
Samsung 's touchpad is smooth , easy to control and does what you want - that 's saying a lot for Windows laptops which are notoriously terrible at building good touchpads ( which is frankly	touchpad	neutral
Samsung 's touchpad is smooth , easy to control and does what you want - that 's saying a lot for Windows laptops which are notoriously terrible at building good touchpads ( which is frankly	touchpads	neutral
d - sub wo n't work even when using adapters .	d - sub	neutral
d - sub wo n't work even when using adapters .	adapters	neutral
It actually sticks out farther than the clip mount tab .	clip mount tab	neutral
The screen started failing after 2 weeks of use , and after that a vertical line on pixels was dead .	screen	neutral
The product allows for simultaneous charging of at least two products using existing USB cables , as long as the port is plugged in the wall , and a " wall outlet " in the back as well , so theoretically one could charge two devices and their computer in this as long as its plugged in the wall .	USB cables	neutral
The product allows for simultaneous charging of at least two products using existing USB cables , as long as the port is plugged in the wall , and a " wall outlet " in the back as well , so theoretically one could charge two devices and their computer in this as long as its plugged in the wall .	port	neutral
The product allows for simultaneous charging of at least two products using existing USB cables , as long as the port is plugged in the wall , and a " wall outlet " in the back as well , so theoretically one could charge two devices and their computer in this as long as its plugged in the wall .	wall outlet	neutral
LightCleanCheapNo extra pockets .... that I will not to use them !	pockets	neutral
Also , there 's a 3 . 5 mm Aux input in case you have a device that does n't have Bluetooth .	Bluetooth	neutral
The topside lights up when touched and I was able to control the volume and even skip forward on some of the more compliant apps .	topside	neutral
The topside lights up when touched and I was able to control the volume and even skip forward on some of the more compliant apps .	volume	neutral
This stand allows you to read text and watch videos ( the stand allows you to switch from portrait to landscape and vice versa easily ) at a more proper level when placed on a table .	stand	neutral
This stand allows you to read text and watch videos ( the stand allows you to switch from portrait to landscape and vice versa easily ) at a more proper level when placed on a table .	stand	neutral
I 'll be looking for another holder for my memory cards .	memory cards	neutral
You can feel how protective the case is if you just grab it .	case	neutral
There is still room left over in the top for other items , and the back panel for a medium size laptop .	back panel	neutral
A huge percentage of my laptop / tablet use is for web browsing and emailing .	web browsing	neutral
This computer boots up from completely off so fast ! !	boots up	neutral
The item was delivered quickly , packaging was outstanding .	packaging	neutral
It is perfect for eliminating cable mess , which is what I bought it for .	cable	neutral
Keys type quietly enough .	Keys	neutral
There were many bugs in Honeycomb , and even more in ICS .	Honeycomb	neutral
It is also true that you have to burn your own recovery disks for Windows , but given the price , I ca n't beef about that .	recovery disks for Windows	neutral
It is also true that you have to burn your own recovery disks for Windows , but given the price , I ca n't beef about that .	price	neutral
I recommend a Class 2 bluetooth device in order to conserve battery power .	battery power	neutral
Great 2 . 5 Enclosure .	2 . 5 Enclosure	neutral
Sound is much improved .	Sound	neutral
Watching video on the Internet , or even on your hard drive ( perhaps something you downloaded from iTunes , generates quite a bit of heat .	hard drive	neutral
Acer allows 18 dead pixels on the resolution of this computer and therefore will not replace it .	resolution	neutral
Good buy , my tablet x61 lenovo gives me all the details with the battery , like number of discharge cycles .. watts being used .. every kind of info .	battery	neutral
Good buy , my tablet x61 lenovo gives me all the details with the battery , like number of discharge cycles .. watts being used .. every kind of info .	discharge cycles	neutral
I do wish however that one of the inside pockets did not have a stitched divider .	stitched divider	neutral
That 's a big , long sentence , with a lot of BANG to it , so let 's start with the interface and go from there .	interface	neutral
The buttons are not fully customizable on Android mode .	buttons	neutral
The buttons are not fully customizable on Android mode .	Android mode	neutral
This device not eligible for the Google Drive 100 gb Cloud storage offer listed in description .	Google Drive	neutral
This device not eligible for the Google Drive 100 gb Cloud storage offer listed in description .	100 gb Cloud storage offer	neutral
Still here the fan a little	fan	neutral
I wish it had at least two USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
Just remember some older computers ( like mine ) ca n't send the sound , only the video .	sound	neutral
Would make a great gift for a college student who does n't have room for wired computer speakers .	wired	neutral
Would make a great gift for a college student who does n't have room for wired computer speakers .	speakers	neutral
Intel Core i5 - 4670 K Quad - Core Desktop Processor 3 .	Intel Core i5	neutral
Intel Core i5 - 4670 K Quad - Core Desktop Processor 3 .	Quad - Core Desktop Processor	neutral
The front edge of the case has a sharp outer edge that was uncomfortable to my wrists .	front edge	neutral
The front edge of the case has a sharp outer edge that was uncomfortable to my wrists .	outer edge	neutral
The enclosure may be a " little " bigger than the MBP internal optical drivebut there 's solution to work around it .	enclosure	neutral
But I guess it 's true when people say that there 's no ONE good bag for everything , I 'll have to be like a woman with shoes and have different ones for different occasions .	bag	neutral
Workmanship is also poor , strings are bad , sewing is worse , it is in the bottom 20 % of made - in - china bags .	Workmanship	neutral
Workmanship is also poor , strings are bad , sewing is worse , it is in the bottom 20 % of made - in - china bags .	strings	neutral
Workmanship is also poor , strings are bad , sewing is worse , it is in the bottom 20 % of made - in - china bags .	sewing	neutral
Wireless High Power Wireless - N 600mW Amplified Router ( R10000 ) and the range is incredible .	Wireless - N 600mW Amplified Router	neutral
Wireless High Power Wireless - N 600mW Amplified Router ( R10000 ) and the range is incredible .	range	neutral
Nonetheless I finally got tired of sharing a charger with someone , and bought this one a few weeks ago .	charger	neutral
OPERATIONAnyone used to tablet - size keyboards should feel comfortable with this one .	OPERATIONAnyone	neutral
OPERATIONAnyone used to tablet - size keyboards should feel comfortable with this one .	keyboards	neutral
The drive came back to life without any data loss thankfully and it 's working just as well as it did before !	drive	neutral
I am happy to say that my machine runs ok with with this memory .	runs	neutral
I am happy to say that my machine runs ok with with this memory .	memory	neutral
This is a great way to augment my notebook when I have space for a mouse .	mouse	neutral
, I feel the need to revise my review of this product as I sit here , tortured by the noise the fan is making right now .	fan	neutral
All of this , plus the macro hardware went in the main compartment .	macro hardware	neutral
Thankfully you can download " Classic Shell " ( which is free ) and it will bring back a start button and some of the function at the very least .	Classic Shell	neutral
Thankfully you can download " Classic Shell " ( which is free ) and it will bring back a start button and some of the function at the very least .	start button	neutral
Thankfully you can download " Classic Shell " ( which is free ) and it will bring back a start button and some of the function at the very least .	function	neutral
One thing about MacBooks is that they 're so thin the monitor is practically starting at the level of your desk , this stand works very well to rectify that issue .	monitor	neutral
One thing about MacBooks is that they 're so thin the monitor is practically starting at the level of your desk , this stand works very well to rectify that issue .	stand	neutral
When in Windows , you can expect to get about half as much battery power as in ExpressGate .	Windows	neutral
When in Windows , you can expect to get about half as much battery power as in ExpressGate .	battery power	neutral
When in Windows , you can expect to get about half as much battery power as in ExpressGate .	ExpressGate	neutral
About the plastic border is not really a complain , at least it does n't reflect it 's own tv light as others reviews said .	plastic border	neutral
As for the screen , it is supposedly HD and I would describe it as " decent , " it is simply not the kind of ultra HD screen you will get on a $ 1500 laptop .	screen	neutral
As for the screen , it is supposedly HD and I would describe it as " decent , " it is simply not the kind of ultra HD screen you will get on a $ 1500 laptop .	ultra HD screen	neutral
It works fine and gets the job done .	works	neutral
I had an old external 3 . 5 IDE enclosure but my 3 . 5 to 2 . 5 adapter was worn out .	external 3 . 5 IDE enclosure	neutral
I had an old external 3 . 5 IDE enclosure but my 3 . 5 to 2 . 5 adapter was worn out .	3 . 5 to	neutral
I did go shopping for a new laptop for recently and noticed that many of them do n't offer any type of dock option now .	dock	neutral
Bought this converter to make this HDMI capable .	converter	neutral
Bought this converter to make this HDMI capable .	HDMI	neutral
The on / off button on the bottom of the mouse is an interesting solution	on / off button	neutral
The on / off button on the bottom of the mouse is an interesting solution	mouse	neutral
I am very pleased with its performance and functionality .	performance	neutral
I am very pleased with its performance and functionality .	functionality	neutral
This LinkStation is DLNA certified	LinkStation	neutral
This LinkStation is DLNA certified	DLNA	neutral
Works fantastic !	Works	neutral
I hope the people who made this product would create a more expensive version that has:- larger speakers , perhaps even separate mid / bass and tweeter speakers that can handle the bass.- a remote control for the volume and mute controls.- maybe even separate bass and treble controls too.- Left and Right speaker lettering would be nice too .	speakers	neutral
I hope the people who made this product would create a more expensive version that has:- larger speakers , perhaps even separate mid / bass and tweeter speakers that can handle the bass.- a remote control for the volume and mute controls.- maybe even separate bass and treble controls too.- Left and Right speaker lettering would be nice too .	mid / bass	neutral
I hope the people who made this product would create a more expensive version that has:- larger speakers , perhaps even separate mid / bass and tweeter speakers that can handle the bass.- a remote control for the volume and mute controls.- maybe even separate bass and treble controls too.- Left and Right speaker lettering would be nice too .	tweeter speakers	neutral
I hope the people who made this product would create a more expensive version that has:- larger speakers , perhaps even separate mid / bass and tweeter speakers that can handle the bass.- a remote control for the volume and mute controls.- maybe even separate bass and treble controls too.- Left and Right speaker lettering would be nice too .	bass.-	neutral
I hope the people who made this product would create a more expensive version that has:- larger speakers , perhaps even separate mid / bass and tweeter speakers that can handle the bass.- a remote control for the volume and mute controls.- maybe even separate bass and treble controls too.- Left and Right speaker lettering would be nice too .	remote control	neutral
I hope the people who made this product would create a more expensive version that has:- larger speakers , perhaps even separate mid / bass and tweeter speakers that can handle the bass.- a remote control for the volume and mute controls.- maybe even separate bass and treble controls too.- Left and Right speaker lettering would be nice too .	volume	neutral
I hope the people who made this product would create a more expensive version that has:- larger speakers , perhaps even separate mid / bass and tweeter speakers that can handle the bass.- a remote control for the volume and mute controls.- maybe even separate bass and treble controls too.- Left and Right speaker lettering would be nice too .	mute controls.-	neutral
I hope the people who made this product would create a more expensive version that has:- larger speakers , perhaps even separate mid / bass and tweeter speakers that can handle the bass.- a remote control for the volume and mute controls.- maybe even separate bass and treble controls too.- Left and Right speaker lettering would be nice too .	bass	neutral
I hope the people who made this product would create a more expensive version that has:- larger speakers , perhaps even separate mid / bass and tweeter speakers that can handle the bass.- a remote control for the volume and mute controls.- maybe even separate bass and treble controls too.- Left and Right speaker lettering would be nice too .	treble controls	neutral
I hope the people who made this product would create a more expensive version that has:- larger speakers , perhaps even separate mid / bass and tweeter speakers that can handle the bass.- a remote control for the volume and mute controls.- maybe even separate bass and treble controls too.- Left and Right speaker lettering would be nice too .	Left	neutral
Bluetooth Version : 3 . 0Keys :	Bluetooth Version	neutral
* Attractive enclosure ... and no more fingerprints !	enclosure	neutral
- I love the 3 . 5 mm - USB adapter , though .	3 . 5 mm - USB adapter	neutral
A definite must have for gaming .	gaming	neutral
I am very please with this battery and would buy again	battery	neutral
I was really impressed that I could get 50 foot of able for such a low price .	price	neutral
I updated the firmware via ethernet after taking it out of the box and have had no real issues with it .	firmware	neutral
Otherwise it works really well	works	neutral
It 's flexible and slim and I can push the case into my handbag and ' roll ' the handles out of the way .	case	neutral
It 's flexible and slim and I can push the case into my handbag and ' roll ' the handles out of the way .	handles	neutral
I do n't know if theis is a HP issue ? or that the screen is just to thick ...	screen	neutral
That means I ca n't change the graphics card .	graphics card	neutral
Launchpad shows queued up downloads or updates to existing apps rather than the app itself .	Launchpad	neutral
Launchpad shows queued up downloads or updates to existing apps rather than the app itself .	apps	neutral
Launchpad shows queued up downloads or updates to existing apps rather than the app itself .	app	neutral
I would buy the kit , but it does n't quite make sense as the bag is for an SLR camera , but the tripod is really too small for an SLR without risk of it tipping over .	tripod	neutral
It looks like this particular AC power adapter that I got has gone down in the ratings since the time that I got mine .	AC power adapter	neutral
The padding for back comfort is on the thin side and is constructed of breathable material .	padding	neutral
The padding for back comfort is on the thin side and is constructed of breathable material .	back comfort	neutral
The padding for back comfort is on the thin side and is constructed of breathable material .	material	neutral
I have been using this for over a year now with the same HDD .	HDD	neutral
So much for Mac technical support .	Mac technical support	neutral
However , on the small screen it looked as though it had a hard time focusing at anything closer than a 1 feet .	screen	neutral
( it says " twice as long " on the packaging).The upside of the JumpStart battery is it is the most comfortable battery I have owned .	battery	neutral
But it does add an inch or so extra thickness to the laptop .	thickness	neutral
It 's very rugged , with heavy duty straps and a cable - reinforced top handle .	straps	neutral
It 's very rugged , with heavy duty straps and a cable - reinforced top handle .	top handle	neutral
Works perfectly at my home theater for my components that need a direct Ethernet cable ( xbox , 2 dvrs and the TV ) .	Ethernet cable	neutral
All metal housing .	metal housing	neutral
Silver gray color gives it a very sophisticated	color	neutral
It barely meets the minimum for Windows Vista	Windows Vista	neutral
If you prefer a larger mouse , try the VX Revoultion which is slightly larger and has a manual switch for the scroll wheel and is VERY comfortable to use .	mouse	neutral
If you prefer a larger mouse , try the VX Revoultion which is slightly larger and has a manual switch for the scroll wheel and is VERY comfortable to use .	manual switch	neutral
If you prefer a larger mouse , try the VX Revoultion which is slightly larger and has a manual switch for the scroll wheel and is VERY comfortable to use .	scroll wheel	neutral
We appreciate having more desk space , but have decided to keep them on the bookshelf instead of mounting them on the wall .	desk	neutral
Nice quality ; no issues thus far .	quality	neutral
My wife liked it as a mouse and asked me to buy her one .	mouse	neutral
Nice for NiMH batteries that discharge , mostly in a Digital Camera and when you need to use the camera , the batteries are dead .	batteries	neutral
Nice for NiMH batteries that discharge , mostly in a Digital Camera and when you need to use the camera , the batteries are dead .	batteries	neutral
My son is very happy with the camera it preforms well and views all his friends daily	camera	neutral
The screen arrived in great condition , sealed and protected .	screen	neutral
The lock head ' clicks ' onto a little pin that you need to secure into the Kensington slot when you first set it up .	lock head	neutral
The lock head ' clicks ' onto a little pin that you need to secure into the Kensington slot when you first set it up .	Kensington slot	neutral
This is the perfect solution if you need to get data off an old laptop drive that does not work any longer , or a laptop that does not work any longer	drive	neutral
It would be better if it had Windows special keys	Windows special keys	neutral
The Fosman Leather case with stand works great for a 10 . 1 " Zenithink C93 tablet .	Fosman Leather case with stand	neutral
Excellent price for a cable of this quality .	price	neutral
Excellent price for a cable of this quality .	cable	neutral
Cost factor versus OEM	Cost	neutral
My only concern is that the sides are open at the top .	sides	neutral
The Asus battery part # is : 07G031001300 .	battery part #	neutral
The car charger works as advertised .	car charger	neutral
No support for Linux , ARM - based Windows RT , or other OS&#34;.Just because this manufacturer ca n't get their act together with other OS 's is NO reason to belittle them - what a dumb and ignorant statement !	Linux	neutral
No support for Linux , ARM - based Windows RT , or other OS&#34;.Just because this manufacturer ca n't get their act together with other OS 's is NO reason to belittle them - what a dumb and ignorant statement !	ARM - based Windows RT	neutral
No support for Linux , ARM - based Windows RT , or other OS&#34;.Just because this manufacturer ca n't get their act together with other OS 's is NO reason to belittle them - what a dumb and ignorant statement !	OS&#34;.Just	neutral
No support for Linux , ARM - based Windows RT , or other OS&#34;.Just because this manufacturer ca n't get their act together with other OS 's is NO reason to belittle them - what a dumb and ignorant statement !	OS 's	neutral
Apple claims you can get ' up to 12 hours ' of battery life , and that is true for the first few months .	battery life	neutral
When I received the case , I thought	case	neutral
However you will need a & # 34;display adapter&#34 ; port on your computer to take advantage of the hi - resolution .	hi - resolution	neutral
Works great with my notebook and I can finally take it off the plug .	plug	neutral
setting).Other than that , the viewing angle is alright , but also not as good as the Philips .	viewing angle	neutral
I do n't have to press any keys twice .	keys	neutral
I 'm going to try the Magic Mouse from Apple and return this Wacom Bamboo Touch .	Wacom	neutral
In some european hotels you use the keycard to turn power on in the room but some rooms would continue to power the devices once plugged in ( I did n't quite figure that out	keycard	neutral
The only thing it lacks from my perspective is an on / off switch .	on / off switch	neutral
I truly dislike loud fans spinning up and making a racket almost as much as I dislike burning my lap with computer / heater .	fans	neutral
keyboard is well made if not better than stock toshiba keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Only plug your device into the battery when you intend to use it or charge it .	battery	neutral
You will need your own software package ( such as Map Point ) to use it .	software package	neutral
You will need your own software package ( such as Map Point ) to use it .	Map Point	neutral
The case is soft with a few millimeters of foam .	case	neutral
Volume is adequate if you turn it way up ( 85 % or more ) .	Volume	neutral
at 3rd month , I heard big pop sound and the power supply just die on me ( came with burn smell ) .	power supply	neutral
To me that will work better with a touch screen not with a standard laptop screen .	touch screen	neutral
I personally have not heard or checked out the speaker but my brother has and he said it sounds amazing for a little speaker .	speaker	neutral
All together , it weighed in at 15 pounds , but the padded shoulder strap made it easy to carry and transport .	padded	neutral
All together , it weighed in at 15 pounds , but the padded shoulder strap made it easy to carry and transport .	shoulder strap	neutral
The padding on the strap is pretty useless .	padding	neutral
The padding on the strap is pretty useless .	strap	neutral
An attractive , but quite short braided wrist strap is part of the package , but the loop 's circumference is only nine inches .	braided	neutral
An attractive , but quite short braided wrist strap is part of the package , but the loop 's circumference is only nine inches .	wrist strap	neutral
An attractive , but quite short braided wrist strap is part of the package , but the loop 's circumference is only nine inches .	loop	neutral
I have bought another non - apple battery for my 15&#34 ; MBP which works fine , but this one was a dud .	battery	neutral
ADDS A NICE ANGLE TO KEYPAD .	KEYPAD	neutral
, this computer is with me at my work with skype , excel , pdf , word , google chrome , internet explorer , listen online radio , mozilla thunderbird allll at the same time and works perfectly ... great product ! !	internet explorer	neutral
If you 're like me and decide to sell your 1 or 2 year old computer to buy the newest , latest , and greatest , it is so much easier to sell if the buyer knows that they will get a year or two of warranty and tech support for it .	warranty	neutral
If you 're like me and decide to sell your 1 or 2 year old computer to buy the newest , latest , and greatest , it is so much easier to sell if the buyer knows that they will get a year or two of warranty and tech support for it .	tech support	neutral
Once installed , the computer quickly identified the Bluetooth 2 . 1 headset and Bluetooth 2 .	Bluetooth 2 . 1 headset	neutral
Once installed , the computer quickly identified the Bluetooth 2 . 1 headset and Bluetooth 2 .	Bluetooth 2	neutral
No heating problem when not in use .	heating	neutral
I strongly suggest using a high quality screwdriver to avoid stripping out the tiny phillips screws on the cover and battery mounts .	screwdriver	neutral
I strongly suggest using a high quality screwdriver to avoid stripping out the tiny phillips screws on the cover and battery mounts .	phillips screws	neutral
I strongly suggest using a high quality screwdriver to avoid stripping out the tiny phillips screws on the cover and battery mounts .	cover	neutral
I strongly suggest using a high quality screwdriver to avoid stripping out the tiny phillips screws on the cover and battery mounts .	battery mounts	neutral
The trackpad is smooth , large , and super responsive .	trackpad	neutral
As soon as Haswell Chromebook was announced I ordered it because the ARM chip in Chromebook sucks .	ARM chip	neutral
I actually bought 90w HP charger after that ( though I was very happy with Anker , since I needed one more charger , I thought to by from the computer 's manufacturer ) .	charger	neutral
I thought it would take some drivers or updating or SOMETHING	drivers	neutral
Therefore , my results may not be duplicated with slower internet pipes .	internet pipes	neutral
I wish I had better words for the RAM	RAM	neutral
have 3 of them so I can set my xoom down and charge and listen to a little better quality sound love it for what it is	sound	neutral
I guess I should mention set up .	set up	neutral
Since it 's so easy and sounds so good , I 've taken to moving the speakers to wherever I am in the house instead of having the home PC play through the home speakers throughout the whole house .	speakers	neutral
nice cable kit for hooking up my dvd burner from my old desktop pc to my new laptop pc .	cable kit	neutral
nice cable kit for hooking up my dvd burner from my old desktop pc to my new laptop pc .	dvd burner	neutral
The packaging was impressive as i was expecting a $ 2 cable to be bot so good of a quality .	packaging	neutral
On the plus side , it has far greater capacity .	capacity	neutral
Guess if I run Windows 98	Windows 98	neutral
This speaker system exceeded my expectations !	speaker system	neutral
The laptop with shell on gets a better fit inside the sleeve .	shell	neutral
The laptop with shell on gets a better fit inside the sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
Please take into account this hub 's extremely low price : I 'm going to order a couple more of them and even if one ( or more ) lasts only a year or two , I wo n't feel that I 've been " taken."Please note again that I am not using this hub with a computer ; I am using it with an Oppo	price	neutral
I love shopping at Amazon because of the quality and great customer service .	customer service	neutral
Here 's one where they all fail : the compartments are all in the front - causing the bags to tip easier and right onto the laptop , thereby shattering the screen .	compartments	neutral
Here 's one where they all fail : the compartments are all in the front - causing the bags to tip easier and right onto the laptop , thereby shattering the screen .	screen	neutral
It 's neat that they included a tiny screwdriver , but if you have a small philips head with a magnetized tip , I recommend you use that instead , as YOU WILL drop or lose the screws using the included screwdriver .	screwdriver	neutral
It 's neat that they included a tiny screwdriver , but if you have a small philips head with a magnetized tip , I recommend you use that instead , as YOU WILL drop or lose the screws using the included screwdriver .	philips head	neutral
It 's neat that they included a tiny screwdriver , but if you have a small philips head with a magnetized tip , I recommend you use that instead , as YOU WILL drop or lose the screws using the included screwdriver .	screws	neutral
It 's neat that they included a tiny screwdriver , but if you have a small philips head with a magnetized tip , I recommend you use that instead , as YOU WILL drop or lose the screws using the included screwdriver .	screwdriver	neutral
They worked great for their size however .	size	neutral
I am certain that powering normal USB devices with this adapter and the other hub would never even hiccup .	USB devices	neutral
I am certain that powering normal USB devices with this adapter and the other hub would never even hiccup .	adapter	neutral
AAA's).I'm very picky about my hardware	hardware	neutral
You can not beat the price this computer is sold on Amazon and you will not get these specs & the quality from any other notebook in this price range .	price	neutral
You can not beat the price this computer is sold on Amazon and you will not get these specs & the quality from any other notebook in this price range .	specs	neutral
You can not beat the price this computer is sold on Amazon and you will not get these specs & the quality from any other notebook in this price range .	quality	neutral
You can not beat the price this computer is sold on Amazon and you will not get these specs & the quality from any other notebook in this price range .	price	neutral
PERFORMANCEThe main factors that determine I/	PERFORMANCEThe	neutral
Maybe it will work in a future version of the driver .	driver	neutral
Otherwise , it does not provide enough power to interact with your iPod .	power	neutral
I purchased this charger so I can take with me when I leave my house and use my main one at my home .	charger	neutral
The housing of this flash drive extends out at an angle where the male usb port come out , not allowing for full incursion of the usb port into the computer .	housing	neutral
The housing of this flash drive extends out at an angle where the male usb port come out , not allowing for full incursion of the usb port into the computer .	flash drive	neutral
The housing of this flash drive extends out at an angle where the male usb port come out , not allowing for full incursion of the usb port into the computer .	male usb port	neutral
The housing of this flash drive extends out at an angle where the male usb port come out , not allowing for full incursion of the usb port into the computer .	usb port	neutral
Setting up wireless internet connection was very easy .	Setting up wireless internet connection	neutral
While this is easily rectified with a bluetooth dongle , it 's just unusual to see a laptop without it , but if that 's what contributes to the price point of this laptop , that 's perfectly acceptable to me .	bluetooth dongle	neutral
While this is easily rectified with a bluetooth dongle , it 's just unusual to see a laptop without it , but if that 's what contributes to the price point of this laptop , that 's perfectly acceptable to me .	price point	neutral
This is an extremely satisfying plug and I highly recommend it for the business or any other traveler !	plug	neutral
Nice to have a little on - off switch on the card for the WiFi .	card	neutral
The system comes with 4 different cable connections and there are no instructions as to which one plugs into which port .	cable connections	neutral
The system comes with 4 different cable connections and there are no instructions as to which one plugs into which port .	port	neutral
Let me try the generic adapter with NO antenna , -75 RSSI .	antenna	neutral
The battery lasted longer than the computer did .	battery	neutral
The adapter was unable to discover some headphones that I had purchased for this , but eventually , after reading a little bit closer I realized that the actual problem was they were not being properly discovered .	adapter	neutral
Plug and Play on windows 7 , super easy to use .	windows 7	neutral
Plug and Play on windows 7 , super easy to use .	use	neutral
-the PICTURE and price are the reasons to favor this over its 19 " competitors.-buy logitech s220 $ 25 speakers / subwoofer along with the samsung for a low price viewing pleasure	PICTURE	neutral
-the PICTURE and price are the reasons to favor this over its 19 " competitors.-buy logitech s220 $ 25 speakers / subwoofer along with the samsung for a low price viewing pleasure	price	neutral
-the PICTURE and price are the reasons to favor this over its 19 " competitors.-buy logitech s220 $ 25 speakers / subwoofer along with the samsung for a low price viewing pleasure	speakers	neutral
-the PICTURE and price are the reasons to favor this over its 19 " competitors.-buy logitech s220 $ 25 speakers / subwoofer along with the samsung for a low price viewing pleasure	subwoofer	neutral
-the PICTURE and price are the reasons to favor this over its 19 " competitors.-buy logitech s220 $ 25 speakers / subwoofer along with the samsung for a low price viewing pleasure	price viewing	neutral
I would recommend this to others who are looking for a battery to salvage a high priced Sony Vaio laptop .	battery	neutral
The Asus laptop is nice with i7 CPU .	i7 CPU	neutral
It did not work for the Asus Memo Pad HD 7 ME 173X tablet , Kernel 3 .	Memo Pad HD 7	neutral
It did not work for the Asus Memo Pad HD 7 ME 173X tablet , Kernel 3 .	Kernel 3	neutral
I use with a FAVI Bluetooth keyboard .	FAVI Bluetooth keyboard	neutral
The keys very often are duplicated on the screen and the on / off switch is very hard to access and after 4 months broke off and the seller will not return my emails regarding this failure .	keys	neutral
The keys very often are duplicated on the screen and the on / off switch is very hard to access and after 4 months broke off and the seller will not return my emails regarding this failure .	screen	neutral
The keys very often are duplicated on the screen and the on / off switch is very hard to access and after 4 months broke off and the seller will not return my emails regarding this failure .	on / off switch	neutral
I would definitely buy this brand again the next time I need a replacement battery for one of my notebook PCs .	battery	neutral
It appears to be a custom version of a mini - DIN 9-pin connector , which is something I have n't been able to find an extension cable for .	mini - DIN	neutral
It appears to be a custom version of a mini - DIN 9-pin connector , which is something I have n't been able to find an extension cable for .	9-pin connector	neutral
So , for what it 's worth , it does work on Windows 8 x64 ( at least after a couple installations ) .	Windows 8 x64	neutral
Hey reviewer , do n't blame the tool when it 's the tool holders fault .	tool holders	neutral
I bought this as a replacement cord for an old laser printer .	cord	neutral
Yes , it completely locks up on some older AVI video CODECs like Intel Indeo , or the oddly coded FLV file when you try and seek .	AVI video CODECs	neutral
Yes , it completely locks up on some older AVI video CODECs like Intel Indeo , or the oddly coded FLV file when you try and seek .	Intel Indeo	neutral
Yes , it completely locks up on some older AVI video CODECs like Intel Indeo , or the oddly coded FLV file when you try and seek .	FLV file	neutral
It has 4 USB ports , which is about three more than I need most of the time , and my legs do n't even get warm .	USB ports	neutral
I bought it for my 10 year old daughter , who distroyed two previous cooling fan based pads by pulling their USB cables .	cooling fan based pads	neutral
I bought it for my 10 year old daughter , who distroyed two previous cooling fan based pads by pulling their USB cables .	USB cables	neutral
However , if you are a user that rests your wrists on the notebook while typing instead of letting them float above the keypad , you will get many creases on your wrists and will likely feel some irritation .	keypad	neutral
I liked the balance between carrying ability and size .	carrying ability	neutral
I liked the balance between carrying ability and size .	size	neutral
the 8 gb of RAM supports it .	8 gb of RAM	neutral
I have had JBL speakers for years , but did n't think a device of this size could deliver quality sound .	size	neutral
I have had JBL speakers for years , but did n't think a device of this size could deliver quality sound .	sound	neutral
I ordered the clear keyboard cover from ipearl as well and am very happy with the quality of that item as well .	quality	neutral
I 've been using my work laptop ( a dell precision m4600 , 8 mb ram , i7 processor , nor sure about video card ) to play SWTOR and counterstrike : source and it was able to play on the highest settings but this thing blows it away .	video card	neutral
I 've been using my work laptop ( a dell precision m4600 , 8 mb ram , i7 processor , nor sure about video card ) to play SWTOR and counterstrike : source and it was able to play on the highest settings but this thing blows it away .	SWTOR	neutral
However , once it 's a little stretched out ( must be intentional , it 's too thick and would just come unplugged or damage a connector before it would stretch with a device plugged in )	connector	neutral
Pushing the tiny " x " button on a Chrome browser tab is actually pretty easy and you get more used to it .	" x " button	neutral
Pushing the tiny " x " button on a Chrome browser tab is actually pretty easy and you get more used to it .	Chrome browser tab	neutral
It has the quality feel you would expect for a notebook of this caliber .	quality	neutral
There 's nothing left to be desired in my case by the quality of the treble , bass , or any other elements of the audio produced by Logitech 's clever little ( laptop ) speaker !	treble	neutral
There 's nothing left to be desired in my case by the quality of the treble , bass , or any other elements of the audio produced by Logitech 's clever little ( laptop ) speaker !	bass	neutral
There 's nothing left to be desired in my case by the quality of the treble , bass , or any other elements of the audio produced by Logitech 's clever little ( laptop ) speaker !	audio	neutral
but I do n't seem to see a difference from my older backpack that did n't have these pads .	pads	neutral
I never though a stand would impress me	stand	neutral
Downside , is a very average shoulder strap with no pad , so I switched out with old computer bag .	shoulder strap	neutral
Downside , is a very average shoulder strap with no pad , so I switched out with old computer bag .	pad	neutral
Later , I decided to look on line and see if they make replacements for keyboards , and I found a variety of prices .	keyboards	neutral
Later , I decided to look on line and see if they make replacements for keyboards , and I found a variety of prices .	prices	neutral
; drive that will work across a vast variety of hardware and across Windows , OSX and Linux based systems .	drive	neutral
; drive that will work across a vast variety of hardware and across Windows , OSX and Linux based systems .	hardware	neutral
; drive that will work across a vast variety of hardware and across Windows , OSX and Linux based systems .	Windows	neutral
; drive that will work across a vast variety of hardware and across Windows , OSX and Linux based systems .	OSX	neutral
; drive that will work across a vast variety of hardware and across Windows , OSX and Linux based systems .	Linux	neutral
I 'll still keep the cable .	cable	neutral
It is the same as the OEM battery and has the same life & endurance .	battery	neutral
It is the same as the OEM battery and has the same life & endurance .	life	neutral
It is the same as the OEM battery and has the same life & endurance .	endurance	neutral
I know if you go with cheap cables it can damage your device and/or battery life .	cables	neutral
I know if you go with cheap cables it can damage your device and/or battery life .	battery life	neutral
Replaced a faulty cord ( manufacturer 's ) and this was perfect because I did n't have to spend an arm and a leg to replace .	cord	neutral
I 've had this cable for a few months and the microUSB end of it is completely bent and crushed .	cable	neutral
I 've had this cable for a few months and the microUSB end of it is completely bent and crushed .	microUSB end	neutral
Setup took all of 5 minutes and it works like a champ and would recommend highly to anyone trying to solve the same issue I had ..	Setup	neutral
However , disregard any mention of sound , it is worse than no sound .	sound	neutral
However , disregard any mention of sound , it is worse than no sound .	sound	neutral
If I have one negative comment ( and to the best of my investigation this may not be possible and still protect the machine ) is that the cover limits the obtuse angle of being able to open the cover .	cover	neutral
If I have one negative comment ( and to the best of my investigation this may not be possible and still protect the machine ) is that the cover limits the obtuse angle of being able to open the cover .	cover	neutral
If you wedge the wrong adapter into the wrong socket , you 'll damage one or both .	adapter	neutral
If you wedge the wrong adapter into the wrong socket , you 'll damage one or both .	socket	neutral
Construction is as cheap as it gets .	Construction	neutral
several 16 gb cards , lens wipes , WhiBal card , 2 card readers - 1 for CompactFlash , 1 for sdhcLenovo	16 gb cards	neutral
several 16 gb cards , lens wipes , WhiBal card , 2 card readers - 1 for CompactFlash , 1 for sdhcLenovo	lens wipes	neutral
several 16 gb cards , lens wipes , WhiBal card , 2 card readers - 1 for CompactFlash , 1 for sdhcLenovo	WhiBal card	neutral
several 16 gb cards , lens wipes , WhiBal card , 2 card readers - 1 for CompactFlash , 1 for sdhcLenovo	card readers	neutral
several 16 gb cards , lens wipes , WhiBal card , 2 card readers - 1 for CompactFlash , 1 for sdhcLenovo	CompactFlash	neutral
several 16 gb cards , lens wipes , WhiBal card , 2 card readers - 1 for CompactFlash , 1 for sdhcLenovo	sdhcLenovo	neutral
The padding is slightly better than most sleeves I found in Best buy or Target .	padding	neutral
The charge remains enough to do task like search the web and make documents .	charge	neutral
If you do n't care about value and you have the money to throw away , this is perfect for you .	value	neutral
PowerOne Hearing Aid Batteries Size 312 , PR41 ( 60 Batteries )	PowerOne	neutral
PowerOne Hearing Aid Batteries Size 312 , PR41 ( 60 Batteries )	Hearing Aid Batteries Size	neutral
Another great thing is that my TV ( LN46A550P ) and my Blu - Ray player ( BD - P1400 ) communicate to each other using Anyway+ , which is feature that will put TV on automatically and switch the source to Blu - Ray when I turn on the Blu - Ray player to play .	Blu - Ray player	neutral
Another great thing is that my TV ( LN46A550P ) and my Blu - Ray player ( BD - P1400 ) communicate to each other using Anyway+ , which is feature that will put TV on automatically and switch the source to Blu - Ray when I turn on the Blu - Ray player to play .	Blu - Ray player	neutral
Good product at a good price .	price	neutral
and I 'm big time picky about sound when it comes to my music .	sound	neutral
The Case Logic Neoprene 13-inch Laptop Shuttle is not bad .	Case Logic Neoprene	neutral
On a positive note , it works awesome !	works	neutral
If you need a low price webcam for your computer or laptop then this is great .	webcam	neutral
Also , I did not have luck using port multiplying ( hosting an enclosure with multiple hard drives and a single USB 3 connection.-	port multiplying	neutral
Also , I did not have luck using port multiplying ( hosting an enclosure with multiple hard drives and a single USB 3 connection.-	enclosure	neutral
Also , I did not have luck using port multiplying ( hosting an enclosure with multiple hard drives and a single USB 3 connection.-	hard drives	neutral
Also , I did not have luck using port multiplying ( hosting an enclosure with multiple hard drives and a single USB 3 connection.-	USB 3 connection.-	neutral
I watch Netflix daily and listen to Pandora , do Bible study , ebay , and lots of web searches daily and this thing runs 9 or 10 hours like a champ .	runs	neutral
As a result , I have two different sets of apps and uses , much like Windows user accounts.(4 )	apps	neutral
As a result , I have two different sets of apps and uses , much like Windows user accounts.(4 )	Windows user accounts.(4	neutral
The mouse and keyboard both easily connected together to the unifying receiver .	mouse	neutral
The mouse and keyboard both easily connected together to the unifying receiver .	keyboard	neutral
The mouse and keyboard both easily connected together to the unifying receiver .	unifying receiver	neutral
Every camera bag I use has at least two GOJA 's in it along with a blower bulb for large particles and a lens brush for stubborn cling - ons ( no offense Star Trek fans ) .	lens brush	neutral
The construction of the bag is excellent .	construction	neutral
I had a lot of anxiety trying to figure out if this battery works in that computer .	battery	neutral
I use it strictly for backups so dependability of connection is just as important as speed .	connection	neutral
I use it strictly for backups so dependability of connection is just as important as speed .	speed	neutral
Does it sound better than a 5 . 1 dedicated home theater system ?	5 . 1 dedicated	neutral
Does it sound better than a 5 . 1 dedicated home theater system ?	home theater system	neutral
Do n't expect too much here ; it 's a basic cord wrap .	cord wrap	neutral
Great price .	price	neutral
I do n't know if its just because the case is clear , but it scratches very easily .	case	neutral
No changes to BIOS or OS'es had to be done .	BIOS	neutral
No changes to BIOS or OS'es had to be done .	OS'es	neutral
For those of you that find yourself with the chore of trying to find a bag that fits a 17 . 3 " laptop , you will be happy to know that this bag will work for you , but only because the sides are soft - padded ( not rigid ) .	sides	neutral
It scores a decent 4 . 7 on the WEI only for the graphics -- the processor scores a 6 . 5 .	graphics	neutral
It scores a decent 4 . 7 on the WEI only for the graphics -- the processor scores a 6 . 5 .	processor	neutral
While I like the clearance the feet give me , there is no grips .	clearance	neutral
While I like the clearance the feet give me , there is no grips .	feet	neutral
( Yes ! ) and audio ports .	audio ports	neutral
I not use , or handle , the devices I am trying to charge to try and avoid damaging the cables .	cables	neutral
Live ! external , and it seems to have a mind of its own about whether or not it wants to play through all four satellite speakers .	speakers	neutral
These speakers are better than the built - in speakers , but they are n't perfect .	speakers	neutral
These speakers are better than the built - in speakers , but they are n't perfect .	built - in speakers	neutral
3 ' is more than enough visual space as a destop replacement .	visual space	neutral
The battery life is fantastic : I can take class notes for 3 hours straight and still have plenty of juice for another hour or two of use ... if I had to estimate battery time , I 'd say it consistently gives me 4 1/2 to 5 hours of use .	battery life	neutral
The battery life is fantastic : I can take class notes for 3 hours straight and still have plenty of juice for another hour or two of use ... if I had to estimate battery time , I 'd say it consistently gives me 4 1/2 to 5 hours of use .	battery time	neutral
As a little bonus it comes with a cleaning cloth .	cleaning cloth	neutral
If you are interested in connecting this keyboard to a Skytex Skypad Alpha , it wo n't automatically work .	keyboard	neutral
If you are interested in connecting this keyboard to a Skytex Skypad Alpha , it wo n't automatically work .	Skypad Alpha	neutral
so I just need a converter for that .	converter	neutral
There is no need to force you to use their cheap garbage software , beware any company that tries to force you to use software for something as basic as connecting to home wifi .	software	neutral
There is no need to force you to use their cheap garbage software , beware any company that tries to force you to use software for something as basic as connecting to home wifi .	software	neutral
You do n't need a product key for a fresh install of Windows 8 64-bit .	Windows 8 64-bit	neutral
Being a portable drive I need not mention about the Prestige 500 GB 34169 size .	500 GB	neutral
Speakers are better than average for a laptop .	Speakers	neutral
I have a an HP DV6500 Entertainment laptop and this is not a product that works with its power / charging port .	power /	neutral
I have a an HP DV6500 Entertainment laptop and this is not a product that works with its power / charging port .	charging port	neutral
It is soft and offers good protection .	protection	neutral
The speakers come w / the usb cord , so you plug that into the adaptor & then into the wall electric outlet .	speakers	neutral
The speakers come w / the usb cord , so you plug that into the adaptor & then into the wall electric outlet .	usb cord	neutral
The speakers come w / the usb cord , so you plug that into the adaptor & then into the wall electric outlet .	adaptor	neutral
which is just over the USB standard of 500mA , and I found that 2 of my laptops and one desktop both went fine with just the data / power plug used .	USB standard	neutral
which is just over the USB standard of 500mA , and I found that 2 of my laptops and one desktop both went fine with just the data / power plug used .	data / power plug	neutral
I made some adjustments by trying to put the heaviest lenses towards the bottom , I 'm guessing that because there is no solid bottom ( base )	lenses	neutral
I made some adjustments by trying to put the heaviest lenses towards the bottom , I 'm guessing that because there is no solid bottom ( base )	bottom	neutral
I made some adjustments by trying to put the heaviest lenses towards the bottom , I 'm guessing that because there is no solid bottom ( base )	base	neutral
With everything else being such good quality	quality	neutral
Special keys for brightness , wireless control , CPU speed / power control , volume , camera control etc .	keys	neutral
Special keys for brightness , wireless control , CPU speed / power control , volume , camera control etc .	brightness	neutral
Special keys for brightness , wireless control , CPU speed / power control , volume , camera control etc .	wireless control	neutral
Special keys for brightness , wireless control , CPU speed / power control , volume , camera control etc .	CPU speed	neutral
Special keys for brightness , wireless control , CPU speed / power control , volume , camera control etc .	power control	neutral
Special keys for brightness , wireless control , CPU speed / power control , volume , camera control etc .	volume	neutral
Special keys for brightness , wireless control , CPU speed / power control , volume , camera control etc .	camera control	neutral
have a new work laptop windows 7 but	windows 7	neutral
My argument was that the 11 inch , thou the smallest , lack optic and mass media ( SD Card reader ) .	11 inch	neutral
My argument was that the 11 inch , thou the smallest , lack optic and mass media ( SD Card reader ) .	SD Card reader	neutral
I have a USB cooling stand , so my battery life is going to be shorter , but I find the 9 cell reports > 2 . 5 hrs available when switched to battery ( using the Notebook Hardware Control app ) .	USB cooling stand	neutral
I have a USB cooling stand , so my battery life is going to be shorter , but I find the 9 cell reports > 2 . 5 hrs available when switched to battery ( using the Notebook Hardware Control app ) .	battery life	neutral
I have a USB cooling stand , so my battery life is going to be shorter , but I find the 9 cell reports > 2 . 5 hrs available when switched to battery ( using the Notebook Hardware Control app ) .	9 cell	neutral
I have a USB cooling stand , so my battery life is going to be shorter , but I find the 9 cell reports > 2 . 5 hrs available when switched to battery ( using the Notebook Hardware Control app ) .	battery	neutral
This Mac is fast ( but this is relative ) and I like the response from the keys when I press them .	response	neutral
This Mac is fast ( but this is relative ) and I like the response from the keys when I press them .	keys	neutral
I liked it , but I was annoyed that the case blocked the power port in a weird way .	case	neutral
I liked it , but I was annoyed that the case blocked the power port in a weird way .	power port	neutral
For that I need an external keyboard and an elevated iPad stand .	external keyboard	neutral
For that I need an external keyboard and an elevated iPad stand .	iPad stand	neutral
I wo n't discuss this too much for this review , but I am already considering installing windows 7 , and would have already done so if not for the touch screen .	windows 7	neutral
I wo n't discuss this too much for this review , but I am already considering installing windows 7 , and would have already done so if not for the touch screen .	touch screen	neutral
The volume wheel is nice and smooth .	volume wheel	neutral
Another thing I 'd like to mention is that I 'm impressed with Plugable 's great customer relations department .	Plugable	neutral
Another thing I 'd like to mention is that I 'm impressed with Plugable 's great customer relations department .	customer relations department	neutral
The cable is thick enough for great signal strength and insulation , gold - plated contacts ( friends , ALWAYS look for gold plated contacts as gold conducts electricity better than even copper and does not oxidize as much ) which is always a sign of a better quality cable .	cable	neutral
The cable is thick enough for great signal strength and insulation , gold - plated contacts ( friends , ALWAYS look for gold plated contacts as gold conducts electricity better than even copper and does not oxidize as much ) which is always a sign of a better quality cable .	signal strength	neutral
The cable is thick enough for great signal strength and insulation , gold - plated contacts ( friends , ALWAYS look for gold plated contacts as gold conducts electricity better than even copper and does not oxidize as much ) which is always a sign of a better quality cable .	contacts	neutral
Touchpad is quite nice , offering an easy two - finger drag down its middle to move pages up or down .	Touchpad	neutral
Tablet PC with Front Camera , WIFI , HDMI ) .	Front Camera	neutral
Tablet PC with Front Camera , WIFI , HDMI ) .	WIFI	neutral
Tablet PC with Front Camera , WIFI , HDMI ) .	HDMI	neutral
Exactly what you are looking for , do nt hesitate or spend more money than you have to for a simple splitter	splitter	neutral
I can comfortably zip the sleeve close and there 's about 1/2 inch of space on top .	sleeve	neutral
The reason why I only gave it 2 stars is that the plastic covering the wires has stared to pull away from the charger exposing wires .	plastic	neutral
The reason why I only gave it 2 stars is that the plastic covering the wires has stared to pull away from the charger exposing wires .	wires	neutral
The reason why I only gave it 2 stars is that the plastic covering the wires has stared to pull away from the charger exposing wires .	charger	neutral
I have had no issues with the zipper .	zipper	neutral
I was able to export files to the PC but the software just locked up every time I tried to do anything with them .	software	neutral
The mouse tracking is accurate with no noticeable latency .	mouse tracking	neutral
With the touchscreen it has the & # 34;hands on&#34 ; feeling of a tablet where I can expand windows or text using my fingers or touching the spot where I want the cursor to go , but it has a big , beautiful 15 . 6 inch screen and lots more processing power and memory than a tablet or smartphone .	touchscreen	neutral
With the touchscreen it has the & # 34;hands on&#34 ; feeling of a tablet where I can expand windows or text using my fingers or touching the spot where I want the cursor to go , but it has a big , beautiful 15 . 6 inch screen and lots more processing power and memory than a tablet or smartphone .	cursor	neutral
With the touchscreen it has the & # 34;hands on&#34 ; feeling of a tablet where I can expand windows or text using my fingers or touching the spot where I want the cursor to go , but it has a big , beautiful 15 . 6 inch screen and lots more processing power and memory than a tablet or smartphone .	15	neutral
With the touchscreen it has the & # 34;hands on&#34 ; feeling of a tablet where I can expand windows or text using my fingers or touching the spot where I want the cursor to go , but it has a big , beautiful 15 . 6 inch screen and lots more processing power and memory than a tablet or smartphone .	processing power	neutral
With the touchscreen it has the & # 34;hands on&#34 ; feeling of a tablet where I can expand windows or text using my fingers or touching the spot where I want the cursor to go , but it has a big , beautiful 15 . 6 inch screen and lots more processing power and memory than a tablet or smartphone .	memory	neutral
The keyboard cover also works well and fits the keys although with the keyboard lit up	keyboard cover	neutral
The keyboard cover also works well and fits the keys although with the keyboard lit up	keys	neutral
The keyboard cover also works well and fits the keys although with the keyboard lit up	keyboard	neutral
do the job , I use it to connect my notebook to monitor , works well , nothing especial just a HDMI to DVI cable .	HDMI to	neutral
do the job , I use it to connect my notebook to monitor , works well , nothing especial just a HDMI to DVI cable .	DVI cable	neutral
At first I was scared the product could have been crushed in the casing , but that was not the case when I opened it .	casing	neutral
If you need a replacement adapter for an older Inspiron this is an excellent choice and the price is very reasonable .	price	neutral
Are you going to pay a bit of a premium for that kind of quality ?	quality	neutral
The lid / screen is slightly warped , this is more cosmetic .	lid /	neutral
The lid / screen is slightly warped , this is more cosmetic .	screen	neutral
Perfect fit replacement , raises pc up as battery sticks out .	battery	neutral
A+ on build and sound but only B+ on performance due to the bass output .	build	neutral
A+ on build and sound but only B+ on performance due to the bass output .	sound	neutral
A+ on build and sound but only B+ on performance due to the bass output .	performance	neutral
A+ on build and sound but only B+ on performance due to the bass output .	bass output	neutral
However , if you have internet access thru your cell , or you have a wifi , pocket pc .	internet	neutral
Puts the sound where needed not all over the room .	sound	neutral
It has the look and feel of a MacBook Air except the keys are not backlit .	keys	neutral
I would highly recommend it to anyone who needs a replacement battery .	battery	neutral
I was clearly wrong to think that because it is a perfect fit and it easily out preforms my low quality HP battery .	battery	neutral
I have been using this battery for over a year .	battery	neutral
Wire is cheap , so 6 ' should be SOP .	Wire	neutral
For those that have G you are better off focusing on a cheaper G based solution or upgrading to N completely as the backwards compatibility is n't the greatest .	G	neutral
For those that have G you are better off focusing on a cheaper G based solution or upgrading to N completely as the backwards compatibility is n't the greatest .	G based	neutral
For those that have G you are better off focusing on a cheaper G based solution or upgrading to N completely as the backwards compatibility is n't the greatest .	backwards compatibility	neutral
4 oz , my faithful travel scale found the bag without the shoulder strap to be a little over 2 .	shoulder strap	neutral
The folio provides different viewing angles and you can hook it onto one of the ridges to provide a stand .	viewing	neutral
The folio provides different viewing angles and you can hook it onto one of the ridges to provide a stand .	stand	neutral
She has a Nexus 10 , and sometimes likes to chat , so she wanted to use this with her keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
This is a pain in the behind to use , you have to practically look under there to see what you are doing .	use	neutral
Having always had multiple sets of keys for my other cars , which were less than $ 10/set , I do n't feel comfortable with just one way too expensive key to lose .	keys	neutral
Having always had multiple sets of keys for my other cars , which were less than $ 10/set , I do n't feel comfortable with just one way too expensive key to lose .	key	neutral
I am very happy with this cover / sleeve .	cover	neutral
I am very happy with this cover / sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
I was skeptical about this product until I was in a situation where my battery was low and I really needed to stay connected .	battery	neutral
It have very nice color balance for so many small projects without delete them and save these files forever as much as I can .	color balance	neutral
What I like about it , The battery last about 3 . 6 hours for using with out the power cord .	battery	neutral
What I like about it , The battery last about 3 . 6 hours for using with out the power cord .	power cord	neutral
There is considerably more Velcro on it than on the version " A " strap -- many more inches -- but this does n't hold my 13 " computer more securely , because the Velcro is n't positioned as well as it could be .	Velcro	neutral
There is considerably more Velcro on it than on the version " A " strap -- many more inches -- but this does n't hold my 13 " computer more securely , because the Velcro is n't positioned as well as it could be .	Velcro	neutral
Battery life - I have owned mine for almost 2 years and just changed the battery for the first time .	Battery life	neutral
Battery life - I have owned mine for almost 2 years and just changed the battery for the first time .	battery	neutral
It has the ability to charge and iPhone , but can not seem to charge an iPad .	charge	neutral
If you run out of shows you regularly watch , TIVO automatically has a ' TIVO SUGGESTIONS ' feature which records shows it thinks you will like .	TIVO SUGGESTIONS	neutral
You can get a lot of DivX videos on an 8 gb memory card !	8 gb memory card	neutral
Top quality !	quality	neutral
I would purchase again as it is less costly and gives the same performance .	performance	neutral
We liked that these have the power of a desktop ( and we needed that power ) , but we also love the portability .	portability	neutral
It 's small , lightweight , has a keyboard ( something that I miss when using a tablet ) and the battery lasts longer than any laptop I 've owned .	keyboard	neutral
It 's small , lightweight , has a keyboard ( something that I miss when using a tablet ) and the battery lasts longer than any laptop I 've owned .	battery	neutral
The screen is the BEST of any laptop made - just gorgeous .	screen	neutral
usb fast port , HDMI , camera and mic , and so much more5 ) great screen picture quality6 )	usb fast port	neutral
usb fast port , HDMI , camera and mic , and so much more5 ) great screen picture quality6 )	HDMI	neutral
usb fast port , HDMI , camera and mic , and so much more5 ) great screen picture quality6 )	camera	neutral
usb fast port , HDMI , camera and mic , and so much more5 ) great screen picture quality6 )	mic	neutral
usb fast port , HDMI , camera and mic , and so much more5 ) great screen picture quality6 )	screen	neutral
usb fast port , HDMI , camera and mic , and so much more5 ) great screen picture quality6 )	picture quality6	neutral
Unlike some other cords I 've ordered , this one charges , and has worked perfectly .	charges	neutral
The speakers do not take up a lot of space on the desktop , look nice , and have easily reachable volume controls on top of the right speaker if you want to control volume from the speakers instead of your laptop .	speakers	neutral
The speakers do not take up a lot of space on the desktop , look nice , and have easily reachable volume controls on top of the right speaker if you want to control volume from the speakers instead of your laptop .	volume controls	neutral
The speakers do not take up a lot of space on the desktop , look nice , and have easily reachable volume controls on top of the right speaker if you want to control volume from the speakers instead of your laptop .	speakers	neutral
With any ultrabook relying on a fan for cooling you are going to have this issue .	fan	neutral
With any ultrabook relying on a fan for cooling you are going to have this issue .	cooling	neutral
I had the same experience as others who found the pen less accurate than a mouse for the same purposes .	pen	neutral
I had the same experience as others who found the pen less accurate than a mouse for the same purposes .	mouse	neutral
I pulled it out of the packaging , put it in a usb port - let windows do it 's thing ( found it 's own drivers ) - presto .	usb port	neutral
I pulled it out of the packaging , put it in a usb port - let windows do it 's thing ( found it 's own drivers ) - presto .	windows	neutral
I pulled it out of the packaging , put it in a usb port - let windows do it 's thing ( found it 's own drivers ) - presto .	drivers	neutral
Apple has a really light connection to their laptops and the sell it as a feature .	feature	neutral
You can find software options that will keep a Mac from going to sleep ( some without manipulating the mouse routines at all ) , but I like the Mouse Jiggler because it can also be used to keep a * remote * session ( i. e. , the console session of another machine that I am controlling with my iMac ) from going to sleep or locking .	software	neutral
You can find software options that will keep a Mac from going to sleep ( some without manipulating the mouse routines at all ) , but I like the Mouse Jiggler because it can also be used to keep a * remote * session ( i. e. , the console session of another machine that I am controlling with my iMac ) from going to sleep or locking .	mouse routines	neutral
You can find software options that will keep a Mac from going to sleep ( some without manipulating the mouse routines at all ) , but I like the Mouse Jiggler because it can also be used to keep a * remote * session ( i. e. , the console session of another machine that I am controlling with my iMac ) from going to sleep or locking .	Mouse Jiggler	neutral
The manual states that the dock will not charge the tablet .	manual	neutral
The manual states that the dock will not charge the tablet .	dock	neutral
If they made Keyboards I would buy one .	Keyboards	neutral
Press the connect button ( located next to the on / off button ) and then enter the 4 digit code provide .	connect button	neutral
Press the connect button ( located next to the on / off button ) and then enter the 4 digit code provide .	on / off button	neutral
I bought this to use with a bluetooth car scanner , as it does n't stick out and ca n't be easily broken .	bluetooth car scanner	neutral
My only reservations center on the relative paucity of native OS X software .	native OS X software	neutral
I loved everything else about the laptop and disagreed with negative reviews about the battery life -- it was impressive !	battery life	neutral
Getting 8 GB of RAM would put me in the clear , meaning I would never need or use the maximum of 16 GB allowed by the MacBook Pro . 4 ) Comparable performance : The lower clockspeed and voltage of the i5 on the MBA had me concerned at first , but most benchmarks show the MBP i5 outperforming the MBA 's i5 by only about 5 - 10 % .	8 GB of RAM	neutral
Getting 8 GB of RAM would put me in the clear , meaning I would never need or use the maximum of 16 GB allowed by the MacBook Pro . 4 ) Comparable performance : The lower clockspeed and voltage of the i5 on the MBA had me concerned at first , but most benchmarks show the MBP i5 outperforming the MBA 's i5 by only about 5 - 10 % .	performance	neutral
Getting 8 GB of RAM would put me in the clear , meaning I would never need or use the maximum of 16 GB allowed by the MacBook Pro . 4 ) Comparable performance : The lower clockspeed and voltage of the i5 on the MBA had me concerned at first , but most benchmarks show the MBP i5 outperforming the MBA 's i5 by only about 5 - 10 % .	clockspeed	neutral
Getting 8 GB of RAM would put me in the clear , meaning I would never need or use the maximum of 16 GB allowed by the MacBook Pro . 4 ) Comparable performance : The lower clockspeed and voltage of the i5 on the MBA had me concerned at first , but most benchmarks show the MBP i5 outperforming the MBA 's i5 by only about 5 - 10 % .	voltage	neutral
Getting 8 GB of RAM would put me in the clear , meaning I would never need or use the maximum of 16 GB allowed by the MacBook Pro . 4 ) Comparable performance : The lower clockspeed and voltage of the i5 on the MBA had me concerned at first , but most benchmarks show the MBP i5 outperforming the MBA 's i5 by only about 5 - 10 % .	i5	neutral
Getting 8 GB of RAM would put me in the clear , meaning I would never need or use the maximum of 16 GB allowed by the MacBook Pro . 4 ) Comparable performance : The lower clockspeed and voltage of the i5 on the MBA had me concerned at first , but most benchmarks show the MBP i5 outperforming the MBA 's i5 by only about 5 - 10 % .	i5	neutral
There seems to be an extra 2 inches behind the screen , likely for the cooling .	screen	neutral
There seems to be an extra 2 inches behind the screen , likely for the cooling .	cooling	neutral
Not bad gaming headset .	gaming headset	neutral
Full MIONET functionality requires what is now a $ 79/year subscription , and the backup software is a trial version .	MIONET functionality	neutral
Full MIONET functionality requires what is now a $ 79/year subscription , and the backup software is a trial version .	backup software	neutral
Very noticable start - up lag .	start - up lag	neutral
Technically not Transformer 's fault , but it contributes greatly to overall frustration using device : software buttons at the bottom deprive you of rather wide strip of valuable screen real estate ( especially when in landscape orientation ) , home screen animations and other UI transitions are jerky despite quad core processor , stock browser is not very good , bluetooth pairing and audio is flaky .	software buttons	neutral
Technically not Transformer 's fault , but it contributes greatly to overall frustration using device : software buttons at the bottom deprive you of rather wide strip of valuable screen real estate ( especially when in landscape orientation ) , home screen animations and other UI transitions are jerky despite quad core processor , stock browser is not very good , bluetooth pairing and audio is flaky .	screen real	neutral
Technically not Transformer 's fault , but it contributes greatly to overall frustration using device : software buttons at the bottom deprive you of rather wide strip of valuable screen real estate ( especially when in landscape orientation ) , home screen animations and other UI transitions are jerky despite quad core processor , stock browser is not very good , bluetooth pairing and audio is flaky .	UI transitions	neutral
Technically not Transformer 's fault , but it contributes greatly to overall frustration using device : software buttons at the bottom deprive you of rather wide strip of valuable screen real estate ( especially when in landscape orientation ) , home screen animations and other UI transitions are jerky despite quad core processor , stock browser is not very good , bluetooth pairing and audio is flaky .	quad core processor	neutral
Technically not Transformer 's fault , but it contributes greatly to overall frustration using device : software buttons at the bottom deprive you of rather wide strip of valuable screen real estate ( especially when in landscape orientation ) , home screen animations and other UI transitions are jerky despite quad core processor , stock browser is not very good , bluetooth pairing and audio is flaky .	stock browser	neutral
Technically not Transformer 's fault , but it contributes greatly to overall frustration using device : software buttons at the bottom deprive you of rather wide strip of valuable screen real estate ( especially when in landscape orientation ) , home screen animations and other UI transitions are jerky despite quad core processor , stock browser is not very good , bluetooth pairing and audio is flaky .	audio	neutral
Hopefully , the improved transmission capability of the new wireless router ( the old router is a Linksys / Cisco E1000 802 .	transmission capability	neutral
USB port locations could be better like a Samsung alternative .	USB port locations	neutral
I would give it a good 2 years before the connector dies	connector	neutral
The docking station is slim and looks very nice .	docking station	neutral
Scratchy , with a constant low crackle if volume is up more than 1/3 the way .	volume	neutral
With this tablet , I can write directly on a design or on a paper on the screen , just like if it was submitted on paper !	screen	neutral
This microphone comes in handy for practice speaking , and listening to yourself .	microphone	neutral
As someone else posted , I wanted to use this monitor as a desktop extension as I spend a lot of time referencing articles for research papers and would like to be able to view multiple documents simultaneously without having to switch windows .	windows	neutral
Great item , great price !	price	neutral
It goes MUCH higher when connected by cable .	cable	neutral
The connections are a little fiddly , but that is the design of the connectors , not a fault of the cable manufacturer .	connections	neutral
The connections are a little fiddly , but that is the design of the connectors , not a fault of the cable manufacturer .	design	neutral
The connections are a little fiddly , but that is the design of the connectors , not a fault of the cable manufacturer .	connectors	neutral
The connections are a little fiddly , but that is the design of the connectors , not a fault of the cable manufacturer .	cable manufacturer	neutral
It 's the smallest USB receiver you 'll find on any mouse	USB receiver	neutral
The bass quickly dropped out on only half volume	bass	neutral
I do n't do anything on this computer that needs a ton of processing power , so it 's not a big deal .	processing power	neutral
The price was $ 48 less than a local battery place wanted for the same battery .	price	neutral
The price was $ 48 less than a local battery place wanted for the same battery .	battery	neutral
Seagate GoFlex	Seagate GoFlex	neutral
Battery is an exact fit to my HP Pavilion DV7 series laptop .	Battery	neutral
It almost fit except for the power cord jack .	power cord jack	neutral
Set up and security set was fast and easy .	Set up	neutral
Set up and security set was fast and easy .	security set	neutral
I pick up several wireless networks with excellent signal strength .	signal strength	neutral
but I did n't spend much time trying to figure it out yet.&#725 ; Relatively low prince , 11 . 6 " display and light weight seem to be just about right for something that typically you 'd be using to browse the Web while watching TV or take to and from school .	display	neutral
but I did n't spend much time trying to figure it out yet.&#725 ; Relatively low prince , 11 . 6 " display and light weight seem to be just about right for something that typically you 'd be using to browse the Web while watching TV or take to and from school .	browse the Web	neutral
It works GREAT ! ! !	works	neutral
Battery is built - in , so	Battery	neutral
only problem I have with it is that my vga cable does n't screw into it .	vga cable	neutral
The fan is also very quiet .	fan	neutral
The battery certainly does not last 11 . 5 hours as advertised but it does go 4 + hours .	battery	neutral
It 's my 3rd battery for this laptop .	battery	neutral
I figured it would just be easier to buy something with Linux pre - installed than go through the trouble of finding a distribution that supports your machine 's hardware .	Linux	neutral
I figured it would just be easier to buy something with Linux pre - installed than go through the trouble of finding a distribution that supports your machine 's hardware .	hardware	neutral
That said , I have had poor experiences with the longevity of HP machines in the past , particularly due to over - heating .	longevity	neutral
This replacement dock is slightly better and cheaper than the one provided by Apple for the Shuffle .	dock	neutral
Compared to that full - size keyboard , this one does feel a little cramped , but I love the convenience of having everything in one case .	keyboard	neutral
The unibody provides strength , and I must say this notebook is very solid .	unibody	neutral
The sound is not too annoying	sound	neutral
The problem was the cord that was shipped with the enclosure .	cord	neutral
The problem was the cord that was shipped with the enclosure .	enclosure	neutral
The computer has a built in camera and microphone , and I find both are just superb for both close up and distance use , I sit about 12 feet back from where the computer is when using the camera and microphone with Skype and the people I talk to say the picture and audio is very good .	microphone	neutral
The computer has a built in camera and microphone , and I find both are just superb for both close up and distance use , I sit about 12 feet back from where the computer is when using the camera and microphone with Skype and the people I talk to say the picture and audio is very good .	camera and	neutral
The computer has a built in camera and microphone , and I find both are just superb for both close up and distance use , I sit about 12 feet back from where the computer is when using the camera and microphone with Skype and the people I talk to say the picture and audio is very good .	microphone	neutral
The computer has a built in camera and microphone , and I find both are just superb for both close up and distance use , I sit about 12 feet back from where the computer is when using the camera and microphone with Skype and the people I talk to say the picture and audio is very good .	audio	neutral
It was easy to installed & worked the first time without any issue .	installed	neutral
Our company has tried a number of similar HDMI to HDMI devices for presentations , etc .	HDMI to	neutral
Our company has tried a number of similar HDMI to HDMI devices for presentations , etc .	HDMI devices	neutral
I bought this because my laptop has built in Bluetooth that works in conjuction with my WIFI switch .	WIFI switch	neutral
The disappointment came after I plugged it and turn it on ... it hardly moves any air and the motor is powerful , too powerful , that its shakes the tiny Thinkpad laptop that it is plugged to .	motor	neutral
it is the perfect length , and will work great for me .	length	neutral
Ended up not needing the second one as the travel adapter already had a right angle plug on it .	travel adapter	neutral
It retains a charge and it works well .	charge	neutral
It retains a charge and it works well .	works	neutral
The I disconnected the RCA output cables from a working VCR ( so I know the RCA cables and HDTV input of those cables work ) and connected the RCA video cable to this adapter and this adapter to the previously tested laptop VGA output , but nothing gets to the HDTV .	RCA output cables	neutral
The I disconnected the RCA output cables from a working VCR ( so I know the RCA cables and HDTV input of those cables work ) and connected the RCA video cable to this adapter and this adapter to the previously tested laptop VGA output , but nothing gets to the HDTV .	RCA cables	neutral
The I disconnected the RCA output cables from a working VCR ( so I know the RCA cables and HDTV input of those cables work ) and connected the RCA video cable to this adapter and this adapter to the previously tested laptop VGA output , but nothing gets to the HDTV .	RCA video cable	neutral
The I disconnected the RCA output cables from a working VCR ( so I know the RCA cables and HDTV input of those cables work ) and connected the RCA video cable to this adapter and this adapter to the previously tested laptop VGA output , but nothing gets to the HDTV .	VGA output	neutral
20 minutes of work corrected months of putting up with charging issues .	charging	neutral
I use it with my Lenovo laptop and two monitors ( full specs below ) and it set up very quickly ( just make sure you download the newest drivers from the DisplayLink website before plugging it in ) and works almost flawlessly .	set up	neutral
I use it with my Lenovo laptop and two monitors ( full specs below ) and it set up very quickly ( just make sure you download the newest drivers from the DisplayLink website before plugging it in ) and works almost flawlessly .	drivers	neutral
I use it with my Lenovo laptop and two monitors ( full specs below ) and it set up very quickly ( just make sure you download the newest drivers from the DisplayLink website before plugging it in ) and works almost flawlessly .	DisplayLink	neutral
I use it with my Lenovo laptop and two monitors ( full specs below ) and it set up very quickly ( just make sure you download the newest drivers from the DisplayLink website before plugging it in ) and works almost flawlessly .	works	neutral
I have been a user of their products including lcd monitors , motherboards and such , but I can honestly say I will steer clear of their products due to this continuing problem .	lcd monitors	neutral
I have been a user of their products including lcd monitors , motherboards and such , but I can honestly say I will steer clear of their products due to this continuing problem .	motherboards	neutral
I 'm very surprise about this cooling pad .	cooling pad	neutral
My tablet fits it perfectly and the keyboard is excellent with good spacing yet still compact .	keyboard	neutral
( I do n't play games on it	games	neutral
The price ( Currently $ 12 . 99 ) is very appealing for anyone wanting an enclosure .	price	neutral
The price ( Currently $ 12 . 99 ) is very appealing for anyone wanting an enclosure .	enclosure	neutral
GB - Memory Operations per Second - 7 .	Memory Operations	neutral
One thing I did n't see mentioned in the description is that there 's a stiff plastic dual - pocket stitched onto the inside wall , which is designed to hold a couple of SD cards .	dual - pocket	neutral
One thing I did n't see mentioned in the description is that there 's a stiff plastic dual - pocket stitched onto the inside wall , which is designed to hold a couple of SD cards .	SD cards	neutral
PROSSharp Screen , glossy screens appear more sharp and crisp than non glare , just for art and photo editing , it 's annoying in brighter light to everything reflected in it .	screens	neutral
Material is soft and protects the MBA well .	Material	neutral
and then the side buttons would n't need	side buttons	neutral
The scrolling works only if you increase the thickness of the scroll strip .	scrolling	neutral
The scrolling works only if you increase the thickness of the scroll strip .	thickness	neutral
The scrolling works only if you increase the thickness of the scroll strip .	scroll strip	neutral
Not a bad mouse , but not a great one , either .	mouse	neutral
A negative for many is two hours less battery reserve than the Samsung , but I wanted the larger screen and decided I could live with this shortcoming .	battery reserve	neutral
A negative for many is two hours less battery reserve than the Samsung , but I wanted the larger screen and decided I could live with this shortcoming .	screen	neutral
Having the iPhone , and therefore needing it upside down in order to put it in the cradle , is odd , so what I just do is plug it in and do n't bother with the cradle .	cradle	neutral
Sound is weak but passable although the speakers are front	Sound	neutral
Sound is weak but passable although the speakers are front	speakers	neutral
I bought this before Christmas and used it for a few hours until the battery died .	battery	neutral
It even fit my cord to charge my laptop and delivery date was right on time .	cord	neutral
It even fit my cord to charge my laptop and delivery date was right on time .	charge	neutral
The power cord is n't in the best spot , interferes with the mouse since I 'm right handed .	power cord	neutral
The power cord is n't in the best spot , interferes with the mouse since I 'm right handed .	mouse	neutral
You would n't think that a 10 " screen would make such a difference over a 9 " , but trust me -- it does .	10 " screen	neutral
You would n't think that a 10 " screen would make such a difference over a 9 " , but trust me -- it does .	9 "	neutral
Setting up the bluetooth was very easy , it took me less then 5 min .	Setting up the bluetooth	neutral
I figured it might be the old drive enclosures giving out , tried it again , but with those drives connected directly to the systems SATA controller , same result .	drive enclosures	neutral
I figured it might be the old drive enclosures giving out , tried it again , but with those drives connected directly to the systems SATA controller , same result .	drives	neutral
I figured it might be the old drive enclosures giving out , tried it again , but with those drives connected directly to the systems SATA controller , same result .	SATA controller	neutral
I did have to reset my paging file size to match the new memory size , but other than that , I did n't need to know anything about computers to make this modification to my laptop .	memory size	neutral
This is NOT a good speaker for music - the sound quality directly from the tiny built - in speakers in my MacBook Pro is clearer !	sound quality	neutral
This is NOT a good speaker for music - the sound quality directly from the tiny built - in speakers in my MacBook Pro is clearer !	built - in speakers	neutral
Battery works perfect .	Battery	neutral
Well worth the cost .	cost	neutral
Now there are some good features and software you may like if you have time on your hands to get them to work .	features	neutral
Now there are some good features and software you may like if you have time on your hands to get them to work .	software	neutral
5mm - Headset Buddy 01-PC35-PH25/35- PC Headset to 2 . 5 mm and 3 . 5	Headset Buddy	neutral
buy a good lens and filter set for it and its a lot of fun .	lens	neutral
buy a good lens and filter set for it and its a lot of fun .	filter set	neutral
The handle is not aligned along the center of gravity making it useless.- There is no padding for the laptop on the side closest to your body.-	handle	neutral
The handle is not aligned along the center of gravity making it useless.- There is no padding for the laptop on the side closest to your body.-	padding	neutral
Within a few hours after installing this replacement batter , my computer became very over heated and permanently damaged my computer .	batter	neutral
The company is being good on the return , but I could have saved myself the hassle ( & them too )	company	neutral
so I purchased this one and what I noticed is that my battery indicator shows a much longer battery life after each charge .	battery indicator	neutral
so I purchased this one and what I noticed is that my battery indicator shows a much longer battery life after each charge .	battery life	neutral
so I purchased this one and what I noticed is that my battery indicator shows a much longer battery life after each charge .	charge	neutral
No chemical smell as is common in cheaper models .	chemical smell	neutral
Works like a champ and exactly what I needed and you can double up in the individual pockets if needed .	Works	neutral
Not only that its radiant black distinctive colors are actually BETTER looking than the silver outdated and over populated colors of the Air .	colors	neutral
Besides , I knew before buying that the card did n't come with a 6 - 6 cable .	card	neutral
For those who want to use there video games on the AppRadio , the answer is	video games	neutral
It runs the wonderful new OS2008 and there are 185 + free applications you can easily load at maemo .	OS2008	neutral
It runs the wonderful new OS2008 and there are 185 + free applications you can easily load at maemo .	applications	neutral
So I guess it really comes down to durability and the way it " feels " when you are hooking it up .	durability	neutral
The only drawback I 've discovered so far is that the software and pen combination are tethered to one computer .	software	neutral
The only drawback I 've discovered so far is that the software and pen combination are tethered to one computer .	pen combination	neutral
I now appreciate just how bad Windows machines really are with all the bloatware and lockups and other quirky things we have all tolerated over the years .	bloatware	neutral
So , I decided to pay more per gigabyte in order to get a drive I could trust .	drive	neutral
Therefore the problem is the laptop and not the battery .	battery	neutral
Conclusion : It is still a good deal if you want to get a portable machine with reasonable computing power for travel or as a backup machine .	computing power	neutral
I also have the Medialink router and it is also very good !	Medialink router	neutral
This battery is reasonably priced and has given new life to our laptop .	battery	neutral
It is great for a number of uses , but for writing I ended up with a case with a built - in keyboard , basically turning my iPad into a laptop , but with all the inherent limitations of an iPad and a chiclet keyboard .	case	neutral
It is great for a number of uses , but for writing I ended up with a case with a built - in keyboard , basically turning my iPad into a laptop , but with all the inherent limitations of an iPad and a chiclet keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
This review may be revised downward in the future if longevity issues arise .	longevity	neutral
Beautifully made of quality materials .	materials	neutral
I purchased this portable hard drive to go with my Toshiba Laptop .	hard drive	neutral
The Moster strip keeps the phones , MP3 players and GPS all in one spot .	strip	neutral
Installation was easy , and the quality of the product is great .	Installation	neutral
Installation was easy , and the quality of the product is great .	quality	neutral
Pressing a key on the keyboard should wake it up , and is a minor inconvenience if you 're simply using it to type in - frequently ( like searching for a title on Amazon instant video , etc).I was able to sync the keyboard to my Samsung Galaxy Note 3 ( which was cool ) and use it alongside a bluetooth mouse .	keyboard	neutral
Pressing a key on the keyboard should wake it up , and is a minor inconvenience if you 're simply using it to type in - frequently ( like searching for a title on Amazon instant video , etc).I was able to sync the keyboard to my Samsung Galaxy Note 3 ( which was cool ) and use it alongside a bluetooth mouse .	keyboard	neutral
Pressing a key on the keyboard should wake it up , and is a minor inconvenience if you 're simply using it to type in - frequently ( like searching for a title on Amazon instant video , etc).I was able to sync the keyboard to my Samsung Galaxy Note 3 ( which was cool ) and use it alongside a bluetooth mouse .	bluetooth mouse	neutral
The Xoom and Galaxy were priced too high for me , the Toshiba Thrive was appealing , but the Sony 32 GB was what really caught my eye .	priced	neutral
The Xoom and Galaxy were priced too high for me , the Toshiba Thrive was appealing , but the Sony 32 GB was what really caught my eye .	32 GB	neutral
VGA port- SuperDrive ( DVD burner ) is optional on PowerBook	VGA port-	neutral
VGA port- SuperDrive ( DVD burner ) is optional on PowerBook	SuperDrive	neutral
VGA port- SuperDrive ( DVD burner ) is optional on PowerBook	DVD burner	neutral
It comes with a Win 7 recovery diskette .	Win 7 recovery diskette	neutral
both liked its ergonomic qualities;it adjusted to both our laps just fine .	ergonomic	neutral
It did its own updating , and offered me a few battery options right away .	battery	neutral
Airplane mode is desastrous , if the airplane outlet is not having enough power or if it is providing a 12V outlet .	Airplane mode	neutral
Airplane mode is desastrous , if the airplane outlet is not having enough power or if it is providing a 12V outlet .	airplane outlet	neutral
Airplane mode is desastrous , if the airplane outlet is not having enough power or if it is providing a 12V outlet .	power	neutral
Airplane mode is desastrous , if the airplane outlet is not having enough power or if it is providing a 12V outlet .	12V outlet	neutral
Most of the controls work on it .	controls	neutral
That makes 6 items for 4 ports , then add the thumb drive that I use pretty regularly	ports	neutral
That makes 6 items for 4 ports , then add the thumb drive that I use pretty regularly	thumb drive	neutral
sadly , it turned out not to be the battery , but the adapter or whatever it 's called .	battery	neutral
sadly , it turned out not to be the battery , but the adapter or whatever it 's called .	adapter	neutral
This is a perfect fit for the screen .	screen	neutral
The quality is really bad .	quality	neutral
The only con is that I can see the opening being stretched out of shape because it 's such a tight fit .	opening	neutral
This allows you to cut your power cable and put two boxes along the line which will allow you to use it to 1 ) charge the HyperJuice ; 2 ) charge the MBA from the HyperJuice ; and 3 ) charge both the HyperJuice and MBA at the same time on the same cord .	power cable	neutral
This allows you to cut your power cable and put two boxes along the line which will allow you to use it to 1 ) charge the HyperJuice ; 2 ) charge the MBA from the HyperJuice ; and 3 ) charge both the HyperJuice and MBA at the same time on the same cord .	cord	neutral
if you want a light weight and compact case for laptop then go for it .	case	neutral
Perhaps it only works on Macs with Intel processor ?	Intel processor	neutral
Not very happy with this speaker package .	speaker package	neutral
I do n't recommend this , unless it fits what you need it to do , it does n't work well with the galaxy s3 , it HARDLY charges it , and I think it ruined my battery because ever since I connected it to my phone	battery	neutral
In fact , it may have too much unwanted software on it .	software	neutral
Of course , the cord was nowhere to be found .	cord	neutral
If you drop it , it might help with scuffing , but the impact damage wo n't be reduced much .	impact	neutral
The pics are clear and easy to operate .	operate	neutral
On the other hand the iLap arrived a day latter and was totally unusable .	iLap	neutral
This is mainly just picky devices that only like to charge with the manufacturer supplied charger .	charger	neutral
It allows you to place the camera on top of your screen or stand it on your table , and you can pivot it to any angle you want .	camera	neutral
First of all , if you are into home computing like surfing the web , chatting , emailing and using office type software then this is not a recommended machine .	surfing the web	neutral
First of all , if you are into home computing like surfing the web , chatting , emailing and using office type software then this is not a recommended machine .	office type software	neutral
Even though the adapter is buried in a cabinet and facing the wrong direction , the signal fills the large room and more .	adapter	neutral
Even though the adapter is buried in a cabinet and facing the wrong direction , the signal fills the large room and more .	signal	neutral
What a phenomenal and vividly detailed LED screen .	LED screen	neutral
It is super quiet , maybe will hear a fan every now and then .	fan	neutral
As far as I can tell online , the wireless adapter issues come from the adapter being very new and not " playing well " with older routers .	wireless adapter	neutral
As far as I can tell online , the wireless adapter issues come from the adapter being very new and not " playing well " with older routers .	adapter	neutral
The software downloaded from the internet from Microsoft .	software	neutral
Sadly , the Aspire 3680 is n't known for good power management and even with this 7800mah batt , uptime is only 4 hours ( 4 . 5 if you pray , turn off the wifi , and dim the screen to 50 % ) .	power management	neutral
Sadly , the Aspire 3680 is n't known for good power management and even with this 7800mah batt , uptime is only 4 hours ( 4 . 5 if you pray , turn off the wifi , and dim the screen to 50 % ) .	uptime	neutral
Sadly , the Aspire 3680 is n't known for good power management and even with this 7800mah batt , uptime is only 4 hours ( 4 . 5 if you pray , turn off the wifi , and dim the screen to 50 % ) .	wifi	neutral
Sadly , the Aspire 3680 is n't known for good power management and even with this 7800mah batt , uptime is only 4 hours ( 4 . 5 if you pray , turn off the wifi , and dim the screen to 50 % ) .	screen	neutral
Again the design does not seem to be the sturdiest but it does get the job done .	design	neutral
These cables seem to be off good quality .	cables	neutral
There are other cable management systems out there for less and diy solutions as well .	cable management systems	neutral
A lot of that probably has to do with the USB cable and stand that they use .	USB cable and stand	neutral
along the center line of the bag , I have a 70 - 200 2 . 8 and a 50 1 . 8 on one side and 2 flashes and a set of 4 radio trigger on the other size ( you can easily put a small zoom in place of the radio triggers ) .	radio trigger	neutral
The outside design of this is what differentiated it for me .	outside design	neutral
You have to reset router to factory defaults and have to reinstall desktop utility to make it work.-	desktop utility	neutral
One thing I like is you do not need a power cord for this one !	power cord	neutral
The cables are too short to reach from the top of the monitor to the back of the PC .	cables	neutral
Acer needs a new BIO for this , or perhaps Windows7 will rectify this dilemma .	BIO	neutral
Acer needs a new BIO for this , or perhaps Windows7 will rectify this dilemma .	Windows7	neutral
Consider adding at least another 256.- internal fan is sometime annoying when you do heavy graphics / calculation .	internal fan	neutral
Consider adding at least another 256.- internal fan is sometime annoying when you do heavy graphics / calculation .	graphics	neutral
The SSD caching really helps when it 's being utilized , but 32 gb only goes so far , but keep in mind this is coming from somebody who only uses solid state storage in his primary computer , so it may be perfect for you .	SSD caching	neutral
I ca n't speak for battery life or keyboard life for that matter but will come back and update this review if I have any issues with this device .	battery life	neutral
I ca n't speak for battery life or keyboard life for that matter but will come back and update this review if I have any issues with this device .	keyboard life	neutral
The restore software makes two 80 GB partitions ( ' C ' and ' D ' drives ) that will DESTROY any other custom OS 's you may have set up .	restore software	neutral
The restore software makes two 80 GB partitions ( ' C ' and ' D ' drives ) that will DESTROY any other custom OS 's you may have set up .	OS 's	neutral
but if I am the only one listening to the music I would not hesitate to use headphones over this .	headphones	neutral
The screen is nice , but is somewhat difficult to see outdoors in sunlight -- too much glare !	screen	neutral
Nicely built but pretty pricey .	built	neutral
The touch surface is not very precise ( making fine movements difficult ) and the clicking action is squishy .	touch surface	neutral
The touch surface is not very precise ( making fine movements difficult ) and the clicking action is squishy .	clicking action	neutral
The cord is a little thick , which is fine with me .	cord	neutral
Although it was a nice MP3 Boombox , the usability of the folder menu had much to be desired .	folder menu	neutral
MLC Solid State Drive ( SSD )	MLC	neutral
MLC Solid State Drive ( SSD )	Solid State Drive	neutral
Appearance is good , and for the price I did not expect actual leather .	Appearance	neutral
Appearance is good , and for the price I did not expect actual leather .	price	neutral
Appearance is good , and for the price I did not expect actual leather .	leather	neutral
As far as the Pi is concerned it works great as a keyboard	Pi	neutral
As far as the Pi is concerned it works great as a keyboard	keyboard	neutral
It is because of the covers case 's weight .	covers case	neutral
It is because of the covers case 's weight .	weight	neutral
The Case Logic DSLR Photo / Video & Laptop Backpack , and is a great alternative to a hard case .	hard case	neutral
As far as the mic itself , I ca n't speak for the quality of the sound	mic	neutral
As far as the mic itself , I ca n't speak for the quality of the sound	sound	neutral
The processor is okay .	processor	neutral
If you have a PCMCIA slot , you probably never even noticed it , because this is technology on the way out , and if you do have reason to use your PCMCIA card slot , why waste the single available slot on this old - timey relic ?	PCMCIA slot	neutral
If you have a PCMCIA slot , you probably never even noticed it , because this is technology on the way out , and if you do have reason to use your PCMCIA card slot , why waste the single available slot on this old - timey relic ?	PCMCIA card slot	neutral
If you have a PCMCIA slot , you probably never even noticed it , because this is technology on the way out , and if you do have reason to use your PCMCIA card slot , why waste the single available slot on this old - timey relic ?	slot	neutral
You can connect this unit to your phone or Mp3 player with the audio plug .	audio plug	neutral
I tried the default normal mode and clear mode , and gave up right after , turning off the auto motion completely .	normal mode	neutral
I tried the default normal mode and clear mode , and gave up right after , turning off the auto motion completely .	clear mode	neutral
I tried the default normal mode and clear mode , and gave up right after , turning off the auto motion completely .	auto motion	neutral
Graphics with 64 MB of memory ( minimum).USB 2 . 0 port ( will not work with USB 1 .	Graphics	neutral
Graphics with 64 MB of memory ( minimum).USB 2 . 0 port ( will not work with USB 1 .	64	neutral
Graphics with 64 MB of memory ( minimum).USB 2 . 0 port ( will not work with USB 1 .	USB 1	neutral
so put back on XP ( from the back up discs	XP	neutral
Of course , the low price more or less let me know that before hand .	price	neutral
it 's no audiophile grade bluetooth speaker , but you are DEFINITELY getting what you pay for , and probably more .	bluetooth speaker	neutral
They were very stylish , and had a nice controller with remote , but they actually did n't sound great .	controller	neutral
They were very stylish , and had a nice controller with remote , but they actually did n't sound great .	remote	neutral
Summary : A very heavy duty backpack / book bag targeted to students , with much left to be desired in integration of the battery pack - the sum of parts is less than the whole .	battery pack	neutral
It always seems to have a blue tint after using my calibration tools and does n't appear to stay & # 34;calibrated&#34 ; for very long .	calibration	neutral
It is cheap and it works ... great for travel , home , & office ... at this price , you can trade them with your friends if you wish ...	price	neutral
The computer must first recognize the dervice , enabled it , pair it , and then send music too it	dervice	neutral
Mine are in the front of the keyboard on my laptop close to my wrist and the light fixture itself gets in the way a little .	keyboard	neutral
Mine are in the front of the keyboard on my laptop close to my wrist and the light fixture itself gets in the way a little .	light fixture	neutral
Price is good .	Price	neutral
I was not initially a fan of Windows 8 but after a week of playing around with it , resetting some defaults , dumping some bloatware and just getting the feel for it	Windows 8	neutral
I was not initially a fan of Windows 8 but after a week of playing around with it , resetting some defaults , dumping some bloatware and just getting the feel for it	bloatware	neutral
Now for graphics , boy I really love the " switchable graphics ,	graphics	neutral
Now for graphics , boy I really love the " switchable graphics ,	switchable graphics	neutral
The side compartment is great to store my portable AC power adapter and digital camera .	side compartment	neutral
The side compartment is great to store my portable AC power adapter and digital camera .	AC power adapter	neutral
Low amperage usage on the 12V computer BUS .	amperage usage	neutral
Low amperage usage on the 12V computer BUS .	12V	neutral
this is a pretty good computer , honestly i do nt care about touchscreen , it was a pain in the ......... to be able to format it and install windows 7 , but honestly that fix the problem with the computer .	touchscreen	neutral
this is a pretty good computer , honestly i do nt care about touchscreen , it was a pain in the ......... to be able to format it and install windows 7 , but honestly that fix the problem with the computer .	windows 7	neutral
Any time of year this power supply can serve as a marvelous warming coaster or food warmer , keeping your beverage or meal piping hot for hours .	power supply	neutral
but I love that each is controlled by its own switch so I can turn them off and on and customize everything .	switch	neutral
The physical device itself is a bit flimsy though , it has warped such that all 4 corners do not touch and just typing on the keyboard makes the lid rock back and forth .	physical device	neutral
The physical device itself is a bit flimsy though , it has warped such that all 4 corners do not touch and just typing on the keyboard makes the lid rock back and forth .	keyboard	neutral
The physical device itself is a bit flimsy though , it has warped such that all 4 corners do not touch and just typing on the keyboard makes the lid rock back and forth .	lid	neutral
I have two of them and they both sound and work better than the IM-237 .	sound	neutral
The only internal zipper closes a large compartment sized for papers .	internal zipper	neutral
It provides unlimited phone support and hardware diagnosis .	phone support	neutral
It provides unlimited phone support and hardware diagnosis .	hardware diagnosis	neutral
That 's how I use this one , and I must say you ca n't tell the difference between it and the Apple one as far as quality !	quality	neutral
Internal bluetooth works perfect with a bluetooth mouse .	Internal bluetooth	neutral
Internal bluetooth works perfect with a bluetooth mouse .	bluetooth mouse	neutral
Music sounds rich when played .	Music	neutral
the cable that connects the hub to the PC could be a little longer ( 6 to 12 inches would be ideal).I've also used it on a MacBook Pro , and it simply works , plug'n'play .	cable	neutral
the cable that connects the hub to the PC could be a little longer ( 6 to 12 inches would be ideal).I've also used it on a MacBook Pro , and it simply works , plug'n'play .	hub	neutral
It performs similarly to m original battery which is really abysmal even by yesterday 's standards which is around 1 1/2 hours to 2 hours max in a real life setting -- just enough for me to do a PowerPoint presentation with a review .	performs	neutral
It performs similarly to m original battery which is really abysmal even by yesterday 's standards which is around 1 1/2 hours to 2 hours max in a real life setting -- just enough for me to do a PowerPoint presentation with a review .	battery	neutral
It 's super convenient to have a two in one sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
My case and CPU fans are louder than the PS fan .	case	neutral
My case and CPU fans are louder than the PS fan .	CPU fans	neutral
My case and CPU fans are louder than the PS fan .	PS fan	neutral
You ca n't run serious applications with a tablet and you ca n't have portability with a PC -	applications	neutral
You ca n't run serious applications with a tablet and you ca n't have portability with a PC -	portability	neutral
There is a large open pocket in the back which I use for on the go things .	pocket	neutral
Replacement battery for a notebook .	battery	neutral
If it was n't for the free camera I won at work in 2003	camera	neutral
The bag dimensions are huge , but looking inside the space utilization is not that great .	dimensions	neutral
The bag dimensions are huge , but looking inside the space utilization is not that great .	space utilization	neutral
My printer was too far from my PC , so this cable made it easy to reach and works great .	cable	neutral
My printer was too far from my PC , so this cable made it easy to reach and works great .	reach	neutral
My printer was too far from my PC , so this cable made it easy to reach and works great .	works	neutral
Its a Perfect Mouse because i can do all more fast than my old mouse .	Mouse	neutral
Its design is sharp on ends , really ?	design	neutral
Decent battery life-	battery life-	neutral
The design / styling is a bit clunky .	design	neutral
The design / styling is a bit clunky .	styling	neutral
the " Mac tax " is still there , but it is n't nearly as high as I thought ( on this machine , it 's probably a chunk of change somewhere in the $ 500 - 600 range , but it is less than the $ 1 , 200	Mac tax	neutral
The first thing I did was immediately test to see if it would play netflix from my couch about 14 feet away without a loss of frame rate or delay in audio .	frame rate	neutral
but I did n't buy it for windows either .	windows	neutral
I tried using a bluetooth mouse with this machine .	bluetooth mouse	neutral
You should see that the BIOS shows 2048 GB RAM .	BIOS	neutral
Basically , the zipper handle for the body compartment was broken off and all 4 of the horizontal lens dividers were missing .	zipper handle for the body compartment	neutral
Basically , the zipper handle for the body compartment was broken off and all 4 of the horizontal lens dividers were missing .	horizontal lens dividers	neutral
The first card failed within the first six months after purchase .	card	neutral
The 32 GB storage is ample , although I have bought another 32 GB MicroSD to be in safe side .	32 GB storage	neutral
Received this Sony laptop for 1 week , first set up wireless , then downloaded and updated all windows 7 patches ( > 50 ) and VAIO patches .	windows 7 patches	neutral
Then I found it would not work in F4 recovery mode anymore once upgraded to 8 .	F4 recovery mode	neutral
Then I found it would not work in F4 recovery mode anymore once upgraded to 8 .	8	neutral
If one is particularly interested in Microsoft Office with Powerpoint , or other rather common software , one could probably save a little money by shopping around for a machine with some pre - installed and/or bundled software .	Microsoft Office	neutral
If one is particularly interested in Microsoft Office with Powerpoint , or other rather common software , one could probably save a little money by shopping around for a machine with some pre - installed and/or bundled software .	software	neutral
If one is particularly interested in Microsoft Office with Powerpoint , or other rather common software , one could probably save a little money by shopping around for a machine with some pre - installed and/or bundled software .	bundled software	neutral
I spoke with Asus tech , and I had to do a hard reset on the system ...	Asus tech	neutral
I spoke with Asus tech , and I had to do a hard reset on the system ...	hard	neutral
I spoke with Asus tech , and I had to do a hard reset on the system ...	system	neutral
The only thing Logitech could do to improve this mouse would be to put about 2 GB of flash memory on the receiver for Vista to use for ReadyBoost !	mouse	neutral
The only thing Logitech could do to improve this mouse would be to put about 2 GB of flash memory on the receiver for Vista to use for ReadyBoost !	flash memory	neutral
The only thing Logitech could do to improve this mouse would be to put about 2 GB of flash memory on the receiver for Vista to use for ReadyBoost !	receiver	neutral
The only thing Logitech could do to improve this mouse would be to put about 2 GB of flash memory on the receiver for Vista to use for ReadyBoost !	Vista	neutral
The only thing Logitech could do to improve this mouse would be to put about 2 GB of flash memory on the receiver for Vista to use for ReadyBoost !	ReadyBoost	neutral
Li - ion batteries have been known to explode and catch fire .	Li - ion batteries	neutral
" Easy " to install is just that - even I could do it !	install	neutral
Easy and quick to setup for both hardware and software , fancy and interesting to watch TV on iPad .	setup	neutral
Easy and quick to setup for both hardware and software , fancy and interesting to watch TV on iPad .	hardware	neutral
Easy and quick to setup for both hardware and software , fancy and interesting to watch TV on iPad .	software	neutral
Radeon HD3200 graphics see to that .	Radeon HD3200 graphics	neutral
Another 5 star performance .	performance	neutral
I DID use the battery as recommended : fully charged battery , ran UNPLUGGED till close to diminished , then plugged / charged again (	battery	neutral
I DID use the battery as recommended : fully charged battery , ran UNPLUGGED till close to diminished , then plugged / charged again (	battery	neutral
I 've liked Belkin 's line of cables and connectors and have found them reliable and as described for other purchases and uses .	cables	neutral
I 've liked Belkin 's line of cables and connectors and have found them reliable and as described for other purchases and uses .	connectors	neutral
And if your internet speed is not so great , getting more through a smaller pipe is a good thing .	internet speed	neutral
One star deduction for the decidedly NOT frustration free packaging .	packaging	neutral
all wrapped in a diminutive aluminum frame .	aluminum frame	neutral
This is minor , but I am always afraid I might accidentally touch the exposed circuit board of the hard drive when I am powering the drive up or removing it .	circuit board	neutral
This is minor , but I am always afraid I might accidentally touch the exposed circuit board of the hard drive when I am powering the drive up or removing it .	hard drive	neutral
Came quickly and was VERY reasonably priced .	priced	neutral
This router serves but it could be a much better product than it is and the lack of pci cards is really hampering their sales of this product if you ask me .	pci cards	neutral
When I first clicked on the Music app , it downloaded all of my music library from Media Player to the Music app , and then I had all of my music in 2 different places , and was therefore , taking up twice the memory space !	Music app	neutral
When I first clicked on the Music app , it downloaded all of my music library from Media Player to the Music app , and then I had all of my music in 2 different places , and was therefore , taking up twice the memory space !	memory space	neutral
The fan control however is a waste ; The fans spin so quiet why would you want to slow them down .	fan control	neutral
The fan control however is a waste ; The fans spin so quiet why would you want to slow them down .	fans	neutral
You can reprogram the buttons and customize the color of the mouse .	buttons	neutral
You can reprogram the buttons and customize the color of the mouse .	color	neutral
You can reprogram the buttons and customize the color of the mouse .	mouse	neutral
My pickiness aside , this case will easily hold a laptop , your AC cord and essentials .	AC cord	neutral
The lapdesk is much better than just holding the netbook in your lap or even using a small table .	lapdesk	neutral
Very restricted use- only for day trips when i do n't need anything else to be carried .	use-	neutral
The device I received has the smaller notebook - style 2-wire AC cord ( unpolarized C7 connector ) .	2-wire AC cord	neutral
The device I received has the smaller notebook - style 2-wire AC cord ( unpolarized C7 connector ) .	C7 connector	neutral
Windows 7 recognized it right away	Windows 7	neutral
b ) the size , its 5 . 25 in X 3 . 0 in , and .75 in for the depth .	size	neutral
Nice , oversized screen with great resolution .	screen	neutral
Nice , oversized screen with great resolution .	resolution	neutral
The extra pocket holds the wall outlet well , however I do keep the AC adapter and batteries in another bag just to reduce stretching and wear	wall outlet	neutral
The extra pocket holds the wall outlet well , however I do keep the AC adapter and batteries in another bag just to reduce stretching and wear	AC adapter	neutral
The extra pocket holds the wall outlet well , however I do keep the AC adapter and batteries in another bag just to reduce stretching and wear	batteries	neutral
I also used a Carry Speed Uni - Strap / Hand Strap .	Carry Speed Uni - Strap /	neutral
I also used a Carry Speed Uni - Strap / Hand Strap .	Hand Strap	neutral
Pre - installed software stinks .	Pre - installed software	neutral
Zippers and stitchings area all intact .	Zippers	neutral
Zippers and stitchings area all intact .	stitchings	neutral
She poked around it a bit and ended up showing me how the interface was set up instead of the other way around .	interface	neutral
so when I opened the pc it snapped the outside outer cover off ) .	outside outer cover	neutral
The sleeve worked perfect .	sleeve	neutral
They even waived the usual shipping costs ( probably because they know it was their fault ) .	shipping costs	neutral
This tripod bag , made of thick durable 420D polyester / nylon , is sturdily made , with one orange - colored rib seam running along its length and an orange - colored circular bottom .	bottom	neutral
I accidentally bought one of these thinking it would fit an Intel 1 .	Intel 1	neutral
This is very cool feature for me .	feature	neutral
Screen is n't that vibrant , kinda washed out looking ,	Screen	neutral
Amazon sent a brand new replacement out to me with one - day shipping .	shipping	neutral
The 32L Backpack and the Climbing Pack were put into the 120 wire cage along with the 200 camera bag .	Climbing Pack	neutral
MacBook got all bloated and fat .	bloated	neutral
This ram worked flawlessly with my iMac extreme .	ram	neutral
I replaced the battery on my Compaq V6310US with this one .	battery	neutral
When I purchased this machine I was expecting a mid - level gaming laptop .	gaming	neutral
I was never able to get my laptop to properly recognize the card .	card	neutral
They did not even mention or provided an reducer adaptor , another Duh !	reducer adaptor	neutral
You might have to adjust the sound on your computer and get the best sound out of these speakers but overall , they worked great .	sound	neutral
You might have to adjust the sound on your computer and get the best sound out of these speakers but overall , they worked great .	sound	neutral
You might have to adjust the sound on your computer and get the best sound out of these speakers but overall , they worked great .	speakers	neutral
We turn down the lights at night to help our daughter go to sleep , and it can sometimes be difficult to see the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
People that spend more than a few dollars for a cable , any cable , are nuts .	cable	neutral
For those of you who are still looking around , I would note that HP 's higher models with " Beats Audio " are n't anything spectacular either .	Beats Audio	neutral
The pen works if you just do n't want to touch your screen .	pen	neutral
so when i got the screen	screen	neutral
Still , Best Buy opened at nine , and the magic mouse was on sale , so not so bad .	magic mouse	neutral
They now have the older XP and newer machines running together using 1 each Keyboard , Mouse , Monitor , and speaker set .	Keyboard	neutral
They now have the older XP and newer machines running together using 1 each Keyboard , Mouse , Monitor , and speaker set .	Mouse	neutral
They now have the older XP and newer machines running together using 1 each Keyboard , Mouse , Monitor , and speaker set .	Monitor	neutral
They now have the older XP and newer machines running together using 1 each Keyboard , Mouse , Monitor , and speaker set .	speaker	neutral
The keyboard is great , it provides an easier way to respond to emails or post comments on facebook or other apps .	keyboard	neutral
They keys are easy to press , very firmly attached , no wiggle , and all it takes is a mild press on each key rather than having to press them down hard as some similar keyboards I 've used .	keys	neutral
The screen is well too me its not small .	screen	neutral
Our daughter was actually kissing the panda 's nose when she saw the speaker for the first time .	speaker	neutral
The cable is great and has really fast transfer speeds on my Droid ( fits snug too )	cable	neutral
The cable is great and has really fast transfer speeds on my Droid ( fits snug too )	transfer speeds	neutral
My only gripe is that it should include a Shuffle button since it is meant for multimedia .	Shuffle button	neutral
My only gripe is that it should include a Shuffle button since it is meant for multimedia .	multimedia	neutral
The drivers work in MAC and Windows , though I tested only Windows 7 Professional .	drivers	neutral
The drivers work in MAC and Windows , though I tested only Windows 7 Professional .	Windows 7 Professional	neutral
3 , 64 bit , and usually have around 3 - 4 applications open at any given time while I work .	applications	neutral
Two things I did n't realise how much I liked having in my old Samsonite that are missing in this bag : there is no KEY HOOK , and no partitions for binders , notepads or files in the main compartment , it 's just a big hole .	KEY HOOK	neutral
Wireless drops occur independently of the wireless network router ( tried a few different ones).I tried uninstalling " problematic " Windows updates , enabling max power settings for wireless , and updating to the newest wireless driver ( from the Intel website via their detection tool ) .	Wireless	neutral
Wireless drops occur independently of the wireless network router ( tried a few different ones).I tried uninstalling " problematic " Windows updates , enabling max power settings for wireless , and updating to the newest wireless driver ( from the Intel website via their detection tool ) .	Windows updates	neutral
Wireless drops occur independently of the wireless network router ( tried a few different ones).I tried uninstalling " problematic " Windows updates , enabling max power settings for wireless , and updating to the newest wireless driver ( from the Intel website via their detection tool ) .	wireless	neutral
Wireless drops occur independently of the wireless network router ( tried a few different ones).I tried uninstalling " problematic " Windows updates , enabling max power settings for wireless , and updating to the newest wireless driver ( from the Intel website via their detection tool ) .	wireless driver	neutral
But if you are an audiophile or even someone who expects more balanced sound from their system , you might want to keep looking .	sound	neutral
But if you are an audiophile or even someone who expects more balanced sound from their system , you might want to keep looking .	system	neutral
Samsung did send me a recovery disk , but it is for Windows Home instead of Windows Professional , which is odd .	recovery disk	neutral
Samsung did send me a recovery disk , but it is for Windows Home instead of Windows Professional , which is odd .	Windows Home	neutral
Samsung did send me a recovery disk , but it is for Windows Home instead of Windows Professional , which is odd .	Windows Professional	neutral
This backpack consists of two main compartments .	compartments	neutral
This is a good replacment keyboard for the Laptop .	keyboard	neutral
I recently experienced a power surge that destroyed a lot of my electronics in my office , but this charger is still going !	power	neutral
I recently experienced a power surge that destroyed a lot of my electronics in my office , but this charger is still going !	charger	neutral
No third party software is required on an Andriod ( nor on an Apple iPhone or iPad ) .	software	neutral
The quality is just great.*Performance is great , again you do nt notice until you try another laptop with the same specs ,	quality	neutral
The quality is just great.*Performance is great , again you do nt notice until you try another laptop with the same specs ,	specs	neutral
but I have perfect copies on my hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
so you do n't lose one of your ports .	ports	neutral
Let it go to a full charge / discharge for three times .	charge	neutral
Let it go to a full charge / discharge for three times .	discharge	neutral
This basically forces you to run a Desktop that is just a Desktop and then run other apps in their own Desktop space .	apps	neutral
whatever else one connects to the USB hub portion of the Dynadock .	USB hub	neutral
whatever else one connects to the USB hub portion of the Dynadock .	Dynadock	neutral
The price sealed the deal .	price	neutral
Just take your time ( look at a few tutorials on YouTube ) , make sure you 're grounded and not on carpet when you open up the case to prevent harmful static which can ruin parts .	case	neutral
I bought this to replace a 6 cell battery for my little Gateway netbook .	6 cell battery	neutral
( although I could get rid of it if I bought a bluetooth mouse ... )	bluetooth mouse	neutral
Also , spend the time to remove the junk software that comes pre - installed .	software	neutral
Works great	Works	neutral
The monthly cost is enormous but often justified by savings in travel costs ( if you say so ) .	monthly cost	neutral
: -Glitchy touch pad	touch pad	neutral
As other reviewers have noted , the lid opened nicely and stayed where I set it .	lid	neutral
I highly recommend this battery .	battery	neutral
I 've been lazy and have n't tried dirt 3 , which came free with my purchase .	dirt 3	neutral
Upon first examination the design is simple , textured materials that give a sturdy feeling with a well made feeling to it that meets the desired need of toting your laptop around in a sophisticated manner .	design	neutral
Upon first examination the design is simple , textured materials that give a sturdy feeling with a well made feeling to it that meets the desired need of toting your laptop around in a sophisticated manner .	materials	neutral
I previously installed Windows XP and it was so much slower than Xandros or Xubuntu ,	Windows XP	neutral
I previously installed Windows XP and it was so much slower than Xandros or Xubuntu ,	Xandros	neutral
I previously installed Windows XP and it was so much slower than Xandros or Xubuntu ,	Xubuntu	neutral
My 2004 iBook has been great except for its battery life ; now there 's nothing not to love .	battery life	neutral
Even without the antenna my computer still picks up my own router .	antenna	neutral
Defect 2 : Super noisy fan / hot box : when you turn the box on , a high pitched load fan noise is immediately heard .	fan	neutral
Defect 2 : Super noisy fan / hot box : when you turn the box on , a high pitched load fan noise is immediately heard .	fan	neutral
Both Yoga 's had the same drivers and BIOS .	drivers	neutral
Both Yoga 's had the same drivers and BIOS .	BIOS	neutral
this mouse has worked well so far , with only a couple exceptions .	mouse	neutral
I was shopping around , wondering if I should replace my broken screen ( oops , totally my fault ! )	screen	neutral
ca n't argue with the price .	price	neutral
And the bag has structure .	structure	neutral
The nice folks at Anker contacted me to offer a replacement battery .	battery	neutral
The rubber key board is Ok , is difficult to type with it .	rubber key board	neutral
The clerk claimed they were from a reputable company ( I think Rayovac ) , but you really get what you pay for .	clerk	neutral
Each chained speaker set will need to have its volume changes individually , or , all speakers set to max and the volume of the input device is used to control the series of speakers .	volume	neutral
Each chained speaker set will need to have its volume changes individually , or , all speakers set to max and the volume of the input device is used to control the series of speakers .	speakers	neutral
Each chained speaker set will need to have its volume changes individually , or , all speakers set to max and the volume of the input device is used to control the series of speakers .	volume	neutral
Each chained speaker set will need to have its volume changes individually , or , all speakers set to max and the volume of the input device is used to control the series of speakers .	speakers	neutral
Many X202e users including myself have found that setting the brightness to -20 , contrast to 51 and gamma to 0 . 9 , makes for richer colours .	brightness	neutral
Many X202e users including myself have found that setting the brightness to -20 , contrast to 51 and gamma to 0 . 9 , makes for richer colours .	contrast	neutral
Many X202e users including myself have found that setting the brightness to -20 , contrast to 51 and gamma to 0 . 9 , makes for richer colours .	colours	neutral
End result : poor connection .	connection	neutral
A great way to add some color to my MacBook Pro 13&#34 ; it is rubberized and grippy !	color	neutral
I see the word Garmin some times , I see the original screen sometimes .	screen	neutral
Nothing was wrong with the hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
It has a sleek looking case ( aluminum ) , truly great red backlit keyboard ( one of the best I 've used ) , and red accents on the speakers ( which sound pretty good for a notebook ) .	case	neutral
It has a sleek looking case ( aluminum ) , truly great red backlit keyboard ( one of the best I 've used ) , and red accents on the speakers ( which sound pretty good for a notebook ) .	backlit keyboard	neutral
It has a sleek looking case ( aluminum ) , truly great red backlit keyboard ( one of the best I 've used ) , and red accents on the speakers ( which sound pretty good for a notebook ) .	speakers	neutral
All of that time , I used the small 4x5 " tablet as it coexisted nicely on my desk with my keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I travel out of state at least once a month and love all the entertainment options the iPad 2 has and am already missing those apps for my Transformer .	entertainment	neutral
The delivery from Amazon was very quick and the product was packaged with care .	delivery	neutral
I do n't need the almost 10 ' of cable at the moment , so it is coiled up behind the monitor .	monitor	neutral
Purchased this as a replacement battery for one that stopped taking a charge .	battery	neutral
Purchased this as a replacement battery for one that stopped taking a charge .	charge	neutral
Touch pad .	Touch pad	neutral
To review the Kirabook , you are best off starting without knowing the price , because once you see it , you 'll question everything about this machine .	price	neutral
For instance , if you are viewing a black image , movie , web page , etc . , and then switch to something white , the screen will dim a little bit .	screen	neutral
Instead it 's built of some softer and less sturdier nylon , which is ok .	nylon	neutral
Once the " kill pad " was unplugged from my laptop , the computer returned to life , with the help of a complete restore cycle .	kill pad	neutral
The mouse can be comfortably palmed in my large hand , yet it is small enough to fit nicely into a pouch on my backpack .	mouse	neutral
; HP Envy , and it keeps my notebook well ventilated and in perfect stance for typing on the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Battery would not charge at all .	Battery	neutral
Was tired of dealing with the smaller diskFound this cheap thought I 'd give it a tryVery happy with the product	diskFound	neutral
Surprisingly good sound .	sound	neutral
Furthermore , the AC power brick needs the proper AC plug adapter attached to it .	AC power brick	neutral
Furthermore , the AC power brick needs the proper AC plug adapter attached to it .	AC plug adapter	neutral
Anyway , do n't base your decision on the ToC feature either way .	ToC feature	neutral
The battery life is about 2 hours and 20 minutes set at " balanced .	battery life	neutral
This works great as a wireless mouse .	wireless mouse	neutral
I did a ton of research and considered several other laptops around and above the price of this one .	price	neutral
You will not be disappointed with the video quality .	video quality	neutral
it 's really a plug - in and forget it adapter at a great price .	adapter	neutral
it 's really a plug - in and forget it adapter at a great price .	price	neutral
the price is right .	price	neutral
There 's also another larger pocket on the front that has a key ring for your keys , and has plenty of room to hold your pens / pencils , business cards , and smart phone .	key ring	neutral
Texts are crisp , screen has brightness adjustments and it is BRIGHT !	Texts	neutral
Texts are crisp , screen has brightness adjustments and it is BRIGHT !	screen	neutral
Texts are crisp , screen has brightness adjustments and it is BRIGHT !	brightness	neutral
I use my Kindle charger to recharge this battery .	battery	neutral
N810 is slow and it is not as easy to use it 's browser as it is advertised .	use	neutral
N810 is slow and it is not as easy to use it 's browser as it is advertised .	browser	neutral
The weight is good , as is the feel of the keys .	weight	neutral
The weight is good , as is the feel of the keys .	keys	neutral
i will conduct an experiment whether it really does increase the speed of the charge or it is just another high quality product .	speed	neutral
i will conduct an experiment whether it really does increase the speed of the charge or it is just another high quality product .	charge	neutral
The three prong connector was a perfect and snug fit for the Dell Insprion 1100 and the materials were of excellent quality , not the cheap made in China stuff .	three prong connector	neutral
The three prong connector was a perfect and snug fit for the Dell Insprion 1100 and the materials were of excellent quality , not the cheap made in China stuff .	materials	neutral
I found the rotating plug surprisingly handy in some of the hotels we stayed in , with their strangely placed outlets .	rotating plug	neutral
A good battery in great packaging .	battery	neutral
A good battery in great packaging .	packaging	neutral
The instructions program is very poor , incomplete , and sketchy .	instructions program	neutral
This a great mouse .	mouse	neutral
The fan grill is made of aluminum , while the handles are plastic .	fan grill	neutral
The fan grill is made of aluminum , while the handles are plastic .	handles	neutral
I also like the fact that when this cord has finished charging , it turns itself off and cools down .	cord	neutral
I also like the fact that when this cord has finished charging , it turns itself off and cools down .	charging	neutral
If you 're an android user and use Google + , drive etc then you 'll love this item .	Google +	neutral
I can not get my steadycam in there , and will have to find a way to strap it to the back .	steadycam	neutral
I think being able to do so could make up for some speed issues elsewhere .	speed	neutral
there is no question : these displays are bright !	displays	neutral
I originally bought this keyboard / stand for my Kindle Fire , but unfortunaltely I did not read the entire page on this item , as it does not work for the Kindle .	keyboard / stand	neutral
Turn the display and computer to NEVER sleep and the fans to max speed ( I have software that does that - look for SMC Fan Control ) .	display	neutral
Turn the display and computer to NEVER sleep and the fans to max speed ( I have software that does that - look for SMC Fan Control ) .	fans	neutral
Turn the display and computer to NEVER sleep and the fans to max speed ( I have software that does that - look for SMC Fan Control ) .	speed	neutral
Turn the display and computer to NEVER sleep and the fans to max speed ( I have software that does that - look for SMC Fan Control ) .	software	neutral
Turn the display and computer to NEVER sleep and the fans to max speed ( I have software that does that - look for SMC Fan Control ) .	SMC Fan Control	neutral
We had it freeze up on more than one occasion when trying to play simple games on PBS kids .	games	neutral
but if you plan to use the clips to remove the filter a lot , you might notice the difference .	clips	neutral
but if you plan to use the clips to remove the filter a lot , you might notice the difference .	filter	neutral
No instructions came with the recommended 2 G upgrade , but if you just spread the white chip holders apart at the far ends , the card will pop up .	2 G upgrade	neutral
No instructions came with the recommended 2 G upgrade , but if you just spread the white chip holders apart at the far ends , the card will pop up .	chip holders	neutral
No instructions came with the recommended 2 G upgrade , but if you just spread the white chip holders apart at the far ends , the card will pop up .	card	neutral
This surely does not replace a laptop bag , messenger bag , etc because if it 's lack of functionality and limited carry modes .	functionality	neutral
This surely does not replace a laptop bag , messenger bag , etc because if it 's lack of functionality and limited carry modes .	carry modes	neutral
However the battery works well . :-)	battery	neutral
It even supports audio pass - thru .	audio pass - thru	neutral
No faith in these things for long - term storage .	storage	neutral
New USB 28	USB 28	neutral
The only thing I do not like about this mouse is the placement of the receiver for storage it is on the bottom side .	mouse	neutral
The only thing I do not like about this mouse is the placement of the receiver for storage it is on the bottom side .	receiver	neutral
I am on my 3rd recharge / discharge cycle as part of the training of the battery so I will update later if problems arise .	recharge / discharge	neutral
I am on my 3rd recharge / discharge cycle as part of the training of the battery so I will update later if problems arise .	battery	neutral
and I found that the audio volume is n't as loud as i 'd like .	audio volume	neutral
Overall I do find it to be an amazing experience under OS X	OS X	neutral
It works great .	works	neutral
The key first step is to spend an hour trying on all of the different earbuds that are included with the earphones .	earbuds	neutral
The key first step is to spend an hour trying on all of the different earbuds that are included with the earphones .	earphones	neutral
The teeth of the plug stick out when packing it up , it would be nice if they retracted ?	plug	neutral
great response	response	neutral
OTHER STUFFA huge advantage over the MacBook Pro is the upgradeability of the x220 .	upgradeability	neutral
I changed the settings per their recommendations and now the battery works fine .	battery	neutral
The Velcro on one side exposes the " hook " part , and because there is no way to cover it , it can snag clothing .	Velcro	neutral
The Velcro on one side exposes the " hook " part , and because there is no way to cover it , it can snag clothing .	hook	neutral
This case also adds a lot of thickness and weight to your Mac .	thickness	neutral
This case also adds a lot of thickness and weight to your Mac .	weight	neutral
" Small Form Factor " PC and bent the metal piece where it needed to be cut ...	metal	neutral
This also makes the task bar easier to interact with via touch , especially when using the " fingers behind the display , thumb in front " technique .	task bar	neutral
This also makes the task bar easier to interact with via touch , especially when using the " fingers behind the display , thumb in front " technique .	display	neutral
I have confidence that it will extend the life of the T61 by another 1/2 year until when SandyBridge i5/i7 becomes mainstream .	SandyBridge i5/i7	neutral
Keyboard too small for male hands-	Keyboard	neutral
just as well as I normally can -- as if the skin is n't even there .	skin	neutral
I should note that I use Sling on a Mac without Sling 's Mac software ( it 's in Beta at this time and not out to the general public ) .	Sling 's Mac software	neutral
Do n't try putting a camera in it with a battery grip attached though - the bag 's not deep enough at the " top " end it wo n't zipper shut .	battery grip	neutral
If you 're looking for a small , easy to carry and use laptop to supplement your home system while you 're on the go , BUY THIS ONE ! ! !	carry	neutral
If you 're looking for a small , easy to carry and use laptop to supplement your home system while you 're on the go , BUY THIS ONE ! ! !	use	neutral
The new battery works just fine and the fit is perfect .	battery	neutral
The low end is the most disappointing , with only modest capabilities in the bass .	bass	neutral
The cable often did n't fit in many cases that I had for my phones .	cable	neutral
I really do like having the keyboard and the docking station	keyboard	neutral
I really do like having the keyboard and the docking station	docking station	neutral
These pockets can be used to carry small items like a small AC adapter , USB cords , small wireless laptop mouse , iPod , etc .	AC adapter	neutral
These pockets can be used to carry small items like a small AC adapter , USB cords , small wireless laptop mouse , iPod , etc .	USB cords	neutral
I know that I have warranty , but to send a laptop somewhere is not a good idea for me ...	warranty	neutral
The first relates to the battery indicator on my phone ( thing that tells you how much battery you have left ) .	battery indicator	neutral
The first relates to the battery indicator on my phone ( thing that tells you how much battery you have left ) .	battery	neutral
The setup ( largly due to the senseless documentation ) was not much worse than the WPS54GU2 .	setup	neutral
The setup ( largly due to the senseless documentation ) was not much worse than the WPS54GU2 .	documentation	neutral
The setup ( largly due to the senseless documentation ) was not much worse than the WPS54GU2 .	WPS54GU2	neutral
The Goods:1 . plug and play with windows 72 . easy to connect3 .	windows 72	neutral
The Goods:1 . plug and play with windows 72 . easy to connect3 .	connect3	neutral
Sure , the key board is a bit cramped , but it 's a NETBOOK !	key board	neutral
it seems to more work software based than hardware based .	software	neutral
it seems to more work software based than hardware based .	hardware	neutral
Extra stylus included .	stylus	neutral
I can hook my iPod to this port , and enjoy the music .	port	neutral
My PC monitors do n't have audio support	audio support	neutral
I was initially concerned with the lower resolution but on this size of screen it works well and my wife actually prefers it over the HD resolution of my Dell as it makes text easier to read .	screen	neutral
I was initially concerned with the lower resolution but on this size of screen it works well and my wife actually prefers it over the HD resolution of my Dell as it makes text easier to read .	HD resolution	neutral
Inside the shell , this case measures 12 . 5 " x 10 " .	shell	neutral
If it is moved at all while attached , it loses connection and makes the sound when you unplug the charger .	charger	neutral
I also found the padding somewhat lacking on the back of the bag .	padding	neutral
The cable is a little bit thicker and stiffer than other cables I have owned .	cable	neutral
I bought this because I have kids and wanted to protect my hard drive from them .	hard drive	neutral
You can comfortably place the laptop on your lap when doing less intensive work ( net surfing , word etc ) .	net surfing	neutral
You can comfortably place the laptop on your lap when doing less intensive work ( net surfing , word etc ) .	word	neutral
I 'm no expert , but this is the fastest booting computer I have personally ever seen .	booting	neutral
I bought it to use with my Lenovo x61 - -a small cooling pad for a small laptop -- and the size is right	cooling pad	neutral
I bought it to use with my Lenovo x61 - -a small cooling pad for a small laptop -- and the size is right	size	neutral
its pretty much standard quality	quality	neutral
I for instance used this to connect my video card DVI to a new monitor that excepted HDMI only .	video card DVI	neutral
I for instance used this to connect my video card DVI to a new monitor that excepted HDMI only .	HDMI	neutral
the only thing is the cord is about 2 feet shorter	cord	neutral
My phone ( iphone 4 ) was great for hands free speaker phone use if I used a cable to connect the headphone jack to the car stereo and relied on the iphone mic for speaking --- but it DOES NOT work with this bluetooth device .	speaker	neutral
My phone ( iphone 4 ) was great for hands free speaker phone use if I used a cable to connect the headphone jack to the car stereo and relied on the iphone mic for speaking --- but it DOES NOT work with this bluetooth device .	headphone jack	neutral
The shoulder strap has adjustable length and wide enough to be comfortable on the shoulders without the need of a padding .	shoulder strap	neutral
With Dell it is difficult to get batteries that work the first time and last for an acceptable time .	batteries	neutral
You have to turn off touch to tap because it is too sensitive and	touch	neutral
You have to turn off touch to tap because it is too sensitive and	tap	neutral
Works fine , easy to configure , you only need yo connecto to usb port , and windows 7install the drivers autom'aticaly , recognize audio and LAN ports , then you can connect your devices to de dock ( speakers , LAN cable , keyboard , mouse etc ) and are you ready to use it .	configure	neutral
Works fine , easy to configure , you only need yo connecto to usb port , and windows 7install the drivers autom'aticaly , recognize audio and LAN ports , then you can connect your devices to de dock ( speakers , LAN cable , keyboard , mouse etc ) and are you ready to use it .	usb port	neutral
Works fine , easy to configure , you only need yo connecto to usb port , and windows 7install the drivers autom'aticaly , recognize audio and LAN ports , then you can connect your devices to de dock ( speakers , LAN cable , keyboard , mouse etc ) and are you ready to use it .	windows 7install	neutral
Works fine , easy to configure , you only need yo connecto to usb port , and windows 7install the drivers autom'aticaly , recognize audio and LAN ports , then you can connect your devices to de dock ( speakers , LAN cable , keyboard , mouse etc ) and are you ready to use it .	drivers	neutral
Works fine , easy to configure , you only need yo connecto to usb port , and windows 7install the drivers autom'aticaly , recognize audio and LAN ports , then you can connect your devices to de dock ( speakers , LAN cable , keyboard , mouse etc ) and are you ready to use it .	audio	neutral
Works fine , easy to configure , you only need yo connecto to usb port , and windows 7install the drivers autom'aticaly , recognize audio and LAN ports , then you can connect your devices to de dock ( speakers , LAN cable , keyboard , mouse etc ) and are you ready to use it .	LAN ports	neutral
Works fine , easy to configure , you only need yo connecto to usb port , and windows 7install the drivers autom'aticaly , recognize audio and LAN ports , then you can connect your devices to de dock ( speakers , LAN cable , keyboard , mouse etc ) and are you ready to use it .	speakers	neutral
Works fine , easy to configure , you only need yo connecto to usb port , and windows 7install the drivers autom'aticaly , recognize audio and LAN ports , then you can connect your devices to de dock ( speakers , LAN cable , keyboard , mouse etc ) and are you ready to use it .	LAN cable	neutral
Works fine , easy to configure , you only need yo connecto to usb port , and windows 7install the drivers autom'aticaly , recognize audio and LAN ports , then you can connect your devices to de dock ( speakers , LAN cable , keyboard , mouse etc ) and are you ready to use it .	keyboard	neutral
Works fine , easy to configure , you only need yo connecto to usb port , and windows 7install the drivers autom'aticaly , recognize audio and LAN ports , then you can connect your devices to de dock ( speakers , LAN cable , keyboard , mouse etc ) and are you ready to use it .	mouse	neutral
The memory timing was slightly different than other memory I purchased for my 17	memory timing	neutral
The memory timing was slightly different than other memory I purchased for my 17	memory	neutral
I highly recommend it to anyone who needs this specific charger .	charger	neutral
It fits pretty snugly so I would n't recommend a bigger laptop size for this bag .	size	neutral
I tried formatting two different drives : an HDD and an SSD .	drives	neutral
I tried formatting two different drives : an HDD and an SSD .	HDD	neutral
I tried formatting two different drives : an HDD and an SSD .	SSD	neutral
I would not try to run a USB hard drive through this hub .	USB hard drive	neutral
Screen Protector : ?	Screen Protector	neutral
You have to keep the case open to charge .	charge	neutral
Better than cheaper or smaller speakers	speakers	neutral
Manufacturer , please put 10 more cents into these things and fix the suction issues .	suction	neutral
Meanwhile , this skin stays flat and in place , at pretty much any angle , and when the laptop is closed and reopened , even though my screen is glossy .	skin	neutral
Meanwhile , this skin stays flat and in place , at pretty much any angle , and when the laptop is closed and reopened , even though my screen is glossy .	screen	neutral
My best suggestion is to just fold the cover under it and use it that way .	cover	neutral
Programs without retina support look terrible .	Programs	neutral
Programs without retina support look terrible .	retina support	neutral
I 've got a 15 " Macbook Pro , and its built - in speakers sound fine , but are n't very loud .	built - in speakers	neutral
If you live in the apps world , then you should have no problem with this operating system .	operating system	neutral
It does work with my iPhone 3 G , including the charging.- Improved sound quality.- Battery powered ( optional )	charging.-	neutral
It does work with my iPhone 3 G , including the charging.- Improved sound quality.- Battery powered ( optional )	sound quality.-	neutral
It does work with my iPhone 3 G , including the charging.- Improved sound quality.- Battery powered ( optional )	Battery powered	neutral
The screen is properly bright and the speakers do a wonderful job for the size that they are .	screen	neutral
The screen is properly bright and the speakers do a wonderful job for the size that they are .	speakers	neutral
The screen is properly bright and the speakers do a wonderful job for the size that they are .	size	neutral
The first one the keyboard did n't work from the start .	keyboard	neutral
For what it 's worth , this 2 . 1 system sounds better than most other 2 . 1 systems I 've owned .	2 . 1	neutral
For what it 's worth , this 2 . 1 system sounds better than most other 2 . 1 systems I 've owned .	2 . 1	neutral
I think the display is VERY good and much improved over my last macbook ... much brighter .	display	neutral
And finally when you upgrade laptops , you can take your battery with you to the new one and not be stuck looking for their oddball battery again .	battery	neutral
And finally when you upgrade laptops , you can take your battery with you to the new one and not be stuck looking for their oddball battery again .	battery	neutral
Looks like the original and works just like it too .	works	neutral
Shipping was fas and the price reasonable .	Shipping	neutral
Shipping was fas and the price reasonable .	price	neutral
I had purchased a different brand , and found it slowed down my computer immensely , even though I had not installed the proprietary software that came with that drive .	proprietary software	neutral
I had purchased a different brand , and found it slowed down my computer immensely , even though I had not installed the proprietary software that came with that drive .	drive	neutral
With the huge 500 G Hard drive , PLENTY of room for pictures , videos and downloads ( movies , games .. etc . )	500 G Hard drive	neutral
Just remember to check to see if your device supports OTG .	OTG	neutral
I will note here that the on - board graphics are great for a laptop , but when I plugged in the HDMI to the big screen , I was blown away with the improvement .	on - board graphics	neutral
I will note here that the on - board graphics are great for a laptop , but when I plugged in the HDMI to the big screen , I was blown away with the improvement .	HDMI	neutral
I will note here that the on - board graphics are great for a laptop , but when I plugged in the HDMI to the big screen , I was blown away with the improvement .	screen	neutral
It ' silver / white color , which I love it , and	color	neutral
I really love my replacement battery .	battery	neutral
It was very easy to assemble and configure .	assemble	neutral
It was very easy to assemble and configure .	configure	neutral
They put rubberized feet on the battery to prevent slipping on a slick desk which is a great addition .	battery	neutral
I always buy these flash drives mainly because they are bulletproof reliable .	flash drives	neutral
I have 3 emachine D620 and all 3 of the original batteries have failed will not hold a charge .	batteries	neutral
I have 3 emachine D620 and all 3 of the original batteries have failed will not hold a charge .	charge	neutral
If you have large hands , it 's still a good mouse , but be prepared to take breaks , or adopt a different grip , or otherwise do something to accommodate the slim profile of this device .	mouse	neutral
It has a blackish coating over the metal .	coating	neutral
It has a blackish coating over the metal .	metal	neutral
This device has a short cable , but that 's a plus to me as it makes it pack smaller .	cable	neutral
It is also worth mentioning that my spacebar squeaks .	spacebar	neutral
But if you want a constant long term connection , forget it .	connection	neutral
Bluetooth pairing works great - just follow the included directions .	Bluetooth pairing	neutral
I do n't want dirty finger prints all over my screen .	screen	neutral
I bought this from an offline retailer for a similar price .	price	neutral
The fit is a little tight for the 16 " laptops , I think this may be due to the size of the zipper .	size	neutral
The fit is a little tight for the 16 " laptops , I think this may be due to the size of the zipper .	zipper	neutral
The adhesive pads on the feet came off after about two months and the feet in the back , which flip out to raise it up and give the computer some ventilation and cooling cracked and broke off after a year .	adhesive pads	neutral
The adhesive pads on the feet came off after about two months and the feet in the back , which flip out to raise it up and give the computer some ventilation and cooling cracked and broke off after a year .	feet	neutral
The adhesive pads on the feet came off after about two months and the feet in the back , which flip out to raise it up and give the computer some ventilation and cooling cracked and broke off after a year .	feet	neutral
The adhesive pads on the feet came off after about two months and the feet in the back , which flip out to raise it up and give the computer some ventilation and cooling cracked and broke off after a year .	cooling	neutral
One option is to spend $ 50 for a USB DVD drive , which , I am not willing to pay .	USB DVD drive	neutral
I will try ext4 when it is more stable , as it is even faster .	ext4	neutral
The hinge for the Macbook Air must be perfectly calibrated , as the little weight that this case adds causes the screen to fall backwards or fall shut more easily than usual .	hinge	neutral
The hinge for the Macbook Air must be perfectly calibrated , as the little weight that this case adds causes the screen to fall backwards or fall shut more easily than usual .	screen	neutral
I initially wanted to use it to print picture of faces , and then draw from it , but the size is just too small , so I do n't use it as often .	size	neutral
Difficult to close .	close	neutral
I tried playing around with my computer sound settings , but it did n't help too much , You get what you pay for ...	sound settings	neutral
Directions were found online for the install , not to hard , just a couple of things to watch out for and not touch the wheel itself .	wheel	neutral
This is ideal for me , though I could enjoy a 12 inch screen .	12 inch screen	neutral
I installed the 8 GB , and it was obvious as I started my machine that it was performing better .	8 GB	neutral
I installed the 8 GB , and it was obvious as I started my machine that it was performing better .	performing	neutral
good unit , plenty of cables and types of them .	cables	neutral
The camera is adequate for video conferencing , but nothing special .	camera	neutral
Just be aware that changing hard disks is not so easy on this one .	hard disks	neutral
There is clearly something wrong with the power consumption or charger on this unit .	power consumption	neutral
The ' main ' pocket ( for textbooks etc ) is also kinda hard to get into simply because there 's a flap that folds over the zipper that 's extremely stiff .	flap	neutral
The ' main ' pocket ( for textbooks etc ) is also kinda hard to get into simply because there 's a flap that folds over the zipper that 's extremely stiff .	zipper	neutral
For other IEMs and headphone , perhaps this will be a better product .	headphone	neutral
The multitouch is n't great either ( thought it had zoom in and zoom out ...	multitouch	neutral
The multitouch is n't great either ( thought it had zoom in and zoom out ...	zoom	neutral
The multitouch is n't great either ( thought it had zoom in and zoom out ...	zoom	neutral
I got 11 . 5 hours on first full day of usage and still had 10 % battery left when I shut down .	battery	neutral
Needed a battery after original died this was by far the best deal seems to be ok for now only time will tell if it was a good investment .	battery	neutral
So , if you ever decide to buy it , I would highly recommend buying an accidental damage protection , which adds $ 300-$500 to the price depending on where you buy it .	accidental damage protection	neutral
So , if you ever decide to buy it , I would highly recommend buying an accidental damage protection , which adds $ 300-$500 to the price depending on where you buy it .	price	neutral
, it 's got a decent 3d graphics card , it 's got USB	3d graphics card	neutral
, it 's got a decent 3d graphics card , it 's got USB	USB	neutral
This time I went looking for a 3 prong replacement and purchased this .	3 prong	neutral
and I expect quality , and I did not get quality , thus my 3 star rating .	quality	neutral
and I expect quality , and I did not get quality , thus my 3 star rating .	quality	neutral
It 's simple to plug in , and is flexible so you can put it right where you want it .	plug	neutral
It offers more protection than the pictures suggest , with 90%+ leather covering all four sides , even when the case is open , very nice .	protection	neutral
It offers more protection than the pictures suggest , with 90%+ leather covering all four sides , even when the case is open , very nice .	leather	neutral
The weight and stiffness of that end meant that the single skinny end was always being bent back and forth during ordinary use .	weight	neutral
No bluetooth or wireless N , but these were not important to me .	bluetooth	neutral
No bluetooth or wireless N , but these were not important to me .	wireless N	neutral
Windows XP Pro works great on this machine and is snappy even with a 1 . 2 ghz processor and 1 G RAM .	Windows XP Pro	neutral
Windows XP Pro works great on this machine and is snappy even with a 1 . 2 ghz processor and 1 G RAM .	processor	neutral
I know this is not my laptop power port because I already checked the connectors for cracks and failures in the solder .	power port	neutral
I know this is not my laptop power port because I already checked the connectors for cracks and failures in the solder .	connectors	neutral
I know this is not my laptop power port because I already checked the connectors for cracks and failures in the solder .	solder	neutral
screen indoors : bright indoors , most of the time I have the brightness set to 38 % .	screen	neutral
screen indoors : bright indoors , most of the time I have the brightness set to 38 % .	brightness	neutral
I had been looking for a Bluetooth speaker that was small enough I could toss it in my back - pack but strong enough that I could easily hear it in my car while driving down the highway .	Bluetooth speaker	neutral
I bought this for my laptop to not only keep the keys clean but also because I love how it feels .	keys	neutral
Again , the heat is not an unusual issue for a compact charger .	charger	neutral
Despite this , it feels solid and has good build quality .	build quality	neutral
This is going to be a welcome addition to my travel suitcase - it will charge any of my computers , and even with all the plugs takes up less space than just one of my dedicated chargers .	plugs	neutral
the m1710 starts first and is ready to go while the hp has a considerably longer start up time .	start up time	neutral
Probably a bad driver , however I could not fix it .	driver	neutral
The idea of these speakers in design are great .	speakers	neutral
The idea of these speakers in design are great .	design	neutral
I tried several fixes like updating the driver , uninstalling the Intel driver and then letting Windows install its own driver .	driver	neutral
I tried several fixes like updating the driver , uninstalling the Intel driver and then letting Windows install its own driver .	Intel driver	neutral
I tried several fixes like updating the driver , uninstalling the Intel driver and then letting Windows install its own driver .	Windows	neutral
I tried several fixes like updating the driver , uninstalling the Intel driver and then letting Windows install its own driver .	driver	neutral
Transcend claims to have a " Lifetime Warranty " on their products , so I completed an RMA and sent off the card .	Transcend	neutral
It is easy to add programs with an external CD / DVD player .	add programs	neutral
It is easy to add programs with an external CD / DVD player .	external CD / DVD player	neutral
Will update further when I know more.*EDIT October 6 , 2011*Called the Sony Store once again to see if I 'd really have the Vaio back for the weekend , and was told the LCD panel was still back - ordered !	LCD panel	neutral
No complaints -- sounds great , looks cool & the battery stays charged for a long time .	sounds	neutral
No complaints -- sounds great , looks cool & the battery stays charged for a long time .	battery	neutral
I put the 1 GB HP module into the Dell and I turned it on not hoping for anything .	1 GB HP module	neutral
As for tech support : their website gives you phone numbers to headquarters based in Taiwan or China .	tech support	neutral
For the price of ~$30 this backpack is a steal for anyone who wants to carry everyday essentials without excessive bulk .	price	neutral
It has storage for the power supply and other accessories as well .	power supply	neutral
It felt like the keyboard was n't solidly mounted on anything .	keyboard	neutral
Volume is adjusted via the volume control on your iPod or MP3 player .	Volume	neutral
Volume is adjusted via the volume control on your iPod or MP3 player .	volume control	neutral
This was my first USB hub I have owned .	USB hub	neutral
These bluetooth adapters are amazing and easy to install !	bluetooth adapters	neutral
Since the Nex7 is a smaller interchangeable lens camera , it was swimming in the Kata35 Pro Light backpack .	interchangeable lens camera	neutral
Paired with the Radeon video card and 3060 MB graphic memory , the HP Pavilion dv6 will support Photoshop , CorelDRAW , AfterShot Pro , and your other favorite creative software programs .	Radeon video card	neutral
Paired with the Radeon video card and 3060 MB graphic memory , the HP Pavilion dv6 will support Photoshop , CorelDRAW , AfterShot Pro , and your other favorite creative software programs .	Photoshop	neutral
Paired with the Radeon video card and 3060 MB graphic memory , the HP Pavilion dv6 will support Photoshop , CorelDRAW , AfterShot Pro , and your other favorite creative software programs .	CorelDRAW	neutral
Paired with the Radeon video card and 3060 MB graphic memory , the HP Pavilion dv6 will support Photoshop , CorelDRAW , AfterShot Pro , and your other favorite creative software programs .	AfterShot Pro	neutral
Paired with the Radeon video card and 3060 MB graphic memory , the HP Pavilion dv6 will support Photoshop , CorelDRAW , AfterShot Pro , and your other favorite creative software programs .	creative software programs	neutral
You can only tilt the screen , it is at a fixed height .	screen	neutral
Software required was already on Windows 7 , intuitive and easy to use .	Software	neutral
Software required was already on Windows 7 , intuitive and easy to use .	Windows 7	neutral
Software required was already on Windows 7 , intuitive and easy to use .	use	neutral
i assume that this is in part because of windows 7	windows 7	neutral
the second set of 6 cells protrudes from the laptop bottom quite a bit , and it is noticeably heavier .	bottom	neutral
Nice adapter works fine with my dLink 4500 router , gives good speed with good range .	speed	neutral
Nice adapter works fine with my dLink 4500 router , gives good speed with good range .	range	neutral
The look and feel is very boxy , so it 's not the prettiest out there , but I thought I 'd give it a try .	look	neutral
The look and feel is very boxy , so it 's not the prettiest out there , but I thought I 'd give it a try .	feel	neutral
But the Start Menu has been revamped to turn into a Metro tile - based interface that begs to be used as a touchscreen .	Start Menu	neutral
But the Start Menu has been revamped to turn into a Metro tile - based interface that begs to be used as a touchscreen .	Metro tile	neutral
But the Start Menu has been revamped to turn into a Metro tile - based interface that begs to be used as a touchscreen .	touchscreen	neutral
Either I got a bad unit or the other reviewers have not heard a great sounding tube amp .	tube amp	neutral
I put both modules in directly and removed both of the original 2 GB modules .	modules	neutral
I put both modules in directly and removed both of the original 2 GB modules .	2 GB modules	neutral
Going with the 6 cell unit literally doubled the battery life of my netbook , and props up the little computer so that it is more comfortable to type on - which I do alot of .	6 cell unit	neutral
Going with the 6 cell unit literally doubled the battery life of my netbook , and props up the little computer so that it is more comfortable to type on - which I do alot of .	battery life	neutral
Good signal strength and range with this bluetooth adapter and the battery allows me to listen to about 5 hours of radio on a single charge .	signal strength	neutral
Good signal strength and range with this bluetooth adapter and the battery allows me to listen to about 5 hours of radio on a single charge .	range	neutral
Good signal strength and range with this bluetooth adapter and the battery allows me to listen to about 5 hours of radio on a single charge .	bluetooth adapter	neutral
Good signal strength and range with this bluetooth adapter and the battery allows me to listen to about 5 hours of radio on a single charge .	battery	neutral
Good signal strength and range with this bluetooth adapter and the battery allows me to listen to about 5 hours of radio on a single charge .	charge	neutral
Good low light sensitivity .	low light sensitivity	neutral
There is space left over for another hard drive , but it seems like it might move around too much without any additional Velcro spacers .	hard drive	neutral
Only negative I have is that there is a tiny bit of transformer hum , and I would like to hear if anyone else is having this problem .	transformer hum	neutral
Pros:-Bought a usb to A / C adapter for $ 3 so it does not need a computer or battery to power it.-Shuffle	usb to A / C adapter	neutral
The Logitech Wireless USB Speaker Z515 is a very well designed device .	designed	neutral
It 's light weight allowed me to easily carry it from class to class , its included photo and video editing software gave me hours of productivity , and perhaps best of all , it was reliable !	photo and video editing software	neutral
Battery life	Battery life	neutral
1 messes up the recovery process	recovery process	neutral
" MacBook Pro . Mine fit right in even with its MacAlly leatherette shell , which makes it a little thicker .	leatherette shell	neutral
I purchased this battery as a replacement for the old battery in a friend 's computer .	battery	neutral
I purchased this battery as a replacement for the old battery in a friend 's computer .	battery	neutral
I suspect a wiring issue in the black center piece that is in the center lost a connection for the microphone .	wiring	neutral
I suspect a wiring issue in the black center piece that is in the center lost a connection for the microphone .	microphone	neutral
" L x 4 " D ( unloaded ) , this is a larger size backpack , so it would proportionally fit most medium to large men well , but it might look large on smaller people or females .	size	neutral
The extra plastic that seems to be sticking out of the side is intended for balance and the battery that was sent to me was designed differently .	battery	neutral
I needed a basic system that I could take with me on the job and transfer video from an SCHC card to a hard drive .	system	neutral
I needed a basic system that I could take with me on the job and transfer video from an SCHC card to a hard drive .	SCHC card	neutral
I needed a basic system that I could take with me on the job and transfer video from an SCHC card to a hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
It is nice not having to pay for annual McAfee or Norton renewals or the next version of MS Office .	McAfee	neutral
It is nice not having to pay for annual McAfee or Norton renewals or the next version of MS Office .	Norton renewals	neutral
It is nice not having to pay for annual McAfee or Norton renewals or the next version of MS Office .	MS Office	neutral
I deal with quite a few windows files being deleted by kids getting in to the explore window on windows computer systems .	windows	neutral
I was debating if I need to get a 6 in one ( with Cellular ) , but this suits my requirements , since my primary connectivity needs are in fixed locations like hotels and over Wi - Fi .	connectivity	neutral
( mini Hdmi the screen is working )	screen	neutral
I bought about 30 of the AA and AAA batteries and have used them for over two years for everything in the house : a wireless mouse and keyboard , TV remote controls , WII remotes , WII Fit balance board ,	AA	neutral
I bought about 30 of the AA and AAA batteries and have used them for over two years for everything in the house : a wireless mouse and keyboard , TV remote controls , WII remotes , WII Fit balance board ,	AAA batteries	neutral
I bought about 30 of the AA and AAA batteries and have used them for over two years for everything in the house : a wireless mouse and keyboard , TV remote controls , WII remotes , WII Fit balance board ,	wireless mouse	neutral
I bought about 30 of the AA and AAA batteries and have used them for over two years for everything in the house : a wireless mouse and keyboard , TV remote controls , WII remotes , WII Fit balance board ,	keyboard	neutral
I bought about 30 of the AA and AAA batteries and have used them for over two years for everything in the house : a wireless mouse and keyboard , TV remote controls , WII remotes , WII Fit balance board ,	WII Fit balance board	neutral
Also the case is simple and does n't scream " I 'm carrying a valuable iPad in here " .	case	neutral
wo nt register to finger swipe and other gestures properly .	gestures	neutral
I highly recommend this product as a permanent solution to boost the memory capacity of your Samsung Chromebook .	memory capacity	neutral
The true magic is that the dock contains a secondary battery that gives you another 3 - 4 hours of battery life that back - fills the tablet ; it has a full - size USB port , and a full - size SD card slot .	dock	neutral
The true magic is that the dock contains a secondary battery that gives you another 3 - 4 hours of battery life that back - fills the tablet ; it has a full - size USB port , and a full - size SD card slot .	battery	neutral
The true magic is that the dock contains a secondary battery that gives you another 3 - 4 hours of battery life that back - fills the tablet ; it has a full - size USB port , and a full - size SD card slot .	battery life	neutral
The true magic is that the dock contains a secondary battery that gives you another 3 - 4 hours of battery life that back - fills the tablet ; it has a full - size USB port , and a full - size SD card slot .	USB port	neutral
The true magic is that the dock contains a secondary battery that gives you another 3 - 4 hours of battery life that back - fills the tablet ; it has a full - size USB port , and a full - size SD card slot .	SD card slot	neutral
and it shows no bad after memory test .	memory	neutral
Then using any free file explorer program ( available from android market ) you just select the file and install on your Galaxy Tab ( from your Tab).Here	file explorer program	neutral
I like Asus and MSI motherboards , have been building PCs with both for years .	motherboards	neutral
works as expected , keeps the mac from slowing down ( it was unbearably slow with the stock 4 gigs ) .	4 gigs	neutral
it this psu powers it up just fine !	psu	neutral
A second drive in my MacBook Pro .	drive	neutral
They would n't have enough output to produce a good sound in a huge room , but we sometimes take them in the kitchen to play music from our phones , iPods , iPads , or even my youngest daughter 's Nook .	output	neutral
They would n't have enough output to produce a good sound in a huge room , but we sometimes take them in the kitchen to play music from our phones , iPods , iPads , or even my youngest daughter 's Nook .	sound	neutral
It barley touches my Intel duo - core 2 . 10 GHz processor or RAM at all ...	Intel duo - core 2	neutral
It barley touches my Intel duo - core 2 . 10 GHz processor or RAM at all ...	processor	neutral
It barley touches my Intel duo - core 2 . 10 GHz processor or RAM at all ...	RAM	neutral
I definitely would recommend it if you had a tablet that easily connected with the keyboard 's USB cable at the bottom or side of your tablet .	keyboard 's USB cable	neutral
Great quality cable .	cable	neutral
Great for surfing the net .	surfing the	neutral
I use this 3d monitor alongside my 27 " non-3d monitor but it holds its own on the display and the 2d - to-3d easy button is still my favorite thing about it .	3d monitor	neutral
I use this 3d monitor alongside my 27 " non-3d monitor but it holds its own on the display and the 2d - to-3d easy button is still my favorite thing about it .	display	neutral
I use this 3d monitor alongside my 27 " non-3d monitor but it holds its own on the display and the 2d - to-3d easy button is still my favorite thing about it .	2d - to-3d easy button	neutral
To recharge , the MX Revolution must be set on a docking station , which is very large and attaches to a USB port via a cord .	docking station	neutral
To recharge , the MX Revolution must be set on a docking station , which is very large and attaches to a USB port via a cord .	USB port	neutral
I 'll keep it brief with a pros and cons with a build at the end .	build	neutral
I would have returned it but hate wasting time and just ordered the Logitec cooling pad .	Logitec cooling pad	neutral
I did use the keyboard a bit and it has worked well so far ; although I have not used all the functions so far .	keyboard	neutral
I did use the keyboard a bit and it has worked well so far ; although I have not used all the functions so far .	functions	neutral
had to replace the harness with a local tailor , it cost more than the bag iitself ! !	harness	neutral
had to replace the harness with a local tailor , it cost more than the bag iitself ! !	cost	neutral
Very easy to set up , just a cable connection , transformer and the pairing with your phone//laptop / tablet or other Bluetooth device is quick and easy .	set up	neutral
Very easy to set up , just a cable connection , transformer and the pairing with your phone//laptop / tablet or other Bluetooth device is quick and easy .	cable connection	neutral
Very easy to set up , just a cable connection , transformer and the pairing with your phone//laptop / tablet or other Bluetooth device is quick and easy .	transformer	neutral
Interesting : There is dynamite Intel S / W ( a wizard included along with a shortcut ) for supporting TWO external monitors , an HDMI ( Acer 's as well ) and a VGA ( normal ) connection .	Intel S / W	neutral
Interesting : There is dynamite Intel S / W ( a wizard included along with a shortcut ) for supporting TWO external monitors , an HDMI ( Acer 's as well ) and a VGA ( normal ) connection .	external monitors	neutral
Interesting : There is dynamite Intel S / W ( a wizard included along with a shortcut ) for supporting TWO external monitors , an HDMI ( Acer 's as well ) and a VGA ( normal ) connection .	HDMI	neutral
Interesting : There is dynamite Intel S / W ( a wizard included along with a shortcut ) for supporting TWO external monitors , an HDMI ( Acer 's as well ) and a VGA ( normal ) connection .	VGA	neutral
I recently had to move my desktop and now it 's 2 levels below where the switch / router is located .	switch /	neutral
I recently had to move my desktop and now it 's 2 levels below where the switch / router is located .	router	neutral
It 's also a little bit ' heavy ' and ' leans down ' on the inside of the USB port	USB port	neutral
Installed Linux Ubuntu Unity to see if the superior sound of the Linux system was still the case .	Linux Ubuntu Unity	neutral
Installed Linux Ubuntu Unity to see if the superior sound of the Linux system was still the case .	sound	neutral
Installed Linux Ubuntu Unity to see if the superior sound of the Linux system was still the case .	Linux system	neutral
I developed a very minor issue with this pad , where the " 1 " would n't always work .	pad	neutral
I developed a very minor issue with this pad , where the " 1 " would n't always work .	1	neutral
I love the smaller " brick . "	brick	neutral
Overall easy to set up and easy to change setup options if you DON'T use the web setup page .	set up	neutral
Overall easy to set up and easy to change setup options if you DON'T use the web setup page .	change	neutral
Overall easy to set up and easy to change setup options if you DON'T use the web setup page .	setup options	neutral
Overall easy to set up and easy to change setup options if you DON'T use the web setup page .	web setup page	neutral
I ca n't complain about the fit or the performance , but it has a drastically different shape than the one that came with my ASUS 904HA .	performance	neutral
I ca n't complain about the fit or the performance , but it has a drastically different shape than the one that came with my ASUS 904HA .	shape	neutral
I swapped the batteries and they stuck out the same amount on the same model .	batteries	neutral
The pad worked very well on both of them .	pad	neutral
Laptop Memory ( CMSX8GX3M1A1600C10 ) bought off Amazon for $ 40 - NOTE : many stats say you can only add another 4 GB	Memory	neutral
I ordered this adapter just in	adapter	neutral
One other thing that seems odd , but is not yet a problem , is that the top edge of the keyboard comes in contact with the glass face of the tablet when it 's all closed .	keyboard	neutral
One other thing that seems odd , but is not yet a problem , is that the top edge of the keyboard comes in contact with the glass face of the tablet when it 's all closed .	glass face	neutral
I purchased this with a DSLR for my wife 3 years ago and it has been under constant heavy use since then without any issues in performance .	performance	neutral
Wrapping the cord and the pouch make this very portable .	cord	neutral
Wrapping the cord and the pouch make this very portable .	pouch	neutral
All I had to do was plug it in , and win-7 took care of the rest .	win-7	neutral
It have an 18 month warranty	18 month warranty	neutral
I 'd already upped the RAM on that one as far as I could go	RAM	neutral
So one speakers must sit in front of one display , blocking it .	speakers	neutral
anyone else had the same question : When playing a 3D game full screen , does it use its own video card drivers , or does it use the 3D Nvidia or ATI drivers on the laptop ?	video card drivers	neutral
anyone else had the same question : When playing a 3D game full screen , does it use its own video card drivers , or does it use the 3D Nvidia or ATI drivers on the laptop ?	3D Nvidia or	neutral
anyone else had the same question : When playing a 3D game full screen , does it use its own video card drivers , or does it use the 3D Nvidia or ATI drivers on the laptop ?	ATI drivers	neutral
The price was verry good and it still holds a good long charge ..	price	neutral
The price was verry good and it still holds a good long charge ..	charge	neutral
Using this second card solved the problem and it has n't happened again after several days of using it .	card	neutral
Trial Software+ Battery Life	Trial Software+	neutral
Trial Software+ Battery Life	Battery Life	neutral
Unfortunately out of warranty .	warranty	neutral
I would prefer the shiny vinyl look not so shiny , but that 's about my only issue .	vinyl	neutral
has covered this issue with this product or the EasyAcc 2nd Gen Bluetooth Speakers .	EasyAcc	neutral
The solid state memory is adequate and eliminates the sometimes fragile compact hard drive .	solid state memory	neutral
The solid state memory is adequate and eliminates the sometimes fragile compact hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
If you type fast , this is a big problem b / c sometimes before you know it , cursor went and highlighted a big section	cursor	neutral
Make sure to check your laptop 's dimensions before purchasing to make sure this one will fit .	dimensions	neutral
You do have to open the laptop lid to have the system launch but after that you are done for the day .	system	neutral
That said , this is a nice case for its intended size .	case	neutral
That said , this is a nice case for its intended size .	size	neutral
Must be Haswell type power with 8 + hours of battery life5 )	battery life5	neutral
It charges the battery easily while my laptop is in use .	charges	neutral
It charges the battery easily while my laptop is in use .	battery	neutral
compared to stores in my area this battery is one tenth the price and works exactly the same , do n't waste your money anywhere else .	battery	neutral
compared to stores in my area this battery is one tenth the price and works exactly the same , do n't waste your money anywhere else .	price	neutral
Tiffen W58DIGULTCLR 58 mm Ultra Clear Glass ( protection )	58 mm	neutral
Tiffen W58DIGULTCLR 58 mm Ultra Clear Glass ( protection )	Glass	neutral
32-bit as a 2nd OS and set up a dual boot .	OS	neutral
The extension still does it 's job , but one has to play with it to ensure it 's properly seated .	extension	neutral
If you 're looking to stow your MacBook Air off to the side while working with an external monitor , this is the stand to get .	external monitor	neutral
When I first set up the KVM , the colors on my monitor went awry when using my Mac and there were lines and speckles on the monitor when on the PC .	KVM	neutral
When I first set up the KVM , the colors on my monitor went awry when using my Mac and there were lines and speckles on the monitor when on the PC .	colors	neutral
I love the skin I bought for my laptop .	skin	neutral
It took no more than 5 minutes to remove my old battery , clean out the inside of my computer , and hook up this battery .	battery	neutral
It took no more than 5 minutes to remove my old battery , clean out the inside of my computer , and hook up this battery .	battery	neutral
They 're not designed to have market leading sound quality , but rather to allow the opportunity for clear and responsive sound in speakers that can pretty much go anywhere .	sound quality	neutral
They 're not designed to have market leading sound quality , but rather to allow the opportunity for clear and responsive sound in speakers that can pretty much go anywhere .	sound	neutral
They 're not designed to have market leading sound quality , but rather to allow the opportunity for clear and responsive sound in speakers that can pretty much go anywhere .	speakers	neutral
I wish it has the feature on my old hp	feature	neutral
It also runs quite cool.- Weight :	Weight	neutral
I 'm amazed that it 's lighter than my work laptop considering my work laptop is only 10 " screen where this one has a 15 . 6 " screen .	10 " screen	neutral
I 'm amazed that it 's lighter than my work laptop considering my work laptop is only 10 " screen where this one has a 15 . 6 " screen .	15 . 6 " screen	neutral
I 'd buy this mouse again withoutreservations	mouse	neutral
When I tried to install the wireless adapter , using the supplied CD , my Symantec Endpoint Protection ( SEP ) anti - virus program reported the installation software was infected with " Spyware .	wireless adapter	neutral
When I tried to install the wireless adapter , using the supplied CD , my Symantec Endpoint Protection ( SEP ) anti - virus program reported the installation software was infected with " Spyware .	Symantec	neutral
When I tried to install the wireless adapter , using the supplied CD , my Symantec Endpoint Protection ( SEP ) anti - virus program reported the installation software was infected with " Spyware .	Endpoint Protection	neutral
When I tried to install the wireless adapter , using the supplied CD , my Symantec Endpoint Protection ( SEP ) anti - virus program reported the installation software was infected with " Spyware .	installation software	neutral
I needed a small clip - on speaker for my laptop , and the GOgroove SonaWAVE USB-	clip - on speaker	neutral
( The one that comes with the Screenclean seems pretty good.)And be sure to wash your microfiber cloth BEFORE first use very carefully with a drop of good car - washing liquid (	Screenclean	neutral
It has both SSD and HDD .	SSD	neutral
It has both SSD and HDD .	HDD	neutral
Furthermore , a bluetooth module is included , allowing you to use wireless devices , such as keyboards and mice , plus sync devices such as a mobile phone .	bluetooth module	neutral
Furthermore , a bluetooth module is included , allowing you to use wireless devices , such as keyboards and mice , plus sync devices such as a mobile phone .	keyboards	neutral
This one is going 8 months strong so far and I will definitely buy it again if something happens and she needs another power supply for the laptop .	power supply	neutral
Its that nice and looks like it cost a $ 100 instead of $ 20!!Great case , great buy !	cost	neutral
Its that nice and looks like it cost a $ 100 instead of $ 20!!Great case , great buy !	case	neutral
The dual fan is also great because if one breaks or is n't running as well as the other , you still get some cooling .	dual fan	neutral
The dual fan is also great because if one breaks or is n't running as well as the other , you still get some cooling .	cooling	neutral
For high performance mobile use , it may be necessary to buy something more expensive .	performance mobile use	neutral
Are there better sounding bluetooth speakers ?	bluetooth speakers	neutral
Win7 does not require installation of the device driver ; it is supported natively .	Win7	neutral
Win7 does not require installation of the device driver ; it is supported natively .	device driver	neutral
First one I got had a missing part in the color display .	color display	neutral
I got a popup box that asked me to put in the Win98 CD .	Win98 CD	neutral
After you upgrade the cq56 to a max of 8 gb the computer runs a lot better .	runs	neutral
The good thing is the version 9 driver is already installed on the notebook .	version 9 driver	neutral
I like the placement of the vents for the fans to blow out heat .	vents	neutral
I like the placement of the vents for the fans to blow out heat .	fans	neutral
It pulls hot air from the receiver and throw it out .	receiver	neutral
So any hints of greater speed and efficiency , combined with the world 's smallest , lightest , thinnest yet most practical computer , were too tempting to resist .	speed	neutral
So any hints of greater speed and efficiency , combined with the world 's smallest , lightest , thinnest yet most practical computer , were too tempting to resist .	efficiency	neutral
the mouse scrolls very smooth , works great on any hard surface , & matches the color scheme of my 18 .	mouse	neutral
the mouse scrolls very smooth , works great on any hard surface , & matches the color scheme of my 18 .	color scheme	neutral
Turning off the headphones got Windows to switch back to the speakers .	headphones	neutral
Turning off the headphones got Windows to switch back to the speakers .	speakers	neutral
The Power ratings were the same	Power ratings	neutral
The dock was immediately recognized by my computer ( DELL 5800 : Intel Core i7 - 2600 CPU , 3 . 4 GHz , , 16 GB RAM ) and the reading and copying went as smooth as silk .	dock	neutral
The dock was immediately recognized by my computer ( DELL 5800 : Intel Core i7 - 2600 CPU , 3 . 4 GHz , , 16 GB RAM ) and the reading and copying went as smooth as silk .	Intel Core i7	neutral
The dock was immediately recognized by my computer ( DELL 5800 : Intel Core i7 - 2600 CPU , 3 . 4 GHz , , 16 GB RAM ) and the reading and copying went as smooth as silk .	CPU	neutral
The dock was immediately recognized by my computer ( DELL 5800 : Intel Core i7 - 2600 CPU , 3 . 4 GHz , , 16 GB RAM ) and the reading and copying went as smooth as silk .	16 GB RAM	neutral
but I am sure that this is much less the price .	price	neutral
I can see the " internals " surrounding the jack .	internals	neutral
I can see the " internals " surrounding the jack .	jack	neutral
There 's lots of pockets and it 's easy to customize the interior .	pockets	neutral
There 's lots of pockets and it 's easy to customize the interior .	interior	neutral
Worked well with an Thinkpad T43 , but needed a female - female VGA extension cord because the USB and Audio ports on the Thinkpad are on the other side of the laptop from the VGA port .	VGA extension cord	neutral
Worked well with an Thinkpad T43 , but needed a female - female VGA extension cord because the USB and Audio ports on the Thinkpad are on the other side of the laptop from the VGA port .	USB	neutral
Worked well with an Thinkpad T43 , but needed a female - female VGA extension cord because the USB and Audio ports on the Thinkpad are on the other side of the laptop from the VGA port .	Audio ports	neutral
Worked well with an Thinkpad T43 , but needed a female - female VGA extension cord because the USB and Audio ports on the Thinkpad are on the other side of the laptop from the VGA port .	VGA port	neutral
I did the firmware upgrade and it stopped working ( no video from HDMI or SVideo ) .	firmware upgrade	neutral
I did the firmware upgrade and it stopped working ( no video from HDMI or SVideo ) .	HDMI	neutral
This battery was a surprise because replacements use to be less reliable in my experience .	battery	neutral
the plug is loose and falls out easily .	plug	neutral
All hard drives CANNOT be moved , shocked or manipulated during operation .	hard drives	neutral
This card , made by Ralink , went right , right away .	card	neutral
This card , made by Ralink , went right , right away .	Ralink	neutral
It added about 6 to 8 hours on high performance mode in windows to a machine with 6 gb of ram and a Core i5 processor .	performance mode	neutral
It added about 6 to 8 hours on high performance mode in windows to a machine with 6 gb of ram and a Core i5 processor .	6	neutral
For the first year , this battery would last about 2hr 30 min .	battery	neutral
Worse , the keyboard became intermittent , as did the mouse touchpad .	keyboard	neutral
Worse , the keyboard became intermittent , as did the mouse touchpad .	mouse touchpad	neutral
The convenience of the DVR off - sets the quality of the tuners and a third party remote will fix the second problem .	DVR	neutral
The convenience of the DVR off - sets the quality of the tuners and a third party remote will fix the second problem .	tuners	neutral
The convenience of the DVR off - sets the quality of the tuners and a third party remote will fix the second problem .	remote	neutral
Came with a Keyboard USB adapter that fits perfectly ( worth as much as I paid for the case )	Keyboard USB adapter	neutral
Came with a Keyboard USB adapter that fits perfectly ( worth as much as I paid for the case )	case	neutral
No lag and shows nice pressure sensitivity .	pressure sensitivity	neutral
This Belkin USB Port is a good and true 2 . 0	Belkin USB Port	neutral
I run a coretemp app to track temperatures on my T7200 chip and have observed a 10 - 15 degree C drop while using the Cooler Master U3 .	coretemp app	neutral
I run a coretemp app to track temperatures on my T7200 chip and have observed a 10 - 15 degree C drop while using the Cooler Master U3 .	Cooler Master	neutral
It did not work at the first attempt , and it took me a couple minutes to realize that the 4-pin power connector has been inserted 180 opposite , which turns out is very easy to do with this unit .	4-pin power connector	neutral
The larger battery gives a 3/4 inch extension on the back of the computer , making it far easier to pick up and hold .	battery	neutral
And Windows 8 is n't that bad	Windows 8	neutral
And always do so at Amazon -- I have n't found a better price and there 's zero difference in the coverage you get .	price	neutral
And always do so at Amazon -- I have n't found a better price and there 's zero difference in the coverage you get .	coverage	neutral
It fits exactly my 17&#34 ; Sony Vaio PCG-8112L , and provides almost 1 . 5 hr use time , which is more than the one hour I expected , however , the actual time depends heavily on what the system is doing .	use time	neutral
It fits exactly my 17&#34 ; Sony Vaio PCG-8112L , and provides almost 1 . 5 hr use time , which is more than the one hour I expected , however , the actual time depends heavily on what the system is doing .	system	neutral
You will need to use an equalizer to coax sufficient bass out of it , and to knock the midrange down a bit ( midrange sounds " cheap " on a flat equalizer ) .	equalizer	neutral
You will need to use an equalizer to coax sufficient bass out of it , and to knock the midrange down a bit ( midrange sounds " cheap " on a flat equalizer ) .	bass	neutral
You will need to use an equalizer to coax sufficient bass out of it , and to knock the midrange down a bit ( midrange sounds " cheap " on a flat equalizer ) .	midrange	neutral
You will need to use an equalizer to coax sufficient bass out of it , and to knock the midrange down a bit ( midrange sounds " cheap " on a flat equalizer ) .	midrange	neutral
In the past , I have typically used a standard - sized soft briefcase with a shoulder strap , and it 's always so heavy and crammed full that it 's difficult to carry .	shoulder strap	neutral
But if you are watching a movie , you really do experience surround sound - like reach .	surround sound	neutral
one Vista and one Windows 7 - and use the Media Center software for tv programing , recording etc - of course with this antenna only limited broadcasts are available	Vista	neutral
one Vista and one Windows 7 - and use the Media Center software for tv programing , recording etc - of course with this antenna only limited broadcasts are available	Windows 7	neutral
one Vista and one Windows 7 - and use the Media Center software for tv programing , recording etc - of course with this antenna only limited broadcasts are available	Media Center software	neutral
so I actually have a spare DVI - to - HDMI cable .	DVI - to - HDMI cable	neutral
The Media link HomePlug seemed to have performed as advertised .	Media link HomePlug	neutral
The speaker head looks indestructable .	speaker head	neutral
which means it takes a tiny fraction of the power of traditional bluetooth devices .	power	neutral
which means it takes a tiny fraction of the power of traditional bluetooth devices .	bluetooth	neutral
I love the compact size of it great to leave in my bag for travel , cleans up the mess of cords in my bag !	size	neutral
I love the compact size of it great to leave in my bag for travel , cleans up the mess of cords in my bag !	cords	neutral
For practical reasons I 'd rather prefer the black body , but I did n't want to spend the extra money .	body	neutral
It seems to power my laptop just as the OEM pack did in the beginning ; lasting a few hours of standard use .	use	neutral
The price is great for the specs you get .	price	neutral
The price is great for the specs you get .	specs	neutral
I finally ran the USB cable BETWEEN the fan and the laptop , and that seems to work out .	USB cable	neutral
I finally ran the USB cable BETWEEN the fan and the laptop , and that seems to work out .	fan	neutral
One thing I would like to see happen would be AsusTek releasing a GTX 680 M 4 GB powered G75VW	GTX 680 M	neutral
One thing I would like to see happen would be AsusTek releasing a GTX 680 M 4 GB powered G75VW	4 GB powered	neutral
Speed seems about the same , too , though I have n't done any tests .	Speed	neutral
I could easily lounge one the coach or bed and still use my mouse .	mouse	neutral
They are located on the opposite side of the short edges , not on the rear like my other tablets.>IE browser works WAY better than any iOS or Android browser .	edges	neutral
Pros:-You can basically ignore the app screen and download the full programs instead of using the apps.-There 's actually a & # 34;start&#34 ;	app screen	neutral
Pros:-You can basically ignore the app screen and download the full programs instead of using the apps.-There 's actually a & # 34;start&#34 ;	programs	neutral
Pros:-You can basically ignore the app screen and download the full programs instead of using the apps.-There 's actually a & # 34;start&#34 ;	apps.-There	neutral
Currently I use it to carry 4 strobes , 3 dozen batteries , four different sets of remote triggers , a huge assortment of attachments and modifies for my strobes , filters , snoots , etc . , etc .	batteries	neutral
Currently I use it to carry 4 strobes , 3 dozen batteries , four different sets of remote triggers , a huge assortment of attachments and modifies for my strobes , filters , snoots , etc . , etc .	remote triggers	neutral
Since it was the same size as the laptop , it fit in the case with the laptop ,	size	neutral
All the screws appear to be phillips now , so I wo n't need my T8 driver anymore .	screws	neutral
All the screws appear to be phillips now , so I wo n't need my T8 driver anymore .	T8 driver	neutral
But I feel like the expandable - baffle construction is fragile and may not last long over time .	expandable - baffle construction	neutral
I can only get about 90 minutes out of a full charge .	charge	neutral
My first computer was a Commodore 64 ; that 's 64k	Commodore 64	neutral
If you do not have a CD player , go to the download product page below and download the driver : [ ...	CD player	neutral
If you do not have a CD player , go to the download product page below and download the driver : [ ...	driver	neutral
/s when the hdd is in the dock and plugged directly to my ASUS P5Q	hdd	neutral
So I bought a RangeMax N Daul Band Router because the USB Adapter said I could get 300 speed on my upstairs compter .	RangeMax N Daul Band Router	neutral
So I bought a RangeMax N Daul Band Router because the USB Adapter said I could get 300 speed on my upstairs compter .	USB Adapter	neutral
The battery was immediately recognized by the computer without having to do anything .	battery	neutral
The laptop detected the hub , but had very few of the components working .	hub	neutral
The laptop detected the hub , but had very few of the components working .	components	neutral
The Pocket PC OS and the Windows CE OS are both VERY flawed , and a majority of the software that 's on there when you buy it is Microsoft , including Outlook Express , which has a VERY high security risk and has a very bad reputation .	Pocket PC OS	neutral
The Pocket PC OS and the Windows CE OS are both VERY flawed , and a majority of the software that 's on there when you buy it is Microsoft , including Outlook Express , which has a VERY high security risk and has a very bad reputation .	Windows CE OS	neutral
The Pocket PC OS and the Windows CE OS are both VERY flawed , and a majority of the software that 's on there when you buy it is Microsoft , including Outlook Express , which has a VERY high security risk and has a very bad reputation .	software	neutral
The Pocket PC OS and the Windows CE OS are both VERY flawed , and a majority of the software that 's on there when you buy it is Microsoft , including Outlook Express , which has a VERY high security risk and has a very bad reputation .	Outlook Express	neutral
The Pocket PC OS and the Windows CE OS are both VERY flawed , and a majority of the software that 's on there when you buy it is Microsoft , including Outlook Express , which has a VERY high security risk and has a very bad reputation .	security risk	neutral
I had periodically priced batteries around and although the computer works fine and I intend on keeping it	batteries	neutral
so you can use the keyboard with a computer that does n't have built in Bluetooth .	keyboard	neutral
, my mouse was either dead or very erratic .	mouse	neutral
I bought this seagate sshd as a replacement hard drive for my acer intel i3 laptop .	seagate sshd	neutral
This was a great price for a great product .	price	neutral
I wanted to buy a new laptop , but I did n't want Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
And my designers tell me that this is the first MacBook they can design on in terms of display correctness - previous models did n't really live up to their standards for that , and they 'd have to double - check designs on their desktops .	display	neutral
i use it for my sirius radio because plugging headphones straight to the back the volume is to low .	volume	neutral
Ten months later we have noticed one thing - when the battery indicator says it is time to plug the thing in , the laptop does n't go dead before we have had a chance to plug it in .	battery indicator	neutral
The cord has a more than sufficient length to it to allow for the pack to be stowed out of sight or on the floor .	cord	neutral
The cord has a more than sufficient length to it to allow for the pack to be stowed out of sight or on the floor .	length	neutral
AudioIt 's OK .	AudioIt	neutral
The newer laptop thin model is not much better than a regular hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
The new battery outer cover color is slightly off and does n't match the color perfectly like the previous .	battery outer cover color	neutral
The new battery outer cover color is slightly off and does n't match the color perfectly like the previous .	color	neutral
The space bar should have been engineered with this in mind though .	space bar	neutral
The speed of the laptop is now lightening fast .	speed	neutral
It works well with Windows Media Center allowing me to record two different programs at the same time .	Windows Media Center	neutral
It works well with Windows Media Center allowing me to record two different programs at the same time .	programs	neutral
Zippered pouch on front will fit the power adapter ( similarly to the way Speedos fit ) .	power adapter	neutral
Zippered pouch on front will fit the power adapter ( similarly to the way Speedos fit ) .	Speedos	neutral
I 've had the Surface RT since it was first released , and purchased it with the original Touch Cover .	Touch Cover	neutral
Physically I turn it over and find the default OEM battery near exploded and the outer shell ruptured .	battery	neutral
Physically I turn it over and find the default OEM battery near exploded and the outer shell ruptured .	outer shell	neutral
A Type - A USB 3 is only used to hook this to your USB 3-enabled tablet .	USB 3	neutral
A Type - A USB 3 is only used to hook this to your USB 3-enabled tablet .	USB 3-enabled	neutral
This compact lighted , powered USB hub has been very reliable .	powered	neutral
This compact lighted , powered USB hub has been very reliable .	USB hub	neutral
If you turn off wifi and bluetooth you get an increase to about 9 . 5 hrs of normal usage .	wifi	neutral
it 's color , after minimal use .	color	neutral
The adjustable strap is sturdy and looks like it will hold up well with use , but it is not padded so I will not pack the case too heavy if it is going to be carried for a long time .	adjustable strap	neutral
The adjustable strap is sturdy and looks like it will hold up well with use , but it is not padded so I will not pack the case too heavy if it is going to be carried for a long time .	case	neutral
Honestly I chose Komputerbay brand because this 16 GB set was so cheap .	16 GB	neutral
If you want your laptop PC to double as a serious entertainment center , however , you still need to get some desk or tabletop speakers .	speakers	neutral
This battery held even less charge than my old one .	battery	neutral
This battery held even less charge than my old one .	charge	neutral
To test range , I set in my vehicle , about 3 blocks away from Village inn .	range	neutral
Computer is noticeably faster after this upgrade from the pre - installed 8 GB of Apple Hynix RAM .	8 GB of Apple Hynix RAM	neutral
Because of this , I need a battery that lasted over 2 hours .	battery	neutral
I bought this for my kids to use for homework and playing games ( so that they would n't keep downloading crapware onto MY laptop ! ) .	games	neutral
When the cable arrived , it was n't as many described , with one lead having a pin removed and the other having a white sticker .	cable	neutral
For those devices , I use a different externally powered USB hub .	externally	neutral
For those devices , I use a different externally powered USB hub .	USB hub	neutral
So , they take up too much space for what they are .	space	neutral
Now that I 've grasped the concept of Windows 8 , I 'm blazing through all of my software / applications faster than a bat out of hell .	Windows 8	neutral
Now that I 've grasped the concept of Windows 8 , I 'm blazing through all of my software / applications faster than a bat out of hell .	software / applications	neutral
The price on this is now around $ 100 or less , so	price	neutral
Good simple case .	case	neutral
I would recommend this product to anybody that uses GNU / Linux and/or is on a budget regarding computer parts .	GNU / Linux	neutral
This makes it an excellent choice for those that do n't have USB ports to spare .	USB ports	neutral
This laptop is poor , and the fan noise is a dealbreaker .	fan noise	neutral
So this simple , minimally designed pad is one of the most useful accessories I own .	pad	neutral
( and I 'm not generally a trackpad hater).WHEN USING	trackpad	neutral
The bag 's ability to carry everything I need is the best feature yet .	feature	neutral
Do n't throw away the cap for the plug ; it doubles as a support when the unit is plugged into the wall .	cap	neutral
Do n't throw away the cap for the plug ; it doubles as a support when the unit is plugged into the wall .	plug	neutral
I bought this for my zune HD because $ 80 . 00 for a car dock is a joke .	car dock	neutral
Fits tightly around the edges ...	edges	neutral
YOU DO NOT NEED TO INSTALL THE CLIENT MANAGER TO USE	CLIENT MANAGER	neutral
The little things are what make this product , the variable angle tilt , the cutout on the front for you to use the headphone and microphone jacks on the front of the laptop itself .	angle tilt	neutral
The little things are what make this product , the variable angle tilt , the cutout on the front for you to use the headphone and microphone jacks on the front of the laptop itself .	headphone	neutral
The little things are what make this product , the variable angle tilt , the cutout on the front for you to use the headphone and microphone jacks on the front of the laptop itself .	microphone jacks	neutral
Direct replacement for the keyboard my 4 YO shorted out .	keyboard	neutral
No zipper issues , no fraying fabric , nothing .	zipper	neutral
No zipper issues , no fraying fabric , nothing .	fabric	neutral
The tips are not as flimsy as the previous model .	tips	neutral
This means the " green " setting will start or media player will pop up , etc .	green	neutral
This means the " green " setting will start or media player will pop up , etc .	media player	neutral
Bends easily into any position desired and the light is plenty bright .	light	neutral
It works great .	works	neutral
Actiontec seems to have acknowledged this design flaw by supplying you with a small USB extension cable .	Actiontec	neutral
Actiontec seems to have acknowledged this design flaw by supplying you with a small USB extension cable .	design	neutral
Actiontec seems to have acknowledged this design flaw by supplying you with a small USB extension cable .	USB extension cable	neutral
We have several computers on our household LAN , and a couple of them use this webcam .	webcam	neutral
This mouse is still in its package .	mouse	neutral
Some systems can make sense of this and recognize two different LUNs as two different physical drives .	physical drives	neutral
Plugged it in and instantly recognized in Windows 7 .	Windows 7	neutral
so I recommend it for those who need a replacement power supply for their laptops or just one that is smaller and lighter than their original one .	power supply	neutral
It does have a humming noise that is noticeable when you are near the speakers .	speakers	neutral
So if you are looking for a bluetooth keyboard I would highly recommend trying to find another one since this one has lots of issues with the bluetooth technology in it .	bluetooth keyboard	neutral
So if you are looking for a bluetooth keyboard I would highly recommend trying to find another one since this one has lots of issues with the bluetooth technology in it .	bluetooth technology	neutral
It also has a sleep feature that after non use dims the LCD 's and then turns them off which is another well thought of feature .	sleep feature	neutral
It also has a sleep feature that after non use dims the LCD 's and then turns them off which is another well thought of feature .	LCD	neutral
It also has a sleep feature that after non use dims the LCD 's and then turns them off which is another well thought of feature .	feature	neutral
You could still hear it plugging away , so to speak , next to its bigger brother speaker system .	speaker system	neutral
My Kindle Fire stays in tightly ( it takes a little work to get the corners in ) with the rubberized and elastic corner straps .	elastic corner straps	neutral
Very nice design .	design	neutral
The finish is very scratch resistant ( I have n't managed to scratch it in three months of heavy everyday use , and my matte black Inspiron looked terrible in the same	finish	neutral
But I was expecting a named brand like Incase to have better manufacturing quality control than this .	manufacturing	neutral
But I was expecting a named brand like Incase to have better manufacturing quality control than this .	quality control	neutral
The drivers were automatically installed from a non - Microsoft resource via 5 minute long secondary process .	drivers	neutral
Does n't hold a charge .	charge	neutral
One feature that needs improvement is HDMI connectivity to external monitors and TV .	feature	neutral
One feature that needs improvement is HDMI connectivity to external monitors and TV .	HDMI connectivity to	neutral
One feature that needs improvement is HDMI connectivity to external monitors and TV .	external monitors	neutral
Works great !	Works	neutral
The audio and ethernet pass through seems to be alright .	audio	neutral
The audio and ethernet pass through seems to be alright .	ethernet pass through	neutral
Startup is a breeze compared to my old HP .	Startup	neutral
This is likely also necessary to account for the touchscreen components and it offers the side benefit of making the device big enough to feature a full - sized keyboard rather than having to go with something smaller and more cramped .	touchscreen components	neutral
This is likely also necessary to account for the touchscreen components and it offers the side benefit of making the device big enough to feature a full - sized keyboard rather than having to go with something smaller and more cramped .	keyboard	neutral
Powerful , love the feel and looks of the lighted keyboard , great looking screen , very snappy with the 8 GB SSD cache , very quiet .... even under full load of gaming , built in speakers	lighted keyboard	neutral
Powerful , love the feel and looks of the lighted keyboard , great looking screen , very snappy with the 8 GB SSD cache , very quiet .... even under full load of gaming , built in speakers	screen	neutral
Powerful , love the feel and looks of the lighted keyboard , great looking screen , very snappy with the 8 GB SSD cache , very quiet .... even under full load of gaming , built in speakers	8	neutral
Powerful , love the feel and looks of the lighted keyboard , great looking screen , very snappy with the 8 GB SSD cache , very quiet .... even under full load of gaming , built in speakers	gaming	neutral
The lack of exterior side pockets was a pain .	exterior side pockets	neutral
and I just had to buy this cable , plug it in , and voila !	cable	neutral
My first pair of batteries went out one year later ( to the month , not the day ) .	batteries	neutral
There are two mounting options for Macbook Air 11-inch .	mounting	neutral
CPU Passmark Score :	CPU Passmark	neutral
Unfortunately , I have determined that the hub interferes with the machine 's ability to start up and shut down .	hub	neutral
Unfortunately , I have determined that the hub interferes with the machine 's ability to start up and shut down .	start up	neutral
Unfortunately , I have determined that the hub interferes with the machine 's ability to start up and shut down .	shut down	neutral
I contemplated my options which included reconfiguring my on - board wireless internet or buying a separate network card and disabling the on - board chip .	on -	neutral
I contemplated my options which included reconfiguring my on - board wireless internet or buying a separate network card and disabling the on - board chip .	network card	neutral
I contemplated my options which included reconfiguring my on - board wireless internet or buying a separate network card and disabling the on - board chip .	on - board chip	neutral
If it does for other people , then it can bend out of the way or you can take the mic out !	mic	neutral
The modern , contemporary design is pleasing to me .	design	neutral
If they make it so the quality when you transfer the video to your computer is as good as hitting play on your camera and linking it directly to your tv with hdmi the camera would definitely be better but you do n't get the same quality in the raw data for some reason when its transferred from the camera to your computer .	camera	neutral
The power supply was easy to install and I LOVE the modular power attachments .	power supply	neutral
The power supply was easy to install and I LOVE the modular power attachments .	modular power attachments	neutral
My model is the 1 . 86 GHz , 2 GB RAM , 128 SSD used with a Speck Cranberry Speck See - Thru case -- it fits my portability needs perfectly .	2	neutral
My model is the 1 . 86 GHz , 2 GB RAM , 128 SSD used with a Speck Cranberry Speck See - Thru case -- it fits my portability needs perfectly .	portability	neutral
Another thing I 'd like to mention is that Samsung has some features that they advertise as cutting edge , which I really question .	features	neutral
I used this card for photos and video in my Kodak z1285 , and it worked without any problems .	card	neutral
Plus I have a thick file containing all rules and information to run the proprietary PC program I have to operate .	proprietary PC program	neutral
It has the right screen size ( keeping fairly thin too ) , good pen support , good amount of ports including full usb .	screen size	neutral
It has the right screen size ( keeping fairly thin too ) , good pen support , good amount of ports including full usb .	pen support	neutral
It has the right screen size ( keeping fairly thin too ) , good pen support , good amount of ports including full usb .	ports	neutral
It has the right screen size ( keeping fairly thin too ) , good pen support , good amount of ports including full usb .	usb	neutral
This is a perfect , light weight , small footprint , long battery life ( 4 + hours ) notebook for me .	footprint	neutral
This is a perfect , light weight , small footprint , long battery life ( 4 + hours ) notebook for me .	battery life	neutral
I was afraid that the envelope style would make it more bulky than necessary but that is not an issue , it is fairly slim .	envelope style	neutral
However , RAM 4 GB is quite small with this version .	RAM 4 GB	neutral
Also the packaging claims that there are two different fan speeds , there is not .	packaging	neutral
Also the packaging claims that there are two different fan speeds , there is not .	fan speeds	neutral
While this is not a dig against this particular model , it is a problem inherent with a Mac if your not booting up 2 OS 's .	OS 's	neutral
I plugged all the stuff ( KVM )	KVM	neutral
Programs for it do not seem to work , and if you do get it to work ...	Programs	neutral
On checking with Asus tech support via Email , I was advised to fix that by updating the BIOS ( currently version 0602 ) , but there is no updated BIOS for the 1000/Linux offered yet as of today on the Asus download site .	Asus tech support	neutral
On checking with Asus tech support via Email , I was advised to fix that by updating the BIOS ( currently version 0602 ) , but there is no updated BIOS for the 1000/Linux offered yet as of today on the Asus download site .	BIOS	neutral
On checking with Asus tech support via Email , I was advised to fix that by updating the BIOS ( currently version 0602 ) , but there is no updated BIOS for the 1000/Linux offered yet as of today on the Asus download site .	BIOS	neutral
On checking with Asus tech support via Email , I was advised to fix that by updating the BIOS ( currently version 0602 ) , but there is no updated BIOS for the 1000/Linux offered yet as of today on the Asus download site .	1000/Linux	neutral
Ran a hmdl cable around the wall to use mouse .	mouse	neutral
Too bad its does not come with eraser as well but there is always a trade - off paid for the comfort you get .	eraser	neutral
Under Windows 7 the drivers installed themselves fine .	Windows 7	neutral
Under Windows 7 the drivers installed themselves fine .	drivers	neutral
The charger comes with a sufficiently long cable .	charger	neutral
The charger comes with a sufficiently long cable .	cable	neutral
This case is perfect size for my kid 's laptop and his few hand held gaming devices .	size	neutral
This case is perfect size for my kid 's laptop and his few hand held gaming devices .	gaming	neutral
Great price	price	neutral
One thing I did n't notice about the design of this product when I purchased it on Amazon is the absence of a second short handle .	design	neutral
One thing I did n't notice about the design of this product when I purchased it on Amazon is the absence of a second short handle .	handle	neutral
I did n't notice it not being listed on the product specs .	specs	neutral
That time would be at the dimmest screen , with the wireless shut off .	wireless	neutral
It does n't have the fastest speed or the biggest memory , but I can honestly say that Toshiba , for this price , has made a good lap top .	speed	neutral
It does n't have the fastest speed or the biggest memory , but I can honestly say that Toshiba , for this price , has made a good lap top .	memory	neutral
It does n't have the fastest speed or the biggest memory , but I can honestly say that Toshiba , for this price , has made a good lap top .	price	neutral
I usually download the latest drivers from the manufacturer 's website anyways .	drivers	neutral
I have been using this KVM switch for about a month and a half .	KVM switch	neutral
Love this shell case .	shell case	neutral
My speakers came with rubber feet , and rubber covers on the fold out stands .	speakers	neutral
My speakers came with rubber feet , and rubber covers on the fold out stands .	rubber feet	neutral
My speakers came with rubber feet , and rubber covers on the fold out stands .	rubber covers	neutral
Even running just the stock 2 gb of ram , the laptop is very speedy ( I plan on upgrading soon tho , but it does n't seem necessary yet . )	2 gb of ram	neutral
If you want to add surge protection to a single outlet , along with have a USB charger capability from the same outlet ( one that should charge an iPhone or later Android ) , this is perfect .	surge protection	neutral
If you want to add surge protection to a single outlet , along with have a USB charger capability from the same outlet ( one that should charge an iPhone or later Android ) , this is perfect .	USB charger capability	neutral
Battery sucks	Battery	neutral
The sound quality is amazing for such a small and stylized product .	sound quality	neutral
adapter would not even connect to another Medialink Blue Tooth 4 . 0	Medialink Blue Tooth 4 . 0	neutral
Windows HiDPI support is inconsistent outside of the ' Modern ' interface .	Windows HiDPI support	neutral
Windows HiDPI support is inconsistent outside of the ' Modern ' interface .	interface	neutral
it adds more usb 2 ports .	usb 2 ports	neutral
But she sure enjoys that bluetooth to phone connection in her car .	bluetooth to phone connection	neutral
Quality is extremely bad ..	Quality	neutral
This allowed me to use BT 4 LE apps on my iPhone 4S as well as more than double the range of myLG HBS-730 Bluetooth Headphones !	BT 4 LE apps	neutral
This allowed me to use BT 4 LE apps on my iPhone 4S as well as more than double the range of myLG HBS-730 Bluetooth Headphones !	range	neutral
With the starting configuration my system obtained the following Windows 7 User Experience Index scores : Processor=3 . 8 , Memory=4 .	Windows 7 User Experience	neutral
With the starting configuration my system obtained the following Windows 7 User Experience Index scores : Processor=3 . 8 , Memory=4 .	Processor=3	neutral
With the starting configuration my system obtained the following Windows 7 User Experience Index scores : Processor=3 . 8 , Memory=4 .	Memory=4	neutral
This adapter had absolutely no problems setting up the adapters on XP and Vista systems	adapters	neutral
This adapter had absolutely no problems setting up the adapters on XP and Vista systems	XP	neutral
This adapter had absolutely no problems setting up the adapters on XP and Vista systems	Vista	neutral
There is a double handle on the top of the case , convenient for carrying the bag .	handle	neutral
There is a double handle on the top of the case , convenient for carrying the bag .	case	neutral
The keyboard is removable but also magnetic fitting into case .	keyboard	neutral
or so that I spent to get a replacement battery .	battery	neutral
I chose the backpack rather than a hard case because I 'm usually hiking somewhere to get to where I want to shoot .	hard case	neutral
I was n't too concerned with padding .	padding	neutral
My only complaint is that the lens holders ( see photos ) are all open , meaning that it is very easy for the lenses to slip out of position or , if you open the bag the wrong way , fall out or slip .	lens holders	neutral
My only complaint is that the lens holders ( see photos ) are all open , meaning that it is very easy for the lenses to slip out of position or , if you open the bag the wrong way , fall out or slip .	lenses	neutral
and I like that , as a person who likes using the electronic while it charges , this one barely moves or gets remove ,	charges	neutral
so I did n't have any issues with the wifi ,	wifi	neutral
Haven;t noticed issues with battery life yet but expectation from other keyboards are about 2 weeks to a month depending on use .	battery life	neutral
case does not snap on into place all the way on any part of the laptop there is no point in having a case that does not fit the computer .	case	neutral
So it is n't as durable as I 'd hoped , but the low price helps soothe the pain .	price	neutral
It 's 1/2 pound heavier than the Chromebook and battery life is 30 % shorter than the Chromebook .	battery life	neutral
The price seems to fluctuate quite a bit so do n't get in a hurry	price	neutral
The cable worked without any issues ( as expected).I would recommend this cable to anyone who needs a nice long cable on the cheap .	cable	neutral
The cable worked without any issues ( as expected).I would recommend this cable to anyone who needs a nice long cable on the cheap .	cable	neutral
Works great !	Works	neutral
Combined with a generous 500 GB conventional hard drive , this computer has a great mix of speed and capacity	500 GB conventional hard drive	neutral
Combined with a generous 500 GB conventional hard drive , this computer has a great mix of speed and capacity	speed	neutral
Combined with a generous 500 GB conventional hard drive , this computer has a great mix of speed and capacity	capacity	neutral
The only lights on it are Power and Microphone Muted	Power	neutral
The only lights on it are Power and Microphone Muted	Microphone	neutral
The speaker paired easily with my Android cell phone and Kindle Fire HD 7&#34 ; tablet with the device name & # 34;SoundDew.&#34 ; The audio quality playing MP3 music was pretty good for such a small device .	speaker	neutral
The speaker paired easily with my Android cell phone and Kindle Fire HD 7&#34 ; tablet with the device name & # 34;SoundDew.&#34 ; The audio quality playing MP3 music was pretty good for such a small device .	audio quality	neutral
Quality - wise	Quality	neutral
This is basically as functional as a full - fledged surge - protector but at 1/4 - 1/3 the size .	surge - protector	neutral
I would imagine that your TV might not have a VGA input and even if it does it almost certainly wo n't have a 3 . 5 mm input jack .	VGA input	neutral
I also bought the Targus carrying case , for even more protection to my 11 .	Targus carrying case	neutral
Windows 7 - 32 & 64-bit Ready * Supports SATA III ( 6 Gb / s )	Windows 7 - 32	neutral
Windows 7 - 32 & 64-bit Ready * Supports SATA III ( 6 Gb / s )	SATA III	neutral
The zippered pocket inside can be used for this , but is a little awkward as it is two zippers deep .	zippered pocket	neutral
He had been looking at bags at a local store and had n't found anything as nice as this , especially for the price .	price	neutral
Quality 15 . 6 inch screenFeels sturdy / solidThe plastic casing does n't have that glossy fingerprint hungry texture .	plastic casing	neutral
The fans are quiet for 3 of them running at a time	fans	neutral
Now open a video ( go to Hulu and click on any video just to get something up ) , and repeat the previous steps , adjusting up the gamma , contrast , brightness etc , to make the video look good .	brightness	neutral
Computer specifics vary so much that this adapter is a bit of a crap shoot , but it worked for my situation .	adapter	neutral
I was looking for a rubberized cover , but this one is just plastic .	rubberized cover	neutral
I ran the Blackmagic 's speed test , and I got around 500 MB / s read and write .	Blackmagic 's	neutral
I ran the Blackmagic 's speed test , and I got around 500 MB / s read and write .	speed	neutral
Pros:&#8226;The specs are crazy fast&#8226 ; The computer is insanely light weight&#8226 ; The screen is popping!&#8226 ;	specs	neutral
Pros:&#8226;The specs are crazy fast&#8226 ; The computer is insanely light weight&#8226 ; The screen is popping!&#8226 ;	screen	neutral
They are expensive compared to the competition , but their stitch , zipper , and materials quality makes that worthwhile .	stitch	neutral
They are expensive compared to the competition , but their stitch , zipper , and materials quality makes that worthwhile .	zipper	neutral
They are expensive compared to the competition , but their stitch , zipper , and materials quality makes that worthwhile .	materials quality	neutral
With proper interfaces , everything I could need .	interfaces	neutral
Boot and shut - down time is significantly reduced .	Boot	neutral
Boot and shut - down time is significantly reduced .	shut - down time	neutral
Very dense foam surrounds the computer and certainly gives the impression that it is really protecting the computer - although I have n't done a drop test .	foam	neutral
The metal is on the inside , and its pretty well organized , tough , solid , and quiet .	metal	neutral
The speaker system does have very good sound .	speaker system	neutral
The speaker system does have very good sound .	sound	neutral
I wanted something that did n't stick out like a sore - thumb or a bad looking dongle .	dongle	neutral
Given the scratch resistance of ipads , that approach is far sufficient , and this product only introduces another thing you 'd carry around - not needed .	scratch resistance	neutral
my daughter hated it due to size and that she had to plug in a dongle ....	size	neutral
my daughter hated it due to size and that she had to plug in a dongle ....	dongle	neutral
The dye of the red leather is n't fade - proof , and can transfer color to other things if it gets wet and sits on them for a while .	dye	neutral
Overall , it 's pretty good , but , for me , this incompatibility is annoying , especially as I set up the new Mac Pro and have to frequently reboot for installing new software .	software	neutral
In terms of comfort and style , the Logitech takes the prize .	style	neutral
I prefer the logitech keyboard but the logitech case did not last long for me , so i 'm using that keyboard with this folio cover .	logitech keyboard	neutral
I prefer the logitech keyboard but the logitech case did not last long for me , so i 'm using that keyboard with this folio cover .	logitech case	neutral
I prefer the logitech keyboard but the logitech case did not last long for me , so i 'm using that keyboard with this folio cover .	keyboard	neutral
I prefer the logitech keyboard but the logitech case did not last long for me , so i 'm using that keyboard with this folio cover .	folio cover	neutral
So the usable storage space in this case will be 465 GB or 93 % .	storage space	neutral
The bottom has sharp edges that can scratch your wrists and should have been smoothed over when they made it .	bottom	neutral
The bottom has sharp edges that can scratch your wrists and should have been smoothed over when they made it .	edges	neutral
Still overall , with it having two speakers , I expected a little better .	speakers	neutral
The connectors feel solid .	connectors	neutral
I have an & # 34;N&#34 ; router and expected this baby to give me a fast connection , but nothing I did helped , and I spent a few hours at it .	connection	neutral
I got this cable and a Mediabridge charger to replace what was claimed to be a Samsung oem charger that the micro usb connector failed on .	cable	neutral
I got this cable and a Mediabridge charger to replace what was claimed to be a Samsung oem charger that the micro usb connector failed on .	Mediabridge charger	neutral
I got this cable and a Mediabridge charger to replace what was claimed to be a Samsung oem charger that the micro usb connector failed on .	micro usb connector	neutral
Instruction manual * 1 year warranty	Instruction manual	neutral
Well made , does the job , delivered as promised and at a great price .	price	neutral
I have a Galaxy Tab 2 7&#34 ; - The keyboard works great with one exception .	keyboard	neutral
Update 7/24:After trying Toshiba support ( useless , do n't bother as they do not support this item ; it is a re - brand ) and going on a crusade through forums on Toshiba and DisplayLink Web Sites ( which had an unacceptable amount of unanswered posts on both )	Toshiba support	neutral
Update 7/24:After trying Toshiba support ( useless , do n't bother as they do not support this item ; it is a re - brand ) and going on a crusade through forums on Toshiba and DisplayLink Web Sites ( which had an unacceptable amount of unanswered posts on both )	DisplayLink	neutral
You can have great sound and remote volume control even if you do n't have line level audio output jacks .	sound	neutral
You can have great sound and remote volume control even if you do n't have line level audio output jacks .	remote volume control	neutral
You can have great sound and remote volume control even if you do n't have line level audio output jacks .	line	neutral
The noise reduction is good .	noise reduction	neutral
The battery charger appears to be an exact replacement .	battery charger	neutral
For most normal business programs , this really works well .	business programs	neutral
and overall the price was very reasonable .	price	neutral
If I had a CD I would n't have needed the drive ,	drive	neutral
I looked at the pins and they were bent .	pins	neutral
Delivery was super fast , charged the battery , and now it says four hours of battery time and is actually discharging pretty slow .	Delivery	neutral
Delivery was super fast , charged the battery , and now it says four hours of battery time and is actually discharging pretty slow .	battery	neutral
Delivery was super fast , charged the battery , and now it says four hours of battery time and is actually discharging pretty slow .	battery time	neutral
: I did n't notice this in the advertisement but this laptop has altec lansing speakers with dolby advanced audio .	altec lansing speakers	neutral
: I did n't notice this in the advertisement but this laptop has altec lansing speakers with dolby advanced audio .	dolby advanced audio	neutral
One for office , one for datacenter , original for home .	datacenter	neutral
I am now using it to haul instrument and speaker cables , microphones and miscellaneous adapters that I am constantly hauling from one gig to the next .	instrument	neutral
I am now using it to haul instrument and speaker cables , microphones and miscellaneous adapters that I am constantly hauling from one gig to the next .	speaker cables	neutral
I am now using it to haul instrument and speaker cables , microphones and miscellaneous adapters that I am constantly hauling from one gig to the next .	microphones	neutral
I have a Nokia e71 with internal gps ( which works better than my Garmin and Lowrance handhelds ) .	internal gps	neutral
A 90-day warranty on a built - in non - replacable battery is a very bad idea , and an even worse product .	90-day warranty	neutral
A 90-day warranty on a built - in non - replacable battery is a very bad idea , and an even worse product .	battery	neutral
I use my laptop in the office on a docking station and on the road and at home just plugged into power .	docking station	neutral
In fact , although OS X and iOS may have larger numbers of apps on paper , Android has more of the tablet apps that I actually want to use day - to - day .	OS X	neutral
In fact , although OS X and iOS may have larger numbers of apps on paper , Android has more of the tablet apps that I actually want to use day - to - day .	apps	neutral
In fact , although OS X and iOS may have larger numbers of apps on paper , Android has more of the tablet apps that I actually want to use day - to - day .	apps	neutral
Other than this issue , The charger works perfectly with Galaxy tab 10 .	charger	neutral
It works well and is completely reliable .	works	neutral
-More details on product - Cord length is long - Does not make " buzzing " sounds previous OEM charger made - Does not mess with my touchpad interface ( older charger did this)-18 month warranty - Appears to have great customer serviceCON:-Not a fan of the velcro style cord wrapper	Cord length	neutral
-More details on product - Cord length is long - Does not make " buzzing " sounds previous OEM charger made - Does not mess with my touchpad interface ( older charger did this)-18 month warranty - Appears to have great customer serviceCON:-Not a fan of the velcro style cord wrapper	touchpad interface	neutral
-More details on product - Cord length is long - Does not make " buzzing " sounds previous OEM charger made - Does not mess with my touchpad interface ( older charger did this)-18 month warranty - Appears to have great customer serviceCON:-Not a fan of the velcro style cord wrapper	customer serviceCON:-Not	neutral
I was originally getting 4 - 5 hours battery life but , my old battery was recently only giving me 1 - 2 hours use and my computer began indicating ( with the flashing amber light )	battery life	neutral
I was originally getting 4 - 5 hours battery life but , my old battery was recently only giving me 1 - 2 hours use and my computer began indicating ( with the flashing amber light )	battery	neutral
ASUS 1015PEM netbook fit perfectly well.*It has a few extra compartments which is nice.*Bag	compartments	neutral
If you 've been researching diligently to find the best value / price HDTV , then this Samsung should be your leading candidate .	price	neutral
10X optical zoom is a little slim for my liking .	10X optical zoom	neutral
The clothes area looks bigger than it is , I could barely stuff in 2 days ' worth of clothing , and a light jacket , and I do pack light , if I utilize some of the laptop space I could probably get another pair of cloths ,	clothes area	neutral
The clothes area looks bigger than it is , I could barely stuff in 2 days ' worth of clothing , and a light jacket , and I do pack light , if I utilize some of the laptop space I could probably get another pair of cloths ,	laptop space	neutral
In one word .... Exceptional . I was never happy with the battery that came with my Acer Aspire One A110 9 cell battery .	battery	neutral
In one word .... Exceptional . I was never happy with the battery that came with my Acer Aspire One A110 9 cell battery .	9 cell battery	neutral
If I were a normal user , given the price and the promise , I would have probably given up and either tossed it in the trash or sent it back .	price	neutral
As I did not intend portable use as important I presume the relatively short battery time would be its major drawback for those who need laptops in business .	battery time	neutral
so now I only use it as something to keep my laptop on minus the fan .	fan	neutral
At nearly three times the price of my old Targus though , and the balance issue , I have to deduct a star .	price	neutral
At nearly three times the price of my old Targus though , and the balance issue , I have to deduct a star .	balance	neutral
That ' a nice feature , but headlining " charge three devices at the same time " is a bit of a stretch .	feature	neutral
The provided short USB extender cable is bendable so it can be used to aim the Trendnet at the WiFi source to get a better signal .	short USB extender cable	neutral
Its not often these days you can get something like this for a reasonable price .	price	neutral
I got this Sanoxy keyboard case for a Datawind	Sanoxy keyboard case	neutral
Well this is my second sleeve for my laptop , this time I changed my machine for a Dell Inspiron 15R , 2012	sleeve	neutral
What I like about it .. is the keyboard FEEL .	keyboard FEEL	neutral
I work on an i7 at my job and it is a power hog - this machine 's i5 allows for decent battery life .	i5	neutral
I work on an i7 at my job and it is a power hog - this machine 's i5 allows for decent battery life .	battery life	neutral
The Evolution 6 access is more round at the top which somewhat limits access - making the 8 an improvement on possibly the only flaw of the 6 .	Evolution 6 access	neutral
Matches my old keyboard prfectly .	keyboard	neutral
This E - Port Plus replicator works perfectly with my Dell Latitude E5520 .	E - Port Plus replicator	neutral
e. , so that you can both use and charge the device simultaneously .	charge	neutral
~ it was nice but kept the computer hot , plus it came with a huge scratch across the top , no fault of Amazon , must of came out of the factory like that , and cost double the price .	cost	neutral
~ it was nice but kept the computer hot , plus it came with a huge scratch across the top , no fault of Amazon , must of came out of the factory like that , and cost double the price .	price	neutral
Setup was fairly easy .	Setup	neutral
shipping then $ 22 . 00 for another with free shipping .	shipping	neutral
shipping then $ 22 . 00 for another with free shipping .	shipping	neutral
I have read a few other reviews on other Samsung models that complain about the audio quality , but I was quite impressed with the sound I was able to get out of the TV speakers after a little fine tuning with the equalizer .	audio quality	neutral
I have read a few other reviews on other Samsung models that complain about the audio quality , but I was quite impressed with the sound I was able to get out of the TV speakers after a little fine tuning with the equalizer .	sound	neutral
I have read a few other reviews on other Samsung models that complain about the audio quality , but I was quite impressed with the sound I was able to get out of the TV speakers after a little fine tuning with the equalizer .	equalizer	neutral
Only has happened a few times ( though only when plugged in ) , but speedfan will always read a low temp anyways .	speedfan	neutral
Quiet , but came with a broken fan which created a horrible noise as soon as I powered on my new computer build .	fan	neutral
Very impressive cleaning cloth .	cleaning cloth	neutral
Cord is smooth and nice and pliable as it should be .	Cord	neutral
I got this to allow me to utilize an old VGA flat panel monitor with my brand	VGA flat panel	neutral
I got this free of cost from nvidia - HP settlement after my dual core dv6113us 's display broke down .	nvidia - HP settlement	neutral
I got this free of cost from nvidia - HP settlement after my dual core dv6113us 's display broke down .	display	neutral
This screen is " true " 1080 HD resolution -the specs on this page are wrong .	screen	neutral
This screen is " true " 1080 HD resolution -the specs on this page are wrong .	specs	neutral
Failed to maintain USB 3 . 0 connection .	USB 3 . 0 connection	neutral
The screen is quite nice , especially for this price segment .	screen	neutral
The screen is quite nice , especially for this price segment .	price segment	neutral
The 6-cell battery life is good ( 4:45 hours in both Auto Mode or Power Saving Mode ) , but far short of the advertised six or seven hours .	6-cell battery life	neutral
So i 'd recommend this as a replacement to a lost charger , and its as good as the original .	charger	neutral
For anyone who already owns a capable multifunction device such as the PPC-6700 or Treo 650 or 700 , the Nokia N800 is superfluous in many ways .	multifunction	neutral
The back compartment is for a laptop with a padding slot that easily fits your PC and a Velcro strap that you can fasten to prevent it from moving .	back compartment	neutral
As I currently work for a software developer , being able to run games was a big selling point .	software developer	neutral
As I currently work for a software developer , being able to run games was a big selling point .	games	neutral
; Touch Screen - AMD Elite Quad - Core A6 - 1450 ( 06/01/2013 ) /	Touch Screen	neutral
Heat control - it can get moderately warm when doing somewhat intensive tasks , like watching video files , for example .	Heat control	neutral
I would definitely recommend purchasing this if you are in need of an additional AC Adapter , or just need to replace one .	AC Adapter	neutral
If this battery lasts for another 4 years and 1800 + cycles , I will be very happy with it .	battery	neutral
the cord is a little short , but its enough .. very versatile if I can say so and the other two	cord	neutral
The build quality is solid , and the Ipad is very secure .	build quality	neutral
6 " netbook , but works just fine .	works	neutral
But it 's not worth the shipping to return .	shipping	neutral
The only major negative thing about this laptop is the design of it 's mouse .	design of	neutral
This may not necessarily be an entirely bad thing , as tools such as Start8 allow one to sort of bring back parts of the Windows 7 user interface , such as the start menu .	Start8	neutral
This may not necessarily be an entirely bad thing , as tools such as Start8 allow one to sort of bring back parts of the Windows 7 user interface , such as the start menu .	Windows 7 user interface	neutral
This may not necessarily be an entirely bad thing , as tools such as Start8 allow one to sort of bring back parts of the Windows 7 user interface , such as the start menu .	start menu	neutral
Logitech was quite helpful as well , as they fulfilled the 3 year partial warranty with no trouble .	3 year	neutral
Logitech was quite helpful as well , as they fulfilled the 3 year partial warranty with no trouble .	partial warranty	neutral
I might have a newer revision of this keyboard b / c other complaints such as volume buttons being in the wrong order and the trackball is too light do n't appear to be the case with my keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I might have a newer revision of this keyboard b / c other complaints such as volume buttons being in the wrong order and the trackball is too light do n't appear to be the case with my keyboard .	volume buttons	neutral
I might have a newer revision of this keyboard b / c other complaints such as volume buttons being in the wrong order and the trackball is too light do n't appear to be the case with my keyboard .	trackball	neutral
I might have a newer revision of this keyboard b / c other complaints such as volume buttons being in the wrong order and the trackball is too light do n't appear to be the case with my keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I had some problem with the touch pad at first .	touch pad	neutral
the micro USB ends are different in all three photos ! ! !	micro USB ends	neutral
Well this mouse has other problems too .	mouse	neutral
No Mac support whatsoever .	Mac support	neutral
With the $ 15 rebate my cost will be $ 27 .	cost	neutral
The build quality on this bag is the same as my older one ... excellent .	build quality	neutral
you need to avoid this privacy filter .	privacy filter	neutral
The combination of space between keys and joystick manipulation created the most difficulty I encountered with the G13 .	keys	neutral
The combination of space between keys and joystick manipulation created the most difficulty I encountered with the G13 .	joystick manipulation	neutral
They look cool , and these speakers remind me of them .	speakers	neutral
It has a stellar battery life .	battery life	neutral
My USB mike prefers to be connected direct to machine and not a hub .	USB mike	neutral
They sound great , but the stand design makes them move around the desk when played loud .	stand design	neutral
I hopped in my car , drove to Verizon and picked up aMOTOROLA XOOM Android Tablet ( 10 . 1-Inch , 32 GB , Wi - Fi ) with a bluetooth keyboard .	bluetooth keyboard	neutral
The fan can be loud after a bit of use but the unit stays cool throughout projection .	fan	neutral
In sum , this is a keyboard with a pretty fancy feature set .	keyboard	neutral
In sum , this is a keyboard with a pretty fancy feature set .	feature set	neutral
The fans do n't move a large amount of air but its decent enough to cool a laptop .	fans	neutral
It 's just cool and has decent sound .	sound	neutral
Works great after a single charge .	Works	neutral
Works great after a single charge .	charge	neutral
With Windows Xp I just put the cd in the drive and plugged the USB cord in and windows did the rest .	Windows Xp	neutral
With Windows Xp I just put the cd in the drive and plugged the USB cord in and windows did the rest .	USB cord	neutral
With Windows Xp I just put the cd in the drive and plugged the USB cord in and windows did the rest .	windows	neutral
- it is different but with this laptop 's touch screen its quite a nice way to navigate and use applications .	touch screen	neutral
- it is different but with this laptop 's touch screen its quite a nice way to navigate and use applications .	navigate	neutral
- it is different but with this laptop 's touch screen its quite a nice way to navigate and use applications .	applications	neutral
Showed up as expected , no frills , good price , worked great .	price	neutral
The unit is easy to set up , and it syncs up with an iphone with no troubles .	set up	neutral
Make sure you have your operating system in a DVD , Flash Drive or cloned on new SSD drive before you remove the old hard drive .	operating system	neutral
Make sure you have your operating system in a DVD , Flash Drive or cloned on new SSD drive before you remove the old hard drive .	Flash Drive	neutral
Make sure you have your operating system in a DVD , Flash Drive or cloned on new SSD drive before you remove the old hard drive .	SSD drive	neutral
Make sure you have your operating system in a DVD , Flash Drive or cloned on new SSD drive before you remove the old hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
When using the Oyen CD to install the drivers it correctly identified that I already had a previous version of the NEC USB 3 . 0 controller chip drivers installed .	Oyen CD	neutral
When using the Oyen CD to install the drivers it correctly identified that I already had a previous version of the NEC USB 3 . 0 controller chip drivers installed .	drivers	neutral
When using the Oyen CD to install the drivers it correctly identified that I already had a previous version of the NEC USB 3 . 0 controller chip drivers installed .	NEC	neutral
When using the Oyen CD to install the drivers it correctly identified that I already had a previous version of the NEC USB 3 . 0 controller chip drivers installed .	USB 3 . 0 controller chip drivers	neutral
Comes with two stereo audio input cables , the first one died 13 months into use .	stereo audio input cables	neutral
Will run 10 hours or more on a full charge .	charge	neutral
Anyway , I was looking for a bluetooth adapter for my computer .	bluetooth adapter	neutral
If someone is considering to use this USB for a PS3 's accessories like playstation eye or anything else , stay away from this USB .	USB	neutral
If someone is considering to use this USB for a PS3 's accessories like playstation eye or anything else , stay away from this USB .	USB	neutral
Depending on the hardware configuration ( and the extra ' plug - ins ' ) of your laptop / desktop , you may experience static noise and/or latency , regardless of the quality of your headphones and/or speakers .	hardware configuration	neutral
Depending on the hardware configuration ( and the extra ' plug - ins ' ) of your laptop / desktop , you may experience static noise and/or latency , regardless of the quality of your headphones and/or speakers .	headphones	neutral
Depending on the hardware configuration ( and the extra ' plug - ins ' ) of your laptop / desktop , you may experience static noise and/or latency , regardless of the quality of your headphones and/or speakers .	speakers	neutral
I use it for my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10-inch , and the cable is compatible w/o problems and a good length .	cable	neutral
I use it for my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10-inch , and the cable is compatible w/o problems and a good length .	length	neutral
So i gave it to my in - laws and it works VERY well .	works	neutral
My monitor has a bit of backlight bleed and some unevenness in the lighting ( this is hit or miss and varies by monitor ) .	lighting	neutral
I installed VMware Fusion , and now boot Windows XP right from within Mac OS X.	VMware Fusion	neutral
I installed VMware Fusion , and now boot Windows XP right from within Mac OS X.	Windows XP	neutral
The stiching is n't the best as far as being straight and clean	stiching	neutral
I 've probably owned way more flash drives and SD cards than the average person , and I do n't think I 'll buy another brand flash drive ever again .	flash drives	neutral
I 've probably owned way more flash drives and SD cards than the average person , and I do n't think I 'll buy another brand flash drive ever again .	SD cards	neutral
Over time I 'm afraid this will cause the cord to break .	cord	neutral
New drivers are much better .	drivers	neutral
The mouse is a good size ; small enough to carry around with the laptop , but not so tiny that it gives you a hand cramp .	mouse	neutral
The Casem hanging organizer is a God - send for any neat freak .	Casem hanging organizer	neutral
The instructions notwithstanding , at 15 to 20 dollars less than the nearly identical Alfa adapter ( Amazon prices ) , it 's definitely a good buy ( assuming it does n't die , too)!By the way , the delivery time was very prompt -- a few days faster than promised , and the packaging was appropriately robust .	instructions	neutral
The instructions notwithstanding , at 15 to 20 dollars less than the nearly identical Alfa adapter ( Amazon prices ) , it 's definitely a good buy ( assuming it does n't die , too)!By the way , the delivery time was very prompt -- a few days faster than promised , and the packaging was appropriately robust .	Alfa adapter	neutral
The instructions notwithstanding , at 15 to 20 dollars less than the nearly identical Alfa adapter ( Amazon prices ) , it 's definitely a good buy ( assuming it does n't die , too)!By the way , the delivery time was very prompt -- a few days faster than promised , and the packaging was appropriately robust .	delivery time	neutral
The instructions notwithstanding , at 15 to 20 dollars less than the nearly identical Alfa adapter ( Amazon prices ) , it 's definitely a good buy ( assuming it does n't die , too)!By the way , the delivery time was very prompt -- a few days faster than promised , and the packaging was appropriately robust .	packaging	neutral
Firstly , I really like the size of the laptop .	size	neutral
Welp , I am going to end this review here , and just brag about how great this size is , and , in this case , LESS IS TRULY , TRULY , TRULY , so much more .	size	neutral
I really enjoy browsing the web on this and it is super easy to transfer files between this and a computer when you put them on an SD card in the card slot , but the battery life on this is pretty disappointing .	browsing the	neutral
I really enjoy browsing the web on this and it is super easy to transfer files between this and a computer when you put them on an SD card in the card slot , but the battery life on this is pretty disappointing .	SD card	neutral
I really enjoy browsing the web on this and it is super easy to transfer files between this and a computer when you put them on an SD card in the card slot , but the battery life on this is pretty disappointing .	card slot	neutral
I really enjoy browsing the web on this and it is super easy to transfer files between this and a computer when you put them on an SD card in the card slot , but the battery life on this is pretty disappointing .	battery life	neutral
The card works and the card reader works .	card	neutral
The card works and the card reader works .	card reader	neutral
Power supply worked well until a few days ago .	Power supply	neutral
The less powerful model performs 91 % as quickly as the Core i7 model ,	performs	neutral
This wireless adapter is a replacement .	wireless adapter	neutral
Certainly , Ubuntu is easy to use and powerful ; but if you 're the only one you know who has it , then your friends ca n't help you .	Ubuntu	neutral
Certainly , Ubuntu is easy to use and powerful ; but if you 're the only one you know who has it , then your friends ca n't help you .	use	neutral
Since I did not format it for XFS , the performance was not really that good .	XFS	neutral
Since I did not format it for XFS , the performance was not really that good .	performance	neutral
In terms of performance , the notebook is pretty fast ( it has a decent 2 .	performance	neutral
The other thing about the fans is that they are easily replaceable , or even upgradeable : they are standard 3-pin PC case fans , and the manual states that you can use either 120 mm or 140 mm fans with the Storm SF 's mounting hardware .	fans	neutral
The other thing about the fans is that they are easily replaceable , or even upgradeable : they are standard 3-pin PC case fans , and the manual states that you can use either 120 mm or 140 mm fans with the Storm SF 's mounting hardware .	fans	neutral
The other thing about the fans is that they are easily replaceable , or even upgradeable : they are standard 3-pin PC case fans , and the manual states that you can use either 120 mm or 140 mm fans with the Storm SF 's mounting hardware .	fans	neutral
The other thing about the fans is that they are easily replaceable , or even upgradeable : they are standard 3-pin PC case fans , and the manual states that you can use either 120 mm or 140 mm fans with the Storm SF 's mounting hardware .	mounting hardware	neutral
This unit works occasionally with Time Machine .	Time Machine	neutral
This monitor comes with Analog and digital video cables which is nice because the digital video cables give off a much better looking display .	digital video cables	neutral
This monitor comes with Analog and digital video cables which is nice because the digital video cables give off a much better looking display .	display	neutral
But just remember , it 's a netbook , not a Core2Duo 2 .	Core2Duo	neutral
I can make the choppy audio go away by opening the Sound control panel , and keeping it on the recording tab ( go figure ) .	audio	neutral
I can make the choppy audio go away by opening the Sound control panel , and keeping it on the recording tab ( go figure ) .	Sound control panel	neutral
Are the engineers and programmers at SanDisk starving for something to do with their time ?	programmers	neutral
Are the engineers and programmers at SanDisk starving for something to do with their time ?	SanDisk	neutral
If you purchase Rabbit TV , you will get 1 year of free service included .	service	neutral
This company seems to make good hard drives .	hard drives	neutral
, it was like paying for mother board adaptor cables and I got an external power source and a USB adaptor for free .	mother board adaptor cables	neutral
, it was like paying for mother board adaptor cables and I got an external power source and a USB adaptor for free .	external power source	neutral
, it was like paying for mother board adaptor cables and I got an external power source and a USB adaptor for free .	USB adaptor	neutral
Now , the ability to run Windows on Mac notebooks has changed that and it is possible to have the best of both worlds .	Windows	neutral
There are lots of USB to serial adaptors on sale , but they mostly incompatible .	USB to serial adaptors	neutral
For $ 399 , there 's nothing on the market with these specs .	specs	neutral
Screen is super bright and the Tegra games looks and run great .	Screen	neutral
Screen is super bright and the Tegra games looks and run great .	Tegra games	neutral
Had to insert the ssd a few times and finally it closed .	ssd	neutral
I loved the small size and minimal weight , however the plastic case is just that , not very substantial plastic .	size	neutral
I loved the small size and minimal weight , however the plastic case is just that , not very substantial plastic .	weight	neutral
I loved the small size and minimal weight , however the plastic case is just that , not very substantial plastic .	plastic case	neutral
I like that it has double zippers for the top opening and the case unzips not only at the top but also down 2 inches on each side , making it easy to put the tablet in and get it out .	zippers	neutral
I like that it has double zippers for the top opening and the case unzips not only at the top but also down 2 inches on each side , making it easy to put the tablet in and get it out .	case	neutral
I plan to connect them via bluetooth to external speakers so not a big deal for me .	bluetooth	neutral
I plan to connect them via bluetooth to external speakers so not a big deal for me .	external speakers	neutral
The only but that I have is that the orientation of the cable , when plugged in , is opposite of what I need when my device is in its case .	orientation	neutral
The only but that I have is that the orientation of the cable , when plugged in , is opposite of what I need when my device is in its case .	cable	neutral
The handle is not as supportive as it should be	handle	neutral
Construction is quite solid .	Construction	neutral
The transfer speed is n't blinding	transfer speed	neutral
The keyboard cover does provide the following benefts ...	keyboard cover	neutral
I am not a & # 34;techy&#34 ; , so I am not going to give you the technical review of this product .	technical	neutral
To charge or store the MoGo Mouse X54 simply close the kickstandand insert it into the Expresscard/54 slot .	kickstandand	neutral
To charge or store the MoGo Mouse X54 simply close the kickstandand insert it into the Expresscard/54 slot .	Expresscard/54 slot	neutral
They do include adapters , but ironically , none of them work with my growing collection of the most common tablets on the market .	adapters	neutral
so when you flip the case open , it automatically wakes your ipadEvenly - spaced keys for smooth and efficient typingHigh quality case and keyboardCons :	keys	neutral
so when you flip the case open , it automatically wakes your ipadEvenly - spaced keys for smooth and efficient typingHigh quality case and keyboardCons :	typingHigh	neutral
so when you flip the case open , it automatically wakes your ipadEvenly - spaced keys for smooth and efficient typingHigh quality case and keyboardCons :	case	neutral
so when you flip the case open , it automatically wakes your ipadEvenly - spaced keys for smooth and efficient typingHigh quality case and keyboardCons :	keyboardCons	neutral
I mean quality in general , which today is something that we see less and less of all the time .	quality	neutral
Had to reset the cable modem ( unplug , plug back in )	cable modem	neutral
" Ultrabook Sapphire Blue Intel Core i5 3317U ( 1 . 70GHz )	Intel Core i5 3317U	neutral
I am giving it 4 stars , though , instead of 5 , as it is not without some glitches in design .	design	neutral
They suggested updating the drivers- except that does n't work when the hardware is not detected .	drivers-	neutral
They suggested updating the drivers- except that does n't work when the hardware is not detected .	hardware	neutral
Amazon never fails to provide me with the best price for products I seek to purchase .	price	neutral
The angular styling makes these attractive , and the auxiliary input jack is a nice extra in budget speakers .	styling	neutral
The angular styling makes these attractive , and the auxiliary input jack is a nice extra in budget speakers .	auxiliary input jack	neutral
If you seek a highly musical , full range , robust audio solution , look elsewhere .	audio	neutral
I got this so I could go twice as long without a charge .	charge	neutral
It does not become distorted when the volume is raised .	volume	neutral
I still have to do more testing as everyone said more memory would speed up my slow computer , but I have n't seen that effect yet .	memory	neutral
You probably do n't need the extension depending on type of PC you use and you can just plug the nano receiver into the USB .	extension	neutral
You probably do n't need the extension depending on type of PC you use and you can just plug the nano receiver into the USB .	nano receiver	neutral
You probably do n't need the extension depending on type of PC you use and you can just plug the nano receiver into the USB .	USB	neutral
Finally , you 'll find a standard microUSB port .	microUSB port	neutral
At the end of 2006 , when I got this , great laptop webcams were n't really mainstream anyway .	webcams	neutral
However , most software works good .	software	neutral
The same reason why iPad will not charge on most USB ports .	charge	neutral
The same reason why iPad will not charge on most USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
This is also the best price I could find .	price	neutral
I use the TARGUS PA248U Tornado Notebook Chill PadIt is a simple solution .	Chill PadIt	neutral
Immediately after getting it , I opened the brand new sealed package , and card was recognized .	card	neutral
But , I use a mouse when I can .	mouse	neutral
There is even an internal clip in the front compartment for keys .	keys	neutral
Thought I could use this to enable either a USB data connection or a USB power connection so I could use my nexus as a power source ...	USB data connection	neutral
Thought I could use this to enable either a USB data connection or a USB power connection so I could use my nexus as a power source ...	USB power connection	neutral
When I started with this battery , I was getting a little over 1 . 5 hours per charge .	battery	neutral
When I started with this battery , I was getting a little over 1 . 5 hours per charge .	charge	neutral
We used to get his signal intermittently on the laptop , but with this plugged in with the hi - gain antenna , we get 4 out of 5 bars !	signal	neutral
We used to get his signal intermittently on the laptop , but with this plugged in with the hi - gain antenna , we get 4 out of 5 bars !	hi - gain antenna	neutral
The Windows 7 Starter is just that , but it does the job .	Windows 7 Starter	neutral
One last thing - the WebCam camera is 1 . 3 pixels , which was a pleasant surprise .	WebCam camera	neutral
I had another video camera that used minidisks and it was a pain in the neck .	video camera	neutral
I had another video camera that used minidisks and it was a pain in the neck .	minidisks	neutral
Also wondering what bluetooth video camera to use , for video chat , if there even is a bluetooth video camera -- maybe that 's a USB thing .	bluetooth video camera	neutral
Also wondering what bluetooth video camera to use , for video chat , if there even is a bluetooth video camera -- maybe that 's a USB thing .	bluetooth video camera	neutral
Also wondering what bluetooth video camera to use , for video chat , if there even is a bluetooth video camera -- maybe that 's a USB thing .	USB	neutral
These earphones are very similar in sound quality to Bose speakers .	sound quality	neutral
But hey , it has increased my speeds two fold .	speeds	neutral
The case has semi hard sides , and works great for lap protection and keep the bottom vents of the netbook open to air .	case	neutral
The case has semi hard sides , and works great for lap protection and keep the bottom vents of the netbook open to air .	sides	neutral
The case has semi hard sides , and works great for lap protection and keep the bottom vents of the netbook open to air .	bottom vents	neutral
This hub encompasses all of these features and I would sincerely recommend this !	features	neutral
And you sure ca n't beat the price - or the many great scenes to choose from .	price	neutral
The power supply that came with it , did n't work at all .	power supply	neutral
Pictures that are sized 1920x1080 pixels fit the screen perfectly and are very sharp .	screen	neutral
In my opinion , there is some kind of a very subtle hardware problem that causes hard disk problems to gradually accumulate .	hardware	neutral
In my opinion , there is some kind of a very subtle hardware problem that causes hard disk problems to gradually accumulate .	hard disk	neutral
Good price and 2 days delivery using PRIME .	price	neutral
Good price and 2 days delivery using PRIME .	delivery	neutral
I ordered this to convert rca video to vga for a home security camera .	vga	neutral
I love the vent holes cut out on the bottom , and the feet to prop it up .	vent holes	neutral
I love the vent holes cut out on the bottom , and the feet to prop it up .	feet	neutral
One thing to lookout for is the size .	size	neutral
I have n't had any issues with Wi - Fi connectivity .	Wi - Fi connectivity	neutral
So no need to worry about getting Charge memory problems .	Charge memory	neutral
I am not afraid to leave in in my MacBookPro when transporting it because the profile is negligible .	profile	neutral
While the product fits and works with my Dell M1330 , my AC adapter will not charge it .	AC adapter	neutral
I 'd have to get a 12 . 1 " for that , and none seem to have the combination of features that this little jewel has .	features	neutral
so i went to their site to find no drivers or anything i need to get it to work now its a piece of junk	drivers	neutral
I decided to buy this Logitech USB powered speaker for it 's portability .	USB powered speaker	neutral
I decided to buy this Logitech USB powered speaker for it 's portability .	portability	neutral
The 8 GB is key for me because videos take up a lot of space .	8 GB	neutral
It is very flexible allowing easy handling and the stylus has very good reaction and convenience !	stylus	neutral
The construction quality is ' built - to - last ' , and it has a zipper which covers your stuff from weather in a weather ' resistant ' compartment .	construction quality	neutral
The construction quality is ' built - to - last ' , and it has a zipper which covers your stuff from weather in a weather ' resistant ' compartment .	zipper	neutral
The black case around the silver keyboard / palm rest is a really good looking combination .	silver keyboard / palm rest	neutral
Plenty of memory , fas processor and full HD screen are great .	memory	neutral
Plenty of memory , fas processor and full HD screen are great .	fas processor	neutral
Plenty of memory , fas processor and full HD screen are great .	HD screen	neutral
Great battery life .	battery life	neutral
Just like a brand new IBM battery and a cheaper price with the same quality .	battery	neutral
Just like a brand new IBM battery and a cheaper price with the same quality .	price	neutral
Just like a brand new IBM battery and a cheaper price with the same quality .	quality	neutral
I believe that with a few minutes of work with an exacto knife I can get both locks to engage/	locks	neutral
It did come with a snap into place holder to hold disk drive in and also two screws to insert into the back to hold drive .	disk drive	neutral
It did come with a snap into place holder to hold disk drive in and also two screws to insert into the back to hold drive .	drive	neutral
This kind of cable is already powering up one of my two Socket 940 AMD boxes ( used for NAS , ' rsync ' backup , etc ) and a reliable but not perfectly cable - matched power supply and an identical one is being burn - in tested now .	power supply	neutral
It curves up the front of the pack a little bit , to account for the footprint of the bag increasing as you cram it full of stuff .	footprint	neutral
Maybe I 'll try a Dell next and pay less for wrong - support - docsSo a Y570 with BIOS 2 .	support	neutral
Maybe I 'll try a Dell next and pay less for wrong - support - docsSo a Y570 with BIOS 2 .	BIOS 2	neutral
you want dedicated graphics but ca n't stomach the high price , get the refurbished mid 2012 model - they are being sold at great ,	graphics	neutral
you want dedicated graphics but ca n't stomach the high price , get the refurbished mid 2012 model - they are being sold at great ,	price	neutral
It allows for easy current flow and sturdy connections .	current flow	neutral
It allows for easy current flow and sturdy connections .	connections	neutral
Regardless , there is also a mini jack in the back which you can use and , irrespective of bad MP3 data , it delivers the best actual stereo fidelity sound ( as long as you use Apple Lossless or other lossless codec ) .	mini jack	neutral
Regardless , there is also a mini jack in the back which you can use and , irrespective of bad MP3 data , it delivers the best actual stereo fidelity sound ( as long as you use Apple Lossless or other lossless codec ) .	MP3 data	neutral
Regardless , there is also a mini jack in the back which you can use and , irrespective of bad MP3 data , it delivers the best actual stereo fidelity sound ( as long as you use Apple Lossless or other lossless codec ) .	stereo fidelity sound	neutral
I bought the battery and it lasted me a week before it died .	battery	neutral
I was initially skeptical about the whole SpeedBooster claims .	SpeedBooster claims	neutral
EXACTLY like your original Apple battery .	battery	neutral
There are a couple of magnets to help keep certain parts closed .	magnets	neutral
You can watch movies on this thing , just make sure you buy a bigger sd card .	sd card	neutral
These ones are made in the factory next door and they work the same for a fraction of the cost .	cost	neutral
The HP website states battery life is 9 hours .	battery life	neutral
My Samsung does not perform as well and I avoid talking about it .	perform	neutral
Good strong case and that protects well even if dropped ( not recommended )	case	neutral
ASUS is STILL releasing updates for this tablet , in addition to including useful programs with the tablet ( and rolling out new ASUS software , such as their stylus input program which works amazing well ! ) .	programs	neutral
ASUS is STILL releasing updates for this tablet , in addition to including useful programs with the tablet ( and rolling out new ASUS software , such as their stylus input program which works amazing well ! ) .	software	neutral
ASUS is STILL releasing updates for this tablet , in addition to including useful programs with the tablet ( and rolling out new ASUS software , such as their stylus input program which works amazing well ! ) .	stylus input program	neutral
but this adaptor does not work to connect the dvi monitor to my new MacBook Pro .	adaptor	neutral
but this adaptor does not work to connect the dvi monitor to my new MacBook Pro .	dvi monitor	neutral
The battery fit is tight and otherwise precise , so this minor annoyance that took only a few minutes to fix with a nail file will be fast forgotten .	battery fit	neutral
Move the USB outlets to the other end of the device , or put them on the top , just get them away from the end with the plug , and things will be better .	USB outlets	neutral
Move the USB outlets to the other end of the device , or put them on the top , just get them away from the end with the plug , and things will be better .	plug	neutral
What if Microsoft did n't provide you Windows Updates after owning your shiny new Packard Bell for 9 months ?	Windows Updates	neutral
I use this for the optical drive from my Late 2008 MacBook Pro ( first generation unibody ) .	optical drive	neutral
It is able to obtain power from the WD player without any trouble .	power	neutral
It is able to obtain power from the WD player without any trouble .	WD player	neutral
I even bought a new laptop hoping the Archos 7 would sync to the Vista Home Premium Windows media player .	Archos 7	neutral
I even bought a new laptop hoping the Archos 7 would sync to the Vista Home Premium Windows media player .	Vista Home Premium	neutral
I even bought a new laptop hoping the Archos 7 would sync to the Vista Home Premium Windows media player .	Windows media player	neutral
Where the Titanium felt flimsy and was subject to pits , scratches and dings ( because of the painted surface ) , this one can take a pounding with its anodized aluminum exterior .	aluminum exterior	neutral
Finally , I hit the power switch on the back of the On Stage II , turned my Mini on , and was in business .	power switch	neutral
Your USB cord hides under the " leg " .	USB cord	neutral
Comes with a low profile bracket as well , even with the card pushed up against my back wall I still get full signal .	card	neutral
Comes with a low profile bracket as well , even with the card pushed up against my back wall I still get full signal .	signal	neutral
Something besides the original packaging any who .	packaging	neutral
Does n't require any extra pressure for me to type on rubber keyboard .	rubber keyboard	neutral
I disconnected from the first connection that was surely the internal antenna and made sure I was using the & # 8220;new&#8221 ; connection .	internal antenna	neutral
The gold plated connectors and cable appearance is of good quality and a good choice to use as a USB data cable .	cable appearance	neutral
The gold plated connectors and cable appearance is of good quality and a good choice to use as a USB data cable .	USB data cable	neutral
After all the good reviews on this item I had high expectations for these speakers .	speakers	neutral
I bought this for using the car vacuum cleaner at home , the Vacuum Cleaner is rated 12V , 2 Amp , and this DC adapter is rated 7A , but this DC adapter is not able to power up the Vacuum Cleaner , it is a waste of money .	vacuum cleaner	neutral
I bought this for using the car vacuum cleaner at home , the Vacuum Cleaner is rated 12V , 2 Amp , and this DC adapter is rated 7A , but this DC adapter is not able to power up the Vacuum Cleaner , it is a waste of money .	Vacuum Cleaner	neutral
I bought this for using the car vacuum cleaner at home , the Vacuum Cleaner is rated 12V , 2 Amp , and this DC adapter is rated 7A , but this DC adapter is not able to power up the Vacuum Cleaner , it is a waste of money .	DC adapter	neutral
I bought this for using the car vacuum cleaner at home , the Vacuum Cleaner is rated 12V , 2 Amp , and this DC adapter is rated 7A , but this DC adapter is not able to power up the Vacuum Cleaner , it is a waste of money .	DC adapter	neutral
I bought this for using the car vacuum cleaner at home , the Vacuum Cleaner is rated 12V , 2 Amp , and this DC adapter is rated 7A , but this DC adapter is not able to power up the Vacuum Cleaner , it is a waste of money .	Vacuum Cleaner	neutral
I bought the extra ram , but after 90 odd days , I have yet to bother to install it !	extra ram	neutral
There is absolutely no excuse for the lousy performance in this area .	performance	neutral
compress the footage , and there 's less money left over to put into the optics and sensor .	optics	neutral
compress the footage , and there 's less money left over to put into the optics and sensor .	sensor	neutral
However , I was n't able to tell from pics if those guards block the vent directly behind them -- I hope for Kuzy buyers with 15&#34 ; late-2013 MBPs , that there are slots to allow airflow out -- otherwise their shell is a potential liability .	vent	neutral
Two prong connector comes out of power supply a bit too easy .	power supply	neutral
.Many of the reviews note that once you plug in the USB transmitter your sound card directs all its signal to the receiver .	USB transmitter	neutral
.Many of the reviews note that once you plug in the USB transmitter your sound card directs all its signal to the receiver .	sound card	neutral
The text on the N800 screen is rather small .	N800 screen	neutral
I have not experienced the annoying sounds reported by other reviewers .	sounds	neutral
just close the plastic lid .	plastic lid	neutral
This 94005 unit has buttons on the front to pause and stop the music so you do not need to access your phone or device inside that stores your music .	buttons	neutral
I love this Chrome book ..... integration with all Google apps is awesome .	Google apps	neutral
Strangely enough this blower works better than the one that came with the Laptop ( HP DV7 ) .	blower	neutral
Upon further inspection , eyeballing at an angle I find hard to describe , I can see an imperfection in the form of the aluminum , as if it was bent .	aluminum	neutral
and it is a good deal for the price , IMO .	price	neutral
I plugged it in and Windows automatically installed the drivers .	Windows	neutral
I plugged it in and Windows automatically installed the drivers .	drivers	neutral
Targus has shrunk the footprint by about an inch all around on the new model .	footprint	neutral
This charger from day 1 was built stronger , and I have not had a problem since .	charger	neutral
They include some adhesive hard plastic spacers that stick onto the end of the lock so that it is snug against your computer .	lock	neutral
and you can download most android / chrome apps to it .	android	neutral
and you can download most android / chrome apps to it .	chrome apps	neutral
The bass driver is HUGE !	bass driver	neutral
( forget it if you have a touch - screen ! ) .	touch - screen	neutral
I even carry the XPad in my computer bag because , on most flights in economy class , there is n't enough room between me and the seat in front of me to extend the monitor to the proper position .	monitor	neutral
1A , and the 5W iPhone charger is 5V at 1A.	5W iPhone charger	neutral
First , Zagg is really really stingy with the amount of application solution they provide you .	application solution	neutral
I have charged the receiver for more than 6 hours .	receiver	neutral
I am always seeing great signal strength with Windows 8 . 1 .	signal strength	neutral
I am always seeing great signal strength with Windows 8 . 1 .	Windows 8 . 1	neutral
I like the design .	design	neutral
However , when you have enough hardware crammed in a laptop that would put most tower PCs to shame , a little extra weight is to be expected .	hardware	neutral
However , when you have enough hardware crammed in a laptop that would put most tower PCs to shame , a little extra weight is to be expected .	weight	neutral
" plastic tabs that prop the speaker up off the surface and allow the sound to dissipate .	sound	neutral
They have a nice heft , soft touch and solid feel to them .	touch	neutral
Current standard def has black bars at the left and right sides of the screen when set to 4x3 size ( to get the whole image ) .	screen	neutral
Windows 8 proved hard to get use to but keep using it	Windows 8	neutral
The bios is also limited , with very few settings .	bios	neutral
Startup ( including automatically starting Outlook ) took over 90 seconds .	Startup	neutral
The neoprene material is nice , the handle is somewhat secure , but I also wanted to put my other hand under the bag just in case the handle breaks off .	neoprene material	neutral
The neoprene material is nice , the handle is somewhat secure , but I also wanted to put my other hand under the bag just in case the handle breaks off .	handle	neutral
The neoprene material is nice , the handle is somewhat secure , but I also wanted to put my other hand under the bag just in case the handle breaks off .	handle	neutral
so just using one video output .	video output	neutral
Literally my only complaint is that the compartment for books or larger items is a little too small , it might not accomodate very large textbooks	compartment	neutral
At the end of the day , the price difference was n't that big of a deal , and I am happy with my choice to go with the OWC Data Doubler .	price	neutral
At the end of the day , the price difference was n't that big of a deal , and I am happy with my choice to go with the OWC Data Doubler .	OWC Data Doubler	neutral
Not only does it take pressure off my wrists and hands when typing , it also bumps up the height of the laptop screen several inches .	height	neutral
Not only does it take pressure off my wrists and hands when typing , it also bumps up the height of the laptop screen several inches .	screen	neutral
Nice fidelity but not much volume through internal speakers ; excellent signal through 3 .	internal speakers	neutral
Nice fidelity but not much volume through internal speakers ; excellent signal through 3 .	signal	neutral
Of course , it was from before I had upgraded Internet Explorer , so IE no longer worked , and I had to reinstall Internet Explorer .	Internet Explorer	neutral
Of course , it was from before I had upgraded Internet Explorer , so IE no longer worked , and I had to reinstall Internet Explorer .	IE	neutral
Of course , it was from before I had upgraded Internet Explorer , so IE no longer worked , and I had to reinstall Internet Explorer .	Internet Explorer	neutral
I got this computer at a really good price when my I3 1 TB 2 . 2 GHz 8 GB RAM Gateway was damaged by lightening .	price	neutral
I got this computer at a really good price when my I3 1 TB 2 . 2 GHz 8 GB RAM Gateway was damaged by lightening .	I3	neutral
I got this computer at a really good price when my I3 1 TB 2 . 2 GHz 8 GB RAM Gateway was damaged by lightening .	1 TB	neutral
I got this computer at a really good price when my I3 1 TB 2 . 2 GHz 8 GB RAM Gateway was damaged by lightening .	8 GB RAM	neutral
Overall , I like the sound quality of the Sony better than the i300 , but we 're talking about rather small differences , I 'd say .	sound quality	neutral
Before with the dual band USB N750	dual band USB N750	neutral
Thank you to all that mentioned going to the bios so that the memory would be recognized .	bios	neutral
Thank you to all that mentioned going to the bios so that the memory would be recognized .	memory	neutral
I was surprised at how well built and good looking this guy was out of the package .	built	neutral
A smaller power adapter is a plus as well ; will easily fit into the front pocket of theCase Logic LNEO-12 12 .	power adapter	neutral
I 've gotten at least three complete phone recharges out of one battery backup charge .	battery backup charge	neutral
So when we decided to drop a computer in our kitchen for our kids to use we obviously did n't think to have a CAT-5 cable run to the kitchen pantry for the tower ( long story as to why it 's there ) .	CAT-5 cable	neutral
The inertial scrolling is a keeper though.-	inertial scrolling	neutral
So I returned the mouse and instead bought aLogitech LS1 Laser Mouse .	mouse	neutral
Plugs into a USB port and blows a fan to keep my laptop cool .	USB port	neutral
Plugs into a USB port and blows a fan to keep my laptop cool .	fan	neutral
These accessories ( necessary for many people ) will cost as much as a decent PC computer ! 3 ) Some older software wo n't run or will have problems .	software	neutral
Because of the convenient size , weight , and its durability .	size	neutral
Because of the convenient size , weight , and its durability .	weight	neutral
Because of the convenient size , weight , and its durability .	durability	neutral
It can get confusing shopping for certain things online , especially with the pro and con reviews that accompany the merchandise , but I am glad I listened to the favorable reviews of this product because it was just what I wanted / needed and at a decent price as well .	price	neutral
I waited for several months to get a wireless mouse because I did n't know which one to buy .	wireless mouse	neutral
The shoulder strap is especially handy .	shoulder strap	neutral
There is a PIP function , but no button on the remote to access it .	PIP function	neutral
There is a PIP function , but no button on the remote to access it .	remote	neutral
And certainly it 's high - speed performance ( when matched with a compatible WAP ) is a benefit , and a cheaper option than other , faster wireless standards .	high - speed performance	neutral
And certainly it 's high - speed performance ( when matched with a compatible WAP ) is a benefit , and a cheaper option than other , faster wireless standards .	wireless standards	neutral
In terms of hardware the DV4 is a nice computer and now the software is improving .	hardware	neutral
In terms of hardware the DV4 is a nice computer and now the software is improving .	software	neutral
Thank you Anker for the awesome quality of your Charger / Adapter .	Charger / Adapter	neutral
I 've connected it to a usb extension cable and will bear with it until I can get a good gaming mouse .	usb extension cable	neutral
I 've connected it to a usb extension cable and will bear with it until I can get a good gaming mouse .	gaming mouse	neutral
While the & # 8220;Mega Bass&#8221 ; setting might be quite an exaggeration , it sounds much richer and mellower , and as far as I&#8217;m concerned , this is the permanent setting for the Boomax . & # 8220;Mega Bass&#8221 ; provides a more balanced sound .	sound	neutral
The sound quality was surprisingly good , and it has a non - slip base that also serves to enhance the sound quality when placed on the desktop .	sound quality	neutral
The sound quality was surprisingly good , and it has a non - slip base that also serves to enhance the sound quality when placed on the desktop .	sound quality	neutral
The built in audio jack makes this mini speaker even more portable .	built in audio jack	neutral
It is slightly heavier and bigger then some other models and when true portability above all is required you may want to choose to go with either no mouse at all or some extra small Bluetooth model that wo n't get an extra precious USB slot .	portability	neutral
It is slightly heavier and bigger then some other models and when true portability above all is required you may want to choose to go with either no mouse at all or some extra small Bluetooth model that wo n't get an extra precious USB slot .	mouse	neutral
It is slightly heavier and bigger then some other models and when true portability above all is required you may want to choose to go with either no mouse at all or some extra small Bluetooth model that wo n't get an extra precious USB slot .	Bluetooth	neutral
It is slightly heavier and bigger then some other models and when true portability above all is required you may want to choose to go with either no mouse at all or some extra small Bluetooth model that wo n't get an extra precious USB slot .	USB slot	neutral
With 4 GB of ram I have not been able to " bog " the computer down , and with 500 GB HD it should last for many years before filling up .	4 GB of ram	neutral
With 4 GB of ram I have not been able to " bog " the computer down , and with 500 GB HD it should last for many years before filling up .	500 GB HD	neutral
Unfortunately , this fan is not the way to go .	fan	neutral
Overall and particularly at this price , definitely recommended !	price	neutral
The laptop 's power supply cord and several CDs / DVDs fit easily into the main pocket along with the laptop .	power supply cord	neutral
Another modification I will be doing in the near future is to upgrade the Hard drive to a solid state HD , this will surely increase the speeds of this machine .	Hard drive	neutral
Another modification I will be doing in the near future is to upgrade the Hard drive to a solid state HD , this will surely increase the speeds of this machine .	speeds	neutral
These are perfect protectors and they fit perfectly .	protectors	neutral
Today my wife called for me from the other room where she was working on her HP laptop ( with this charger ) .	charger	neutral
But by the way , the reason why I 'm updating this review is because mostly people talk about the specs , but I wanted to talk more about how comforting physically it is to use this laptop .	specs	neutral
Also many people & critical reviewers have said that win8 is not good enough .	win8	neutral
Case feels a little flimsy and flexes under its own weight when carried- Bloatware is annoying .	Case	neutral
Case feels a little flimsy and flexes under its own weight when carried- Bloatware is annoying .	weight	neutral
Case feels a little flimsy and flexes under its own weight when carried- Bloatware is annoying .	Bloatware	neutral
I like the concept .	concept	neutral
Oh , if you purchase something from their website ( I got three extra batteries for this unit at approx $ 100 ) , they want to confirm you are who you say you are if you use a credit card .	batteries	neutral
I would ruin the pins , but it was fine .	pins	neutral
It has the light weight and simplicity of a tablet and some of the versatility of a laptop .	simplicity	neutral
It has the light weight and simplicity of a tablet and some of the versatility of a laptop .	versatility	neutral
Thus far this battery has worked	battery	neutral
good adjustibilty , nice looks , does what it is supposed to do ! ! !	adjustibilty	neutral
good adjustibilty , nice looks , does what it is supposed to do ! ! !	looks	neutral
1 machine without any additional drivers required .	drivers	neutral
The fit is great ( no movement of the tablet in the case ) and all buttons are accessible .	buttons	neutral
Great construction and nice modern look that goes well with your equipment .	construction	neutral
Great construction and nice modern look that goes well with your equipment .	look	neutral
A full charge seems to last the same as original battery .	charge	neutral
A full charge seems to last the same as original battery .	battery	neutral
The speed is good and I can scan the net with no problem .	speed	neutral
No , there is no firmware update .	firmware update	neutral
I did not want a Starter Edition of Windows 7 on a netbook .	Windows 7	neutral
I have to say if you are a man with big hands you will find it hard to use any keyboard this size .	keyboard	neutral
The cloths work reasonably well and are certainly worth buying .	cloths	neutral
I had ordered 2 replacement power supplies before this ( via Amazon ) & neither had a brand name just & # 34;Made in China&#34 ; & neither worked properly .	power supplies	neutral
K360 orthe Logitech Wireless Solar Keyboard K750those keyboards are tested and known to work with heavy gaming	Wireless Solar Keyboard	neutral
K360 orthe Logitech Wireless Solar Keyboard K750those keyboards are tested and known to work with heavy gaming	keyboards	neutral
K360 orthe Logitech Wireless Solar Keyboard K750those keyboards are tested and known to work with heavy gaming	gaming	neutral
yet protective case for my MBP that still had room for the charger and a few adapters .	charger	neutral
I live in NY and it is the most cumbersome thing ... also the conversion to messenger back throws the whole center of gravity off	messenger back	neutral
etc.--in short any electronic gadget with a mini 5-pin USB port that you can charge	5-pin	neutral
etc.--in short any electronic gadget with a mini 5-pin USB port that you can charge	USB port	neutral
I like the plain , neutral color also .	color	neutral
After confirming that the second adapter worked on the computer in question ( and that the now non - functioning adapter did not work on our other computer ) and reinstalling the driver , to no avail , I have concluded that the adapter has died .	adapter	neutral
After confirming that the second adapter worked on the computer in question ( and that the now non - functioning adapter did not work on our other computer ) and reinstalling the driver , to no avail , I have concluded that the adapter has died .	adapter	neutral
After confirming that the second adapter worked on the computer in question ( and that the now non - functioning adapter did not work on our other computer ) and reinstalling the driver , to no avail , I have concluded that the adapter has died .	driver	neutral
My first attempt was using the SSD in slot 1 for both Mac and Vista , but it would not allow me to install both - apparently a known issue .	SSD	neutral
My first attempt was using the SSD in slot 1 for both Mac and Vista , but it would not allow me to install both - apparently a known issue .	Vista	neutral
I decided to buy a external hard drive to keep my movies and projects on .	external hard drive	neutral
The version you get with this drive is a limited edition .	drive	neutral
* Great keyboard shortcuts .	keyboard shortcuts	neutral
Padding is not as thick as I would have liked , but acceptable .	Padding	neutral
The software is fairly customisable and is surprisingly ' Mac - like ' .	software	neutral
Works perfectly .	Works	neutral
So now I have this cable dangling all over the place and the USB end of the cable does n't really fit when you close the case .	cable	neutral
So now I have this cable dangling all over the place and the USB end of the cable does n't really fit when you close the case .	USB end of the cable	neutral
Some mid - level rearrangement , however , and an upgrade to non - basic version , and the system functions well .	system	neutral
I took advantage of , the MacBook Air would almost be worth any price tag Apple could put on it .	price	neutral
I think the mouse is a little cheap looking	mouse	neutral
If they would have used an opaque ink when printing the letters on the keys it would have worked much better .	keys	neutral
I mostly wanted it for blu - ray discs and documentary shows .	blu - ray discs	neutral
The little prop stand and wire storage door are fairly cheap and flimsy , but I think that they will work just fine .	prop stand	neutral
The little prop stand and wire storage door are fairly cheap and flimsy , but I think that they will work just fine .	wire storage door	neutral
The inside of the pouch itself is done in grey neoprene .	pouch	neutral
These Altec Lansing PC speakers strike a nice balance between the two .	speakers	neutral
No phone modem .	phone modem	neutral
April 2014 : 8 months ago I upgraded to 4Gb of RAM ( the max that this machine supports ) and swapped out the mechanical hard drive with an SSD drive .	4Gb of RAM	neutral
April 2014 : 8 months ago I upgraded to 4Gb of RAM ( the max that this machine supports ) and swapped out the mechanical hard drive with an SSD drive .	mechanical hard drive	neutral
April 2014 : 8 months ago I upgraded to 4Gb of RAM ( the max that this machine supports ) and swapped out the mechanical hard drive with an SSD drive .	SSD drive	neutral
No restore software .	restore software	neutral
6 Linux Kernel series .	Linux Kernel series	neutral
I was looking for something to help me when I use my Logitech headset , because I was using the USB adapter	USB adapter	neutral
so I ca n't comment on long - term performance .	performance	neutral
The supplied software is pretty good for helping identify and select new networks , though it does take a few minutes to switch to a new network .	supplied software	neutral
For instance , if I move my cursor to the lower right corner , all currently open windows are displayed so you can effortlessly switch between them or if you move the cursor to the bottom left , the desktop is displayed .	cursor	neutral
For instance , if I move my cursor to the lower right corner , all currently open windows are displayed so you can effortlessly switch between them or if you move the cursor to the bottom left , the desktop is displayed .	cursor	neutral
I got this drive to backup my 200 GB macbook pro .	drive	neutral
But unfortunately the card has no ' locking ' type of connection .	card	neutral
I plan to measure the output voltage periodically to make sure it 's not drifting .	output voltage	neutral
This is a great keyboard for a number of reasons , although it is not perfect .	keyboard	neutral
It 's fast , well priced , attractive also , and has none of the case design issues mentioned .	case design	neutral
Currently , I have it setup with my Macbook on DVI and Audio and Xbox through HDMI .	DVI	neutral
Currently , I have it setup with my Macbook on DVI and Audio and Xbox through HDMI .	HDMI	neutral
I am super picky and want high end display and faster processor .	display	neutral
I am super picky and want high end display and faster processor .	processor	neutral
They are hard plastic and made so that one handle fits into the other .	handle	neutral
I updated windows and installed the latest touchpad driver from Elantech , version 10 .	windows	neutral
I updated windows and installed the latest touchpad driver from Elantech , version 10 .	touchpad driver	neutral
You can accidentally press the Power button ... it must be disabled in control panel - Power settingsDon't Like- Missing 6th row in the keyboard for functions will keep you looking at the keyboard and will make you loose time or wo nt write more fluently .	Power button	neutral
You can accidentally press the Power button ... it must be disabled in control panel - Power settingsDon't Like- Missing 6th row in the keyboard for functions will keep you looking at the keyboard and will make you loose time or wo nt write more fluently .	control panel	neutral
You can accidentally press the Power button ... it must be disabled in control panel - Power settingsDon't Like- Missing 6th row in the keyboard for functions will keep you looking at the keyboard and will make you loose time or wo nt write more fluently .	Power settingsDon't	neutral
You can accidentally press the Power button ... it must be disabled in control panel - Power settingsDon't Like- Missing 6th row in the keyboard for functions will keep you looking at the keyboard and will make you loose time or wo nt write more fluently .	keyboard	neutral
You can accidentally press the Power button ... it must be disabled in control panel - Power settingsDon't Like- Missing 6th row in the keyboard for functions will keep you looking at the keyboard and will make you loose time or wo nt write more fluently .	keyboard	neutral
Perhaps the only perk of this product for me is that it works with BT4/5 while penetration testing my own network .	BT4/5	neutral
The price was very reasonable compared to what else is available at retail .	price	neutral
I really like the fact that this laptop has 2 video cards .	video cards	neutral
* * work with dynamic microphones , although because of their low signal level , I would expect to have to crank the signal dial up .	dynamic microphones	neutral
* * work with dynamic microphones , although because of their low signal level , I would expect to have to crank the signal dial up .	signal level	neutral
Fits perfectly and works great .	works	neutral
Overall , for the price and design , I would recommend this product .	price	neutral
Overall , for the price and design , I would recommend this product .	design	neutral
... my fault - did n't notice amp rating ( ~.4amp ! )	amp rating	neutral
so I do n't use the top part of the case , but	case	neutral
The case is really hard to take off .	case	neutral
I am glad I got this chill mat with the fans rather than the newer one that is adjustable .	chill mat	neutral
I am glad I got this chill mat with the fans rather than the newer one that is adjustable .	fans	neutral
Got this one to take on the road , and do n't want to take two headphonesBut still can not get the mike part to work with the phone switch	headphonesBut	neutral
Got this one to take on the road , and do n't want to take two headphonesBut still can not get the mike part to work with the phone switch	mike part	neutral
Got this one to take on the road , and do n't want to take two headphonesBut still can not get the mike part to work with the phone switch	phone switch	neutral
The only complaint that I have is with the design of the elastic strap that keeps the case closed .	design	neutral
The only complaint that I have is with the design of the elastic strap that keeps the case closed .	elastic strap	neutral
The only complaint that I have is with the design of the elastic strap that keeps the case closed .	case	neutral
NOT TRUE -- the keyboard CAN be set to stay on all the time .	keyboard	neutral
& in memory category is the change it went form a 5 .	memory category	neutral
The HDD is very surprising .	HDD	neutral
It has an inner hard shell to protect to the screen while the Thrive is inside .	screen	neutral
One has the 64 bit , the other two are bot 32 bit OS computers .	64 bit	neutral
I was a tad skeptical about it at first because of the price	price	neutral
He can now hear things on his laptop that he had to do actual heavy lifting to hear , and can put the speakers close to his ear .	speakers	neutral
and the small power supply is a nice change from the bricks that some manufacturers supply with notebooks .	power supply	neutral
Several useful controls and looks good also .	controls	neutral
Most other splitters are rigid and bulky .	splitters	neutral
Battery life is good - three AAAs will last you a month or two with conservative daily use .	Battery life	neutral
I did n't notice the accessories compartment was held in place by zippers .	accessories compartment	neutral
I did n't notice the accessories compartment was held in place by zippers .	zippers	neutral
I think this is a great computer for the price .	price	neutral
I was told the problem was that it sucked too much power from the USB bus .	power	neutral
I was told the problem was that it sucked too much power from the USB bus .	USB bus	neutral
All things considered it 's an amazingly solid , well designed quality product , and I like it a lot .	designed	neutral
Unfortunately , because of some poor design choices , maximum utility is not achieved .	design	neutral
Unfortunately , because of some poor design choices , maximum utility is not achieved .	maximum utility	neutral
Now , back with my 486/80 running Dos 6 . 22 , I was always putting stuff in and taking things out .	Dos 6	neutral
This caddy made it super simple for me to remove my old CD / DVD drive , and install an additional hard drive into my early 2008 Macbook Pro 15&#34;.	caddy	neutral
This caddy made it super simple for me to remove my old CD / DVD drive , and install an additional hard drive into my early 2008 Macbook Pro 15&#34;.	CD / DVD drive	neutral
This caddy made it super simple for me to remove my old CD / DVD drive , and install an additional hard drive into my early 2008 Macbook Pro 15&#34;.	hard drive	neutral
Pros ( compared to Windows machines):+ Hands down , best battery life in the industry , when compared to similarly spec'd machines .	battery life	neutral
So far it works fine functionally .	works	neutral
with the limited onboard storage of only 16 gb , my linux install must remain pretty light , but there is also a storage upgrade coming out soon for this acer .	onboard storage	neutral
with the limited onboard storage of only 16 gb , my linux install must remain pretty light , but there is also a storage upgrade coming out soon for this acer .	linux install	neutral
with the limited onboard storage of only 16 gb , my linux install must remain pretty light , but there is also a storage upgrade coming out soon for this acer .	storage	neutral
Otherwise , as with all Bose products , you will appreciate the stunning quality and performance .	quality	neutral
Otherwise , as with all Bose products , you will appreciate the stunning quality and performance .	performance	neutral
most bluetooth speakers do not have the audio out****.	bluetooth speakers	neutral
most bluetooth speakers do not have the audio out****.	audio out****.	neutral
I have it mounted on a wall in our basement billiard room , where we use it to occasionally watch a program or listen to music ( with in ceiling speakers ) while hanging out .	speakers	neutral
I was trying to reattach it ( why they ca n't just snap on and off like a desktop keyboard , I do n't know ) , but I then managed to also break off the " I " key .	" I " key	neutral
The flaps are large enough for me to reach and retrieve my Nikon D90 with power grip installed .	flaps	neutral
The flaps are large enough for me to reach and retrieve my Nikon D90 with power grip installed .	power grip	neutral
I can deal with the size easily and love that it is a spinner type .	size	neutral
As long as you keep the remote in A PLACE that you sure you can remember or find it later , the key finder works like a charm ( if you lose the remote , there is no easy way to locate them ) .	remote	neutral
As long as you keep the remote in A PLACE that you sure you can remember or find it later , the key finder works like a charm ( if you lose the remote , there is no easy way to locate them ) .	key finder	neutral
As long as you keep the remote in A PLACE that you sure you can remember or find it later , the key finder works like a charm ( if you lose the remote , there is no easy way to locate them ) .	remote	neutral
It has tons of features , superb build quality , and excellent padding .	features	neutral
It has tons of features , superb build quality , and excellent padding .	build quality	neutral
It has tons of features , superb build quality , and excellent padding .	padding	neutral
Once I installed a 600 watt COTS P / S inside this dell tower & # 34;test configuration unit&#34 ; , the USB signals became & # 34;Rock	USB signals	neutral
Although there is no sub - woofer and therefore limited range , I find the sound is adequate for my primary applications - watching movies online and some limited music samples .	sub - woofer	neutral
Although there is no sub - woofer and therefore limited range , I find the sound is adequate for my primary applications - watching movies online and some limited music samples .	range	neutral
Although there is no sub - woofer and therefore limited range , I find the sound is adequate for my primary applications - watching movies online and some limited music samples .	sound	neutral
The memory is easy to upgrade , but swapping the drive is a booger !	memory	neutral
The memory is easy to upgrade , but swapping the drive is a booger !	drive	neutral
It seems that the Elec .	Elec .	neutral
At not even half volume on the E5 , I had the music level I wanted , and it was incredible .	music level	neutral
GET THESE SPEAKERS ! !	SPEAKERS	neutral
It also comes with a keyboard protector , which looks great .	keyboard protector	neutral
The feel of the keyboard is also really great , for comparisson I also work with a Lenovo laptop , those laptops always get good reviews for their keyboards , but in my opinnion the keyboard on this machine has a little bit more of " clic " that I ca n't just but love .	keyboard	neutral
The feel of the keyboard is also really great , for comparisson I also work with a Lenovo laptop , those laptops always get good reviews for their keyboards , but in my opinnion the keyboard on this machine has a little bit more of " clic " that I ca n't just but love .	keyboards	neutral
The feel of the keyboard is also really great , for comparisson I also work with a Lenovo laptop , those laptops always get good reviews for their keyboards , but in my opinnion the keyboard on this machine has a little bit more of " clic " that I ca n't just but love .	keyboard	neutral
I 've installed games such as Fallout 3 , Fallout New Vegas , Deadspace 2 , Starcraft 2 , and Just Cause 2 .	games	neutral
If you are looking for a very nice mouse that works well and feels very nice , then give this mouse a try .	mouse	neutral
If you are looking for a very nice mouse that works well and feels very nice , then give this mouse a try .	mouse	neutral
This likely means it 's going to be very easy at some point to replace the smallish SSD with a larger capacity , off the shelf SSD with a proper connection adapter ( the space below the trackpad allows for a commonly available , 7 mm height SSD with regard to fit , though the connection is different ) .	connection adapter	neutral
This likely means it 's going to be very easy at some point to replace the smallish SSD with a larger capacity , off the shelf SSD with a proper connection adapter ( the space below the trackpad allows for a commonly available , 7 mm height SSD with regard to fit , though the connection is different ) .	trackpad	neutral
I did n't give it one star , because if you can verify you have tapered spring contacts , it might work fine .	spring contacts	neutral
Since owning my Chromebook its got better and better with more features added and becoming more like a real OS .	features	neutral
Since owning my Chromebook its got better and better with more features added and becoming more like a real OS .	OS	neutral
It also has additional padding at the bottom of the backpack that I have not seen in other bags .	padding	neutral
I guess a few trips to YouTube helps understand how Windows 8 works .	Windows 8	neutral
The square shape , with one USB port on each side , allows you to hook up wider or thicker devices ( like , for instance , a Delkin e - Film CompactFlash card reader ) with no problem .	shape	neutral
The square shape , with one USB port on each side , allows you to hook up wider or thicker devices ( like , for instance , a Delkin e - Film CompactFlash card reader ) with no problem .	USB port	neutral
The square shape , with one USB port on each side , allows you to hook up wider or thicker devices ( like , for instance , a Delkin e - Film CompactFlash card reader ) with no problem .	Delkin	neutral
The square shape , with one USB port on each side , allows you to hook up wider or thicker devices ( like , for instance , a Delkin e - Film CompactFlash card reader ) with no problem .	e - Film	neutral
The square shape , with one USB port on each side , allows you to hook up wider or thicker devices ( like , for instance , a Delkin e - Film CompactFlash card reader ) with no problem .	CompactFlash card reader	neutral
This is n't so awful because the screen is touch enabled but the screen also does not always register touches .	screen	neutral
This is n't so awful because the screen is touch enabled but the screen also does not always register touches .	screen	neutral
The Cintiq on the other hand starts up almost immediately , the programs open almost instantly and I have not noticed any lag even when using large - sized files .	Cintiq	neutral
The Cintiq on the other hand starts up almost immediately , the programs open almost instantly and I have not noticed any lag even when using large - sized files .	programs	neutral
* Small front pocket for wallet / cellphone / keys .	keys	neutral
The zipper seems sturdy and the material is good .	zipper	neutral
The zipper seems sturdy and the material is good .	material	neutral
This battery has been fine so far .	battery	neutral
If you push down on the monitor , it does have a little more & # 34;give&#34 ; than the shorter arm , but I do n't know why anyone would be pushing down on their monitor .	monitor	neutral
If you push down on the monitor , it does have a little more & # 34;give&#34 ; than the shorter arm , but I do n't know why anyone would be pushing down on their monitor .	arm	neutral
If you need either multiple lighter plugs or usb this is a fine item at a good price .	lighter plugs	neutral
If you need either multiple lighter plugs or usb this is a fine item at a good price .	usb	neutral
If you need either multiple lighter plugs or usb this is a fine item at a good price .	price	neutral
In fact , when watching a little bit of Netflix on the couch , I just keep it docked and that way I let the keyboard hold it for me .	keyboard	neutral
Yet a bigger problem is with its touch pad , specifically the button ( note the singular form ) .	touch pad	neutral
Yet a bigger problem is with its touch pad , specifically the button ( note the singular form ) .	button	neutral
This computer is fast and well built .	built	neutral
It has four USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
At this price I ordred two .	price	neutral
Read the specification carefully .	specification	neutral
These work well for adjusting your viewing angle , but it 's not their intention , and it 's not a huge degree of separation .	viewing angle	neutral
After using this unit for awhile I realized the spacebar worked intermittently	spacebar	neutral
If you do n't desire stereo , turn one off .	stereo	neutral
and I only needing to unplug one usb , not several wires from the laptop , including printer , monitor , mouse , keyboard , etc .	usb	neutral
and I only needing to unplug one usb , not several wires from the laptop , including printer , monitor , mouse , keyboard , etc .	printer	neutral
and I only needing to unplug one usb , not several wires from the laptop , including printer , monitor , mouse , keyboard , etc .	monitor	neutral
and I only needing to unplug one usb , not several wires from the laptop , including printer , monitor , mouse , keyboard , etc .	mouse	neutral
and I only needing to unplug one usb , not several wires from the laptop , including printer , monitor , mouse , keyboard , etc .	keyboard	neutral
Bogen - Manfrotto 486RC2 Compact Ball Head with RC2 Rapid Connect System-	RC2	neutral
Bogen - Manfrotto 486RC2 Compact Ball Head with RC2 Rapid Connect System-	Rapid Connect System-	neutral
As a longtime and reasonably proficient Dell user , I am stunned by the quality of the Apple .	quality	neutral
but they will not operate , there are no drivers available to correct the issue ,	drivers	neutral
The software is fine .	software	neutral
Minus a star because I did not receive any case which was advertised ):	case	neutral
That aside it connected to my Blackberry Torch 9810 after I downloaded Blackberry 's desktop Manager software to get the additional drivers I needed for the Bluetooth to work .	desktop Manager software	neutral
That aside it connected to my Blackberry Torch 9810 after I downloaded Blackberry 's desktop Manager software to get the additional drivers I needed for the Bluetooth to work .	drivers	neutral
The rubber feet on the laptop do fit on the cooling pad however , so being a little wider than the Xpad is not a big deal - especially since the Xpad is so slim .	rubber feet	neutral
The rubber feet on the laptop do fit on the cooling pad however , so being a little wider than the Xpad is not a big deal - especially since the Xpad is so slim .	cooling pad	neutral
I 've gotten cheaper cables before for my phone	cables	neutral
so durability may be an issue	durability	neutral
It has a nice gunmetal finish and smooth , round corners .	finish	neutral
It has a nice gunmetal finish and smooth , round corners .	corners	neutral
My old Macbook battery started to separate and come apart .	battery	neutral
Instead , thanks to the pass - thru WiFi feature , I am able to use a Novatel MiFi with Verizon 's 4 G LTE service and connect this router over WiFi to the Novatel modem to acquire the 4 G LTE service .	pass - thru WiFi feature	neutral
Instead , thanks to the pass - thru WiFi feature , I am able to use a Novatel MiFi with Verizon 's 4 G LTE service and connect this router over WiFi to the Novatel modem to acquire the 4 G LTE service .	4 G LTE service	neutral
Instead , thanks to the pass - thru WiFi feature , I am able to use a Novatel MiFi with Verizon 's 4 G LTE service and connect this router over WiFi to the Novatel modem to acquire the 4 G LTE service .	4 G LTE service	neutral
wise Mac OS can seem problematic , however this is just an illusion .	Mac OS	neutral
It fits perfect for $ 6 its really cheap and it comes with a magic fiber cloth .	magic fiber cloth	neutral
The keyboard itself is sturdy and quite responsive .	keyboard	neutral
Set up is plug and play ( unlike Netgear ) and picture quality is very good .	Set up	neutral
Set up is plug and play ( unlike Netgear ) and picture quality is very good .	picture quality	neutral
The nice thing about this design is the little extra material going up the backside of the main case body to the straps ...	design	neutral
The nice thing about this design is the little extra material going up the backside of the main case body to the straps ...	case body	neutral
The nice thing about this design is the little extra material going up the backside of the main case body to the straps ...	straps	neutral
Not really a con , but I find the blue led unnecessary , and really bright in a dark room .	blue led	neutral
The only thing , and I mean only thing , I do not like about the bag is the storage for the tripod .	storage for	neutral
The only thing , and I mean only thing , I do not like about the bag is the storage for the tripod .	tripod	neutral
Perhaps future buyers can be forwarned to pay a bit more and get a quality that will last for more than one month .	quality	neutral
No 3 . 5 " drive adapter plate and no CD , unlike the 80 GB drives I also bought .	3 . 5 " drive adapter plate	neutral
No 3 . 5 " drive adapter plate and no CD , unlike the 80 GB drives I also bought .	CD	neutral
No 3 . 5 " drive adapter plate and no CD , unlike the 80 GB drives I also bought .	80 GB drives	neutral
The battery works well .	battery	neutral
I bought this charger to use with Tenergy 's own NIMH & # 34;D&#34 ; cells .	charger	neutral
I 've never upgraded memory on a laptop before and it was really easy .	memory	neutral
For just everyday web surfing and basic tasks	web surfing	neutral
It is nice to have two locks on one cable .	cable	neutral
My TX650 measures 11 " in width and the top interior width of the case is also 11 " .	width	neutral
My TX650 measures 11 " in width and the top interior width of the case is also 11 " .	interior width	neutral
My TX650 measures 11 " in width and the top interior width of the case is also 11 " .	case	neutral
The second is a thin keyboard dock that has an extra battery ( extends battery life by +85 % ) .	keyboard dock	neutral
The second is a thin keyboard dock that has an extra battery ( extends battery life by +85 % ) .	battery	neutral
The second is a thin keyboard dock that has an extra battery ( extends battery life by +85 % ) .	battery life	neutral
The build quality is great .	build quality	neutral
policy.)10/24/12 I wanted to downgrade to zero , but their support staff is so wonderful	support staff	neutral
x to get rid of the 16 MB " ghost partition " at the end of the HD partitions ( an unnamed partition that does nothing at all ) , and DELETED the 122 GB 2nd partition .	16	neutral
x to get rid of the 16 MB " ghost partition " at the end of the HD partitions ( an unnamed partition that does nothing at all ) , and DELETED the 122 GB 2nd partition .	HD partitions	neutral
x to get rid of the 16 MB " ghost partition " at the end of the HD partitions ( an unnamed partition that does nothing at all ) , and DELETED the 122 GB 2nd partition .	122 GB 2nd partition	neutral
So if your bag is sensitive to thickness , my metro bag was , then it would be something to consider .	thickness	neutral
I do n't think the pen is as sensitive as that on the beefier Intuos tablets , but I do n't know how important that would be if you 're just using this tablet for casual use , as I intend to .	pen	neutral
Allowed me to mount my MAC mini server on the back of my 24 inch monitor and save space .	24 inch monitor	neutral
The concept is nice to have a USB port to plug in your device , but the execution just does n't happen .	USB port	neutral
The concept is nice to have a USB port to plug in your device , but the execution just does n't happen .	execution	neutral
Of course , these do n't compare to my more expensive speakers I have hooked up at the office , but they sure come pretty close for most needs .	speakers	neutral
, i have a lot of experince with Dells and i know how much they drain the batts due to high temps .	temps	neutral
If I were you , I 'd purchase more than one brand , just to be sure you 'll get one working convertor cable .	convertor cable	neutral
Bought 2 of this and the best feature ( for the car ) is that it allows phones to auto connect once the car starts .	feature	neutral
I really like this item , it replaces another cooling pad that I used that one of the fans started making noise so it got replaced .	cooling pad	neutral
I really like this item , it replaces another cooling pad that I used that one of the fans started making noise so it got replaced .	fans	neutral
Otherwise it works perfect and is exactly what I wanted !	works	neutral
It fits this well and the keyboard connects quickly without issue .	keyboard	neutral
It fits this well and the keyboard connects quickly without issue .	connects	neutral
I replaced a dead original battery with this battery .	battery	neutral
I replaced a dead original battery with this battery .	battery	neutral
Both were in the same price range .	price range	neutral
It was the correct dimensions and fit perfectly .	dimensions	neutral
Sometimes I have up to 10 applications running at once and the speed is very good .	applications	neutral
Sometimes I have up to 10 applications running at once and the speed is very good .	speed	neutral
To have a steelseries keyboard , ability to add 2 msata drives and use their proprietary SuperRAID , Killer network , 1080p , Matrix display ( ability to have two external monitors and built in screen at the same time ) just seemed to scratch the surface .	steelseries keyboard	neutral
To have a steelseries keyboard , ability to add 2 msata drives and use their proprietary SuperRAID , Killer network , 1080p , Matrix display ( ability to have two external monitors and built in screen at the same time ) just seemed to scratch the surface .	msata drives	neutral
To have a steelseries keyboard , ability to add 2 msata drives and use their proprietary SuperRAID , Killer network , 1080p , Matrix display ( ability to have two external monitors and built in screen at the same time ) just seemed to scratch the surface .	SuperRAID	neutral
To have a steelseries keyboard , ability to add 2 msata drives and use their proprietary SuperRAID , Killer network , 1080p , Matrix display ( ability to have two external monitors and built in screen at the same time ) just seemed to scratch the surface .	network	neutral
To have a steelseries keyboard , ability to add 2 msata drives and use their proprietary SuperRAID , Killer network , 1080p , Matrix display ( ability to have two external monitors and built in screen at the same time ) just seemed to scratch the surface .	Matrix display	neutral
To have a steelseries keyboard , ability to add 2 msata drives and use their proprietary SuperRAID , Killer network , 1080p , Matrix display ( ability to have two external monitors and built in screen at the same time ) just seemed to scratch the surface .	external monitors	neutral
I assumed it was because it was either incompatible with the Mac OS or because it would n't work with Google Voice .	Mac OS	neutral
I assumed it was because it was either incompatible with the Mac OS or because it would n't work with Google Voice .	Google Voice	neutral
The size of this one is perfect to hold my camera body when mounted to my 6 3/4 inch zoom - telephoto lens .	size	neutral
I have considered sanding down the edges but hate to sand through the finish .	edges	neutral
I have considered sanding down the edges but hate to sand through the finish .	finish	neutral
sturdier - Price is just a little high ( just my opinion )	Price	neutral
Clean , mostly neutral ( slightly warmish ) , with a good high end ( a little rolled - off maybe ? ) , a fairly forward but engaging mid - range , and ( what I think is ) a fantastic ( and I really mean FANTASTIC )	mid - range	neutral
It 's OK , but personally I prefer smooth surfaces .	surfaces	neutral
I was n't expecting great quality on music , but I was hoping for at least decent quality for listening to podcasts -- no dice ,	quality	neutral
This is the one to buy , the RETAIL BOXED SSD from Intel X25-M - Land !	SSD	neutral
It would be perfect bedroom addition if it had a display with a clock radio function .	display	neutral
It would be perfect bedroom addition if it had a display with a clock radio function .	clock radio function	neutral
Pushed the drive back onto the plug and it works .	drive	neutral
The speaker measures approximately 4 . 5 " x 2 " x 2 . 25	speaker	neutral
But if your just a casual gamer and needing some extra space , this will get the job done .	space	neutral
I have a lot of cables , adapters , and other small do - dads .	cables	neutral
I have a lot of cables , adapters , and other small do - dads .	adapters	neutral
For those of you worried about portability with the massive antennas , I was able to get an extremely good signal inside the house without either antenna attached	portability	neutral
For those of you worried about portability with the massive antennas , I was able to get an extremely good signal inside the house without either antenna attached	antennas	neutral
For those of you worried about portability with the massive antennas , I was able to get an extremely good signal inside the house without either antenna attached	antenna	neutral
cheap plastic parts ( locking mechanism broke to gentle use within a month ) blocks docking port when installeddied within three months ( " return to manufacturer " error code , will not charge )	locking mechanism	neutral
cheap plastic parts ( locking mechanism broke to gentle use within a month ) blocks docking port when installeddied within three months ( " return to manufacturer " error code , will not charge )	docking port	neutral
Anyway , in the interm , I returned the first battery in the Brilliant Store 's prepaid packaging , and have kept this one for further evaluation .	battery	neutral
( I guess it could be smaller as a cube , but that 's a rather awkward form factor to pack in a gadget bag.)3 .	form factor	neutral
Plus , the flap itself is secured by a very large piece of velcro and two zippers , so it takes some effort just to get it open .	flap	neutral
I 'm sometimes willfully ignorant of the details of my work computers , so this review ( for better or worse ) will not be a super technical one focusing on specifications and related details .	specifications	neutral
If you 're a month in and you still have n't used the app , you can probably uninstall it .	app	neutral
Within 24 hours of receipt the optical drive failed ! !	optical drive	neutral
I purchased this because I had a need for using headphones with my laptop at work , and would need something easy to carry .	headphones	neutral
I purchased this because I had a need for using headphones with my laptop at work , and would need something easy to carry .	carry	neutral
Yep you guessed it good ole Windows XP .	Windows XP	neutral
a lot of reviews about the touch pad was tuff to ignore .	touch pad	neutral
I did n't think audio amounted to a huge processor load and wonder if this is n't some glitch that can be fixed--	audio	neutral
I did n't think audio amounted to a huge processor load and wonder if this is n't some glitch that can be fixed--	processor load	neutral
I got these from another online retailer ; they were an " open box " deal and about half price ( nice!).I was upgrading from Creative T12 wired computer speakers .	price	neutral
The keys took a bit to get used to , but they work just fine .	keys	neutral
Even behind 2 - 3 walls , at least 75 ft away , and in heavy rain or freezing cold , I consistently get 3 - 4 ( out of 5 ) bars , low latency , and connections at 150 - 300Mbps @the	connections	neutral
It is super easy to apply too !	apply	neutral
This unit is NOT USB rechargeable but rather uses a external 15v power brick like most laptop computers .	USB rechargeable	neutral
This unit is NOT USB rechargeable but rather uses a external 15v power brick like most laptop computers .	external 15v power brick	neutral
com to see what the price would be there .	price	neutral
Despite the official claim that this is a Class 6 card , it only wrote at 4 . 7 MB per second , meaning it is actually a Class 4 card .	Class 6 card	neutral
Despite the official claim that this is a Class 6 card , it only wrote at 4 . 7 MB per second , meaning it is actually a Class 4 card .	Class 4 card	neutral
The sound quality is good , the few times it worked .	sound quality	neutral
With the computer freezing up , and my wife not being able to read that awful color combination , I returned the MBP .	color	neutral
I have to use a rubber band to hold it firmly in the socket .	rubber band	neutral
Connector has a great fit and the unit does n't seem to run hot like others I 've purchased for various laptops .	Connector	neutral
This feature has to be turned on via software settings ; it is disabled by default .	feature	neutral
This feature has to be turned on via software settings ; it is disabled by default .	software settings	neutral
gave it to him for free since it did nt fit my keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Remember - PSUs do not adjust their fan speed according to heat ( unless you have a special method to do this ) , but by power draw .	fan speed	neutral
Remember - PSUs do not adjust their fan speed according to heat ( unless you have a special method to do this ) , but by power draw .	power draw	neutral
I use it on my tablet , smartphone and laptop ( it has a glass overlay on the screen ) .	glass overlay	neutral
I use it on my tablet , smartphone and laptop ( it has a glass overlay on the screen ) .	screen	neutral
There is bluetooth support , and you absolutely can hook up an external bluetooth keyboard and mouse	bluetooth support	neutral
There is bluetooth support , and you absolutely can hook up an external bluetooth keyboard and mouse	external bluetooth keyboard	neutral
There is bluetooth support , and you absolutely can hook up an external bluetooth keyboard and mouse	mouse	neutral
Just make sure you have 4 DVD 's for the Recovery disks and your good to go .	Recovery disks	neutral
Where one side of the handle connects to the body became badly frayed ; if it had continued , that side of the handle would have become detached .	handle	neutral
Where one side of the handle connects to the body became badly frayed ; if it had continued , that side of the handle would have become detached .	body	neutral
Where one side of the handle connects to the body became badly frayed ; if it had continued , that side of the handle would have become detached .	handle	neutral
While I prefer metal D - rings instead of plastic D - rings for durability , I really dislike these kinds of plastic shoulder strap clips when used on a briefcase that is carrying the weight of a laptop ( and tablet ) .	D -	neutral
While I prefer metal D - rings instead of plastic D - rings for durability , I really dislike these kinds of plastic shoulder strap clips when used on a briefcase that is carrying the weight of a laptop ( and tablet ) .	shoulder strap clips	neutral
One gripe unrelated to performance : the curved " head " of these things is just a bit on the wide side .	performance	neutral
One gripe unrelated to performance : the curved " head " of these things is just a bit on the wide side .	curved " head	neutral
Initially I tried using the intel tool to clone my primary drive in my laptop .	intel tool	neutral
Initially I tried using the intel tool to clone my primary drive in my laptop .	drive	neutral
10 . 1 2014 edition , use it for instant connection to printers , flash drives , my voice recorder , my cell phone , EVERYTHING .	flash drives	neutral
I was disappointed that some of the features I enjoyed with my old bag were not included .	features	neutral
After a few months of use the connection to the computer would slip and I had to fiddle with it to get it to make a good connection .	connection	neutral
It even has the metal outside finish that looks as good as the original .	metal outside finish	neutral
The cable is thicker and longer , providing greater charging flexibility .	cable	neutral
The cable is thicker and longer , providing greater charging flexibility .	charging flexibility	neutral
so I knew a real network problem was unlikely .	network	neutral
It responds quickly when in use and quietly naps when not in use , Awakes instantly when needed and agile as you scroll through a page .	responds	neutral
It does not hold a charge that long ( maximum of 2 hours ) which is a disappointment .	charge	neutral
It 's pretty much silent in operation	operation	neutral
Once turned on , I then had the option to use DHCP ( Dynamic IP address ) or a fixed IP address .	DHCP	neutral
Seems like it is good quality	quality	neutral
The full complaint is this : The plug has a LED that shines when the unit is plugged in to a live outlet .	plug	neutral
The full complaint is this : The plug has a LED that shines when the unit is plugged in to a live outlet .	LED	neutral
Scrolling is smooth and the desktop layouts are simple to use .	Scrolling	neutral
Scrolling is smooth and the desktop layouts are simple to use .	desktop layouts	neutral
Scrolling is smooth and the desktop layouts are simple to use .	use	neutral
If you want extra features , like streaming radio services , Airplay , and a USB port for iPods , go ahead and grab the step - up model , Marantz NR1602 AV Receiver .	features	neutral
If you want extra features , like streaming radio services , Airplay , and a USB port for iPods , go ahead and grab the step - up model , Marantz NR1602 AV Receiver .	streaming radio services	neutral
If you want extra features , like streaming radio services , Airplay , and a USB port for iPods , go ahead and grab the step - up model , Marantz NR1602 AV Receiver .	Airplay	neutral
If you want extra features , like streaming radio services , Airplay , and a USB port for iPods , go ahead and grab the step - up model , Marantz NR1602 AV Receiver .	USB port	neutral
I was able to transfer Office 2007 from the HP over to this machine resulting in * more * updates .	Office 2007	neutral
This computer is a very nice product for a user who wants to do e - mail , browse the internet , listen to podcasts , download audio books , and run applications like personal finance software and who also wants a small easily portable computer to handles these things .	browse the internet	neutral
This computer is a very nice product for a user who wants to do e - mail , browse the internet , listen to podcasts , download audio books , and run applications like personal finance software and who also wants a small easily portable computer to handles these things .	applications	neutral
This computer is a very nice product for a user who wants to do e - mail , browse the internet , listen to podcasts , download audio books , and run applications like personal finance software and who also wants a small easily portable computer to handles these things .	personal finance software	neutral
I give it two stars for form , sleekness , and it 's low profile .	form	neutral
I give it two stars for form , sleekness , and it 's low profile .	sleekness	neutral
I give it two stars for form , sleekness , and it 's low profile .	profile	neutral
I got this computer today and since then , I 've been playing games on it nonstop .	games	neutral
Get it if you want a decent five jiggahertz wireless card , it 'll go Sonic the Hedgehog speed .	speed	neutral
It does n't easily snap into place , or at least not as easily as the original batter .	batter	neutral
You see yourself either way , might as well get the better picture !	picture	neutral
I know there is one just because the fact that i went from wired to wireless but internet speed wise there was no difference .	internet speed	neutral
Seems secure , weighs a little more than a notebook , not by much , though .	weighs	neutral
The sound is much better than a notebook and really makes a nice difference .	sound	neutral
I 'd also like to say that I own 5 computers ( counting my wife 's ) including an HP , a custom built gaming computer , and even an Apple .	gaming	neutral
The 4 GB was just enough room to get everything on it .	4 GB	neutral
This makes it extremely difficult to point accurately if the thing you 're trying to point at is near the edge of the trackpad .	trackpad	neutral
so your fingers do n't still touch the screen .	screen	neutral
The memory worked really well .	memory	neutral
I have received tons of compliments on the bag , with people commenting that it looks very well - made and guess that it cost ( way ) more than it did .	cost	neutral
The device has a proprietary connection for charging .	proprietary connection	neutral
The device has a proprietary connection for charging .	charging	neutral
So far eBay was the only place I could find an IDE 50 pin to USB optical enclosure that does support Blu Ray drives .	IDE	neutral
So far eBay was the only place I could find an IDE 50 pin to USB optical enclosure that does support Blu Ray drives .	50 pin to USB optical enclosure	neutral
So far eBay was the only place I could find an IDE 50 pin to USB optical enclosure that does support Blu Ray drives .	Blu Ray drives	neutral
I 'm loathe to spend the $ 50 Tivo wants for their adapter --	adapter	neutral
The sleeve is well made with a solid zipper and interior cushioning to protect the MacBook from scratches and light bumps .	sleeve	neutral
The sleeve is well made with a solid zipper and interior cushioning to protect the MacBook from scratches and light bumps .	zipper	neutral
The sleeve is well made with a solid zipper and interior cushioning to protect the MacBook from scratches and light bumps .	interior	neutral
This is the perfect sized bag for it , and there 's enough room for a little mouse and my flash drive case in the second pocket .	mouse	neutral
This is the perfect sized bag for it , and there 's enough room for a little mouse and my flash drive case in the second pocket .	flash drive case	neutral
I 've been using the Alfas for a few years now , and the Sabrent is a nice , low - cost alternative providing you replace the antenna .	antenna	neutral
i highly recommend this to anyone in the market for a protector for their macbook and it sure prevents scratches , dings , etc ... get you one !	protector	neutral
The original battery was about three years old and refused to take a charge .	battery	neutral
The original battery was about three years old and refused to take a charge .	charge	neutral
Their own support forums are overflowing with people reporting this problem : [ ...	support forums	neutral
The size is very practical for my needs .	size	neutral
Other things equal , solid state is faster than a hard disk .	solid state	neutral
Other things equal , solid state is faster than a hard disk .	hard disk	neutral
When I replaced it with my old Tenda adapter , the connection was solid .	Tenda adapter	neutral
When I replaced it with my old Tenda adapter , the connection was solid .	connection	neutral
The side pocket even has room for my MS Arc Touch Mouse and my Nexus 7 in a Cruzerlite TPU case .	MS Arc Touch Mouse	neutral
Somewhat better speed than Atom ( much better than low - end single core Atom )	speed	neutral
Somewhat better speed than Atom ( much better than low - end single core Atom )	single core Atom	neutral
I sent it in because of the severe keyboard clank and flex .	keyboard clank	neutral
At the time of writing this review , I do not see that the hub 's dimensions are listed anywhere .	hub	neutral
At the time of writing this review , I do not see that the hub 's dimensions are listed anywhere .	dimensions	neutral
I wanted a padded carry case for my new ipad , and I 'm glad that I chose this one .	carry case	neutral
I like the edge feature , two stops you can easily snap into place and holds the laptop on the device securely .	edge feature	neutral
Will protect it from scratching , helping to keep the value of the machine .	value	neutral
This is an expensive web browser that can not play YouTube without hickups .	web browser	neutral
Unfortunately , I had plenty of fits trying to get this set up for my teenage son , due to Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
The JBL speakers produce great loud sound , no distortion ( so far ) .	JBL speakers	neutral
The JBL speakers produce great loud sound , no distortion ( so far ) .	sound	neutral
This computer is still superior to anything running Windows .	Windows	neutral
My satellite ISP turned my service off , thanks to using the webcam .	service	neutral
My satellite ISP turned my service off , thanks to using the webcam .	webcam	neutral
It was so good that I waited until this cover was available for the Kindle Touch .	cover	neutral
It 's a flash card , what is there to say about it ?	flash card	neutral
ONLY THEN you should install WIndows 8 .	WIndows 8 .	neutral
Lots of the right features and great build .	features	neutral
Lots of the right features and great build .	build	neutral
Great battery .	battery	neutral
I 've heard some people say that it 's not large enough for a 19 " , but it 's plenty large with room to spare .	19 "	neutral
After initially paring this keyboard activates when turned on and in the vicinity of my tablet instantly , this keyboard is fantastic	keyboard	neutral
After initially paring this keyboard activates when turned on and in the vicinity of my tablet instantly , this keyboard is fantastic	keyboard	neutral
I finally decided maybe it would be fun to try to root the device and see if that offers any additional functionality .	functionality	neutral
The components feel cheap , and it is easy for the cord to double back on itself which is easily remedied , but for a cheap device it is appropriate .	components	neutral
The components feel cheap , and it is easy for the cord to double back on itself which is easily remedied , but for a cheap device it is appropriate .	cord	neutral
The battery slowly degraded over the following months , and two weeks ago it would n't hold a charge over 47%.Today , after finally getting through to customer service after a 30 minute hold time today , I was told by the first tier tech , the senior engineer , and his support manager that " batteries are a consumable , and only last about a year . "	battery	neutral
The battery slowly degraded over the following months , and two weeks ago it would n't hold a charge over 47%.Today , after finally getting through to customer service after a 30 minute hold time today , I was told by the first tier tech , the senior engineer , and his support manager that " batteries are a consumable , and only last about a year . "	charge	neutral
The battery slowly degraded over the following months , and two weeks ago it would n't hold a charge over 47%.Today , after finally getting through to customer service after a 30 minute hold time today , I was told by the first tier tech , the senior engineer , and his support manager that " batteries are a consumable , and only last about a year . "	customer service	neutral
The battery slowly degraded over the following months , and two weeks ago it would n't hold a charge over 47%.Today , after finally getting through to customer service after a 30 minute hold time today , I was told by the first tier tech , the senior engineer , and his support manager that " batteries are a consumable , and only last about a year . "	tech	neutral
The battery slowly degraded over the following months , and two weeks ago it would n't hold a charge over 47%.Today , after finally getting through to customer service after a 30 minute hold time today , I was told by the first tier tech , the senior engineer , and his support manager that " batteries are a consumable , and only last about a year . "	support manager	neutral
The battery slowly degraded over the following months , and two weeks ago it would n't hold a charge over 47%.Today , after finally getting through to customer service after a 30 minute hold time today , I was told by the first tier tech , the senior engineer , and his support manager that " batteries are a consumable , and only last about a year . "	batteries	neutral
I bought this dongle so that I could tether my Windows 8	dongle	neutral
I bought this dongle so that I could tether my Windows 8	Windows 8	neutral
I was a little worried about the comparative lack of keys .	keys	neutral
Hoping to place another order with same seller but different listing cost 4 91 as people indicate the adapter they received for this listing came with the 90 degree adapter pin .	90	neutral
I am used to my Droid X , so it may just be lie when I first used Windows Vista .	Windows Vista	neutral
This thing ca n't play games , ca n't play iTunes , ca n't do almost all thing you would think a laptop should do .	games	neutral
This thing ca n't play games , ca n't play iTunes , ca n't do almost all thing you would think a laptop should do .	iTunes	neutral
I was able to transfer photos from my smart media card to an SD card .	smart media card	neutral
I was able to transfer photos from my smart media card to an SD card .	SD card	neutral
works very well .	works	neutral
It takes up a USB port , not allowing piggybacking , so if you have an older laptop with only one or two USB ports this could be an issue .	USB port	neutral
It takes up a USB port , not allowing piggybacking , so if you have an older laptop with only one or two USB ports this could be an issue .	USB ports	neutral
I bought one of the disc - requiring batteries awhile back and , scared off by the sketchy - looking BIOS flasher , opted to pull the battery cells and wire them into the old case , using the old pcb contained within .	disc - requiring batteries	neutral
I bought one of the disc - requiring batteries awhile back and , scared off by the sketchy - looking BIOS flasher , opted to pull the battery cells and wire them into the old case , using the old pcb contained within .	BIOS flasher	neutral
I bought one of the disc - requiring batteries awhile back and , scared off by the sketchy - looking BIOS flasher , opted to pull the battery cells and wire them into the old case , using the old pcb contained within .	battery cells	neutral
I bought it so that I can utilize a low cost high quality bluetooth headphones that frees me from the wired headphones without paying too much for a wireless headphone or dealing with such bulky material ..	bluetooth headphones	neutral
I bought it so that I can utilize a low cost high quality bluetooth headphones that frees me from the wired headphones without paying too much for a wireless headphone or dealing with such bulky material ..	wired headphones	neutral
I bought it so that I can utilize a low cost high quality bluetooth headphones that frees me from the wired headphones without paying too much for a wireless headphone or dealing with such bulky material ..	wireless headphone	neutral
When it comes to computer networking and wireless connections	wireless connections	neutral
The 5-led button on the battery actually clicks , but I like the click .	5-led button	neutral
The 5-led button on the battery actually clicks , but I like the click .	battery	neutral
1 ) Crummy low - resolution screen .	low - resolution screen	neutral
There are .dll files that will crop up and could easily freeze the computer .	.dll files	neutral
The constant plugging and unplugging to get this device to work properly seems harmful to the USB interface as well as the drive pins and the drive disk itself -- a lot of jarring .	USB interface	neutral
The constant plugging and unplugging to get this device to work properly seems harmful to the USB interface as well as the drive pins and the drive disk itself -- a lot of jarring .	drive pins	neutral
The constant plugging and unplugging to get this device to work properly seems harmful to the USB interface as well as the drive pins and the drive disk itself -- a lot of jarring .	drive disk	neutral
Replace the new ribbon exactly as the old one was seated , seat the retaining clip and you should be ready to go !	ribbon	neutral
Replace the new ribbon exactly as the old one was seated , seat the retaining clip and you should be ready to go !	retaining clip	neutral
The padding is adjustable and thick but there is tons of space for a simple camera setup , and a laptop or a few books .	padding	neutral
The padding is adjustable and thick but there is tons of space for a simple camera setup , and a laptop or a few books .	camera setup	neutral
The sound ( whether in an urban area or way out in the sticks ) is noisy , distorted , and compressed , even when there are no local interfering stations .	sound	neutral
The padding offers up some nice protection for your devices as well .	padding	neutral
With a shoulder strap this thing becomes a man - purse .	shoulder strap	neutral
When I am not on the go it would be nice to be able to have a simple hook - up and have access to my 17 " flat panel monitor , printer , keyboard , iTouch , etc .	hook - up	neutral
When I am not on the go it would be nice to be able to have a simple hook - up and have access to my 17 " flat panel monitor , printer , keyboard , iTouch , etc .	17 "	neutral
When I am not on the go it would be nice to be able to have a simple hook - up and have access to my 17 " flat panel monitor , printer , keyboard , iTouch , etc .	keyboard	neutral
I placed the receiver on the wall below the TV and the red feedback	receiver	neutral
but there is excess plastic on the wheel and you can almost hear it creak .	wheel	neutral
Although the device is suitable for the uses it implies , has the correct tips for the devices it claims to support , and has voltage settings that are within the range of any of the ones listed , it ca n't technically be set for some of the voltages listed .	tips	neutral
Although the device is suitable for the uses it implies , has the correct tips for the devices it claims to support , and has voltage settings that are within the range of any of the ones listed , it ca n't technically be set for some of the voltages listed .	voltage	neutral
One caveat for Windows 8/8 .	Windows 8/8	neutral
Plugged it into the Personal Drive Bay ( shoved it in ) and did the format .	Personal Drive Bay	neutral
Plugged it into the Personal Drive Bay ( shoved it in ) and did the format .	format	neutral
the picture is clear and the video is even better .	picture	neutral
the picture is clear and the video is even better .	video	neutral
This screen will be the most significant reason why I finally retire my Powerbook and probably get an Air .	screen	neutral
This was a pain until I just stuck a hardcover book in one of the front - most pockets to keep it from being able to bend .	pockets	neutral
I added these to my tablet / keyboard combo ( ASUS TF700 T ) so the keyboard sits at a slight angle .	keyboard	neutral
I added these to my tablet / keyboard combo ( ASUS TF700 T ) so the keyboard sits at a slight angle .	keyboard	neutral
We were looking for inexpensive laptops that could be used for the multitude of games they play .	games	neutral
The LED lit screen is bright and details are good .	LED lit screen	neutral
The trackpoint does unpredictable things if you rest your wrists on it while typing .	trackpoint	neutral
I dealt with that only because I paid for the laptop already , and while the keyboard does n't annoy me right now ( got used to it ) , it will annoy other people in the beginning .	keyboard	neutral
It replaced a 5 year old original Dell battery in a Dell Inspiron laptop .	battery	neutral
I love the setting up of the system .	setting up	neutral
I love the setting up of the system .	system	neutral
When you plug in the Archos it starts automatically .	Archos	neutral
As for form , it 's quite attractive .	form	neutral
For a lark , I tried my phone running Android 2 .	Android 2	neutral
The item also arrived on time , and the company 's customer service is among the best that I have come across thus far .	company	neutral
The item also arrived on time , and the company 's customer service is among the best that I have come across thus far .	customer service	neutral
My Apple device sits nicely on this well designed platform .	platform	neutral
Never has any task , such as starting an application or opening a file ever been bogged down.-	application	neutral
In the picture it is , but what arrived is the same - NOT A US ENGLISH KEYBOARD .	KEYBOARD	neutral
The touch screen is very responsive , but I 'm still using my regular mouse .	touch screen	neutral
The touch screen is very responsive , but I 'm still using my regular mouse .	mouse	neutral
The soft cloth is larger than the cloth that comes with most cleaner kits .	soft cloth	neutral
The soft cloth is larger than the cloth that comes with most cleaner kits .	cloth	neutral
A salesperson told me that G - Tech drives generally are for business , and that this drive is a high - end consumer product .	G - Tech drives	neutral
Great for plugging a USB memory stick to quickly swap files with a friend !	USB memory stick	neutral
Unfortunately they cheaped out and provide very little current to the USB .	current	neutral
Unfortunately they cheaped out and provide very little current to the USB .	USB	neutral
Love Apple 's OS , but the laptop just is n't worth the price .	OS	neutral
Love Apple 's OS , but the laptop just is n't worth the price .	price	neutral
Works perfect with Skype , Steam , Google Hangouts , and whatever other programs that use a mic .	Skype	neutral
Works perfect with Skype , Steam , Google Hangouts , and whatever other programs that use a mic .	Steam	neutral
Works perfect with Skype , Steam , Google Hangouts , and whatever other programs that use a mic .	Google Hangouts	neutral
Works perfect with Skype , Steam , Google Hangouts , and whatever other programs that use a mic .	programs	neutral
Works perfect with Skype , Steam , Google Hangouts , and whatever other programs that use a mic .	mic	neutral
This is a simple and clear signal that charging is over !	charging	neutral
Battery life ...	Battery life	neutral
That might affect a person 's perception of the quality of these speakers .	quality	neutral
That might affect a person 's perception of the quality of these speakers .	speakers	neutral
It has definitely made a noticeable difference in the response speed of the laptop .	response speed	neutral
I tried inserting the Samsung drive into a Sabrent case BK-210S2 & # 8211 ; another $ 14 and use the CD which came with the Samsung disk & # 8211 ; Samsung Magic to do this task .	Samsung drive	neutral
I tried inserting the Samsung drive into a Sabrent case BK-210S2 & # 8211 ; another $ 14 and use the CD which came with the Samsung disk & # 8211 ; Samsung Magic to do this task .	Samsung disk	neutral
The only downside is that there is not a lot of local storage on the device .	storage	neutral
The front pocket has slots for pencils and other accessories .	front pocket	neutral
The HP boots in less time than it took my old computer to came out of sleep mode .	boots	neutral
( I prefer a mouse	mouse	neutral
This is an affordable way to connect your midi - keyboard to your sequencer .	midi - keyboard	neutral
Those that are an exception , such as the MSI or the Samsung do not have the same tactile feeling .	tactile	neutral
The GUI display indicates there are cameras sending signals but there is no video .	GUI display	neutral
Since it actually works to power the computer , I probably wo n't go through the hassle to return it , especially since I need the adapter	adapter	neutral
this little thing was easy to hook upand easy adjust ..	hook upand	neutral
( My 13 " MacBook Pro is the 2 . 9 GHz i7 model , and my MacBook Air is factory upgraded to a 2 . 0 GHz i7 processor and 8 GB RAM.)After using the two machines side - by - side for a couple weeks now , I can say that the MacBook Air outperforms the MacBook Pro in almost every task and in terms of overall speed and performance .	8 GB RAM.)After	neutral
( My 13 " MacBook Pro is the 2 . 9 GHz i7 model , and my MacBook Air is factory upgraded to a 2 . 0 GHz i7 processor and 8 GB RAM.)After using the two machines side - by - side for a couple weeks now , I can say that the MacBook Air outperforms the MacBook Pro in almost every task and in terms of overall speed and performance .	speed	neutral
( My 13 " MacBook Pro is the 2 . 9 GHz i7 model , and my MacBook Air is factory upgraded to a 2 . 0 GHz i7 processor and 8 GB RAM.)After using the two machines side - by - side for a couple weeks now , I can say that the MacBook Air outperforms the MacBook Pro in almost every task and in terms of overall speed and performance .	performance	neutral
When doing a lot of photo processing I found that the WiFi would disconnect .	photo processing	neutral
When doing a lot of photo processing I found that the WiFi would disconnect .	WiFi	neutral
its works fine as is but if not careful opening filters can slide out .	filters	neutral
The very stiff speed wheel needs to be change to maybe a slide switch , i nearly broke mine trying to turn it on .	speed wheel	neutral
I use it on Windows 7 , Vista , and even XP , same story , plug it in , it is recognized and off you go .	Windows 7	neutral
I use it on Windows 7 , Vista , and even XP , same story , plug it in , it is recognized and off you go .	Vista	neutral
I use it on Windows 7 , Vista , and even XP , same story , plug it in , it is recognized and off you go .	XP	neutral
I love the & # 34;free&#34 ; keyboard cover .	keyboard cover	neutral
As long as there is a & # 34;line of site&#34 ; path from the remote to the camera there seemed to be no problem ... pint the remote at an off angle at a reflective surface .	remote	neutral
As long as there is a & # 34;line of site&#34 ; path from the remote to the camera there seemed to be no problem ... pint the remote at an off angle at a reflective surface .	remote	neutral
This is a great benefit to me , as my previous computer backpack had a few big compartments , rather than separate pockets -- everything would get tangled , and then spill out in a heap once opened .	compartments	neutral
This is a great benefit to me , as my previous computer backpack had a few big compartments , rather than separate pockets -- everything would get tangled , and then spill out in a heap once opened .	pockets	neutral
It 's meant for streamlined transport , so although you can fit additional items like a cord or notebook , it 's better in the long run to use a separate bag or pocket to carry the bulkier items .	transport	neutral
Easier to clean as well - remove the fans and you can wash ( or paint )	fans	neutral
Battery life with surfing and regular work use is around 5 and 1/2 hours , charge rate is a bit slow though , although I 'm sure it 's just because the battery has more mAh than my previous laptop .	Battery life	neutral
Battery life with surfing and regular work use is around 5 and 1/2 hours , charge rate is a bit slow though , although I 'm sure it 's just because the battery has more mAh than my previous laptop .	surfing	neutral
Battery life with surfing and regular work use is around 5 and 1/2 hours , charge rate is a bit slow though , although I 'm sure it 's just because the battery has more mAh than my previous laptop .	charge rate	neutral
Battery life with surfing and regular work use is around 5 and 1/2 hours , charge rate is a bit slow though , although I 'm sure it 's just because the battery has more mAh than my previous laptop .	battery	neutral
I put a tiny 32 GB thumb drive in one of the USB ports	32 GB thumb drive	neutral
I put a tiny 32 GB thumb drive in one of the USB ports	USB ports	neutral
It came half way charged , ready to be installed right away and now after 1 month it still holds an average charge of almost 3 hours - perfect for my needs !	charge	neutral
Toshiba L855-s5372The Toshiba comes highly recommended by people who own them , I WAS a Sony person and expect to have cutting edge , unique design , longevity and SUPPORT .	design	neutral
Toshiba L855-s5372The Toshiba comes highly recommended by people who own them , I WAS a Sony person and expect to have cutting edge , unique design , longevity and SUPPORT .	longevity	neutral
Once I saw this combination " mini - display to HDMI adapter + 10 ft HDMI cable " for under 10 dollars I gave it a shot .	mini - display to	neutral
Once I saw this combination " mini - display to HDMI adapter + 10 ft HDMI cable " for under 10 dollars I gave it a shot .	HDMI adapter	neutral
Once I saw this combination " mini - display to HDMI adapter + 10 ft HDMI cable " for under 10 dollars I gave it a shot .	HDMI cable	neutral
It is constructed of a sturdy nylon material and has a nice lining .	nylon material	neutral
It is constructed of a sturdy nylon material and has a nice lining .	lining	neutral
back onnow you are ready to roam around trying different sockets .	sockets	neutral
( i. e. has a small battery ) .	battery	neutral
Except ... playback was sometimes choppy when on full - screen mode	playback	neutral
However , the touchpad is not as bad as I thought .	touchpad	neutral
To my surprise - the keyboard was virtually DEAD .	keyboard	neutral
The two small pockets in the front allows you to carry other stuff such as charger , hands free or even your phone ; )	pockets	neutral
The two small pockets in the front allows you to carry other stuff such as charger , hands free or even your phone ; )	charger	neutral
Keep in mind that it 's not the most attractive case in the world .	case	neutral
It also fits my chargers for both devices simultaneously .	chargers	neutral
The only difference is that the AC - side power cord ( between the & # 34;brick&#34 ; and the wall ) is shorter .	AC - side power cord	neutral
I am Pleased to be able to buy replacement cords like this without heaving to drive all over Town , using up time and gas .	cords	neutral
It is super fast & super quiet and the keyboard is super comfortable .	keyboard	neutral
I was n't to comfortable with the keyboard at first , but after a week I was .	keyboard	neutral
A small red light indicates the hub is powered .	hub	neutral
4 gig motherboard limitSlow graphics cardAwkward keyboard button options that are not modifiable in BIOS .	motherboard	neutral
4 gig motherboard limitSlow graphics cardAwkward keyboard button options that are not modifiable in BIOS .	graphics cardAwkward	neutral
4 gig motherboard limitSlow graphics cardAwkward keyboard button options that are not modifiable in BIOS .	keyboard button	neutral
4 gig motherboard limitSlow graphics cardAwkward keyboard button options that are not modifiable in BIOS .	BIOS	neutral
This looks and seems exactly like Windows 7 .	Windows 7	neutral
Performance is just short of flawless -- perhaps once or twice a day , the displays will blink momentarily .	Performance	neutral
Performance is just short of flawless -- perhaps once or twice a day , the displays will blink momentarily .	displays	neutral
However when I plug a Thumb Drive into it , it tells me " You may want to use a high speed 2 . 0 USB Drive " otherwise its great	Thumb Drive	neutral
However when I plug a Thumb Drive into it , it tells me " You may want to use a high speed 2 . 0 USB Drive " otherwise its great	speed 2 . 0 USB Drive	neutral
If you had any worries about the build - quality ( as I did ) , have confidence that this is a well - built machine .	build - quality	neutral
The use of forward thinking on the clamp , it has an open area , leaving room for the webcam and microphone .	clamp	neutral
The use of forward thinking on the clamp , it has an open area , leaving room for the webcam and microphone .	webcam	neutral
The use of forward thinking on the clamp , it has an open area , leaving room for the webcam and microphone .	microphone	neutral
Pairing was a snap , with three different devices so far .	Pairing	neutral
The design is stunning : the solid aluminum body is offset by a pitch - black screen .	design	neutral
The design is stunning : the solid aluminum body is offset by a pitch - black screen .	aluminum body	neutral
The design is stunning : the solid aluminum body is offset by a pitch - black screen .	screen	neutral
love the battery lifetime .	battery lifetime	neutral
With ambient noise you should not be able to hear it from 3 '	ambient noise	neutral
I have the 256 MB version and it 's great .	256 MB	neutral
I have had no battery issues and this speaker has lasted for several hours on a single charge .	battery	neutral
I have had no battery issues and this speaker has lasted for several hours on a single charge .	charge	neutral
Of course it is not a big deal at all.- Sound and video was in perfect sync.- Broadcasting quality will significantly vary as per your internet connection though .	Sound	neutral
Of course it is not a big deal at all.- Sound and video was in perfect sync.- Broadcasting quality will significantly vary as per your internet connection though .	Broadcasting quality	neutral
Of course it is not a big deal at all.- Sound and video was in perfect sync.- Broadcasting quality will significantly vary as per your internet connection though .	internet connection	neutral
Good:-The ear cushions are soft and comfortable.- mic is crisp and	ear cushions	neutral
Good:-The ear cushions are soft and comfortable.- mic is crisp and	mic	neutral
the case has padding on the front and back but not on the bottom seam ; and2 . case stains easily but can be cleaned .	case	neutral
the case has padding on the front and back but not on the bottom seam ; and2 . case stains easily but can be cleaned .	case	neutral
With a cable splitter and a longer USB extension cord , I positioned the 950Q with enough space to let the tuner 's heat dissipate , so the remote could easily see it , and so it 's easily removable when I want to use it with my laptop .	cable splitter	neutral
With a cable splitter and a longer USB extension cord , I positioned the 950Q with enough space to let the tuner 's heat dissipate , so the remote could easily see it , and so it 's easily removable when I want to use it with my laptop .	USB extension cord	neutral
With a cable splitter and a longer USB extension cord , I positioned the 950Q with enough space to let the tuner 's heat dissipate , so the remote could easily see it , and so it 's easily removable when I want to use it with my laptop .	remote	neutral
any slight pressure on the back of the tablet will distort the LCD	LCD	neutral
Immediate impression is that the keyboard is a well made plastic alternative to Apple 's comparatively expensive aluminum bluetooth keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Immediate impression is that the keyboard is a well made plastic alternative to Apple 's comparatively expensive aluminum bluetooth keyboard .	aluminum bluetooth keyboard	neutral
However , retrieving the OS through Internet Recovery has been a nightmare .	OS	neutral
However , retrieving the OS through Internet Recovery has been a nightmare .	Internet Recovery	neutral
I then left it to charge in my computer for overnight , next morning when I unplugged the power , the battery still showed not charged and lasted about 15 minutes , I then left it to charge for 24 hours	charge	neutral
I then left it to charge in my computer for overnight , next morning when I unplugged the power , the battery still showed not charged and lasted about 15 minutes , I then left it to charge for 24 hours	power	neutral
I then left it to charge in my computer for overnight , next morning when I unplugged the power , the battery still showed not charged and lasted about 15 minutes , I then left it to charge for 24 hours	battery	neutral
I then left it to charge in my computer for overnight , next morning when I unplugged the power , the battery still showed not charged and lasted about 15 minutes , I then left it to charge for 24 hours	charge	neutral
Slim profile does n't make too much noise there is a tight fit with the tips which is definitely a bonus .	tips	neutral
The picture is very clear , whatever source you select .	picture	neutral
This was a risk for me , I bought because I love the color and this backpack desing .	color	neutral
Color : I would say that the purple is a deep , rich , royal purple color .	Color	neutral
Color : I would say that the purple is a deep , rich , royal purple color .	color	neutral
You can store the upper straps in ( yet another ) of the compartments , but do n't know where to put the bottom one .	straps	neutral
You can store the upper straps in ( yet another ) of the compartments , but do n't know where to put the bottom one .	compartments	neutral
but it does not do as much as the number of buttons would make you think .	buttons	neutral
Does n't output widescreen through s - video , but my tv has a setting to stretch the picture .	widescreen	neutral
Does n't output widescreen through s - video , but my tv has a setting to stretch the picture .	s - video	neutral
NJIT mandates that faculty , students , and staff purchase and use both the Microsoft Windows family of operating systems and the Intel family of CPUs .	Microsoft Windows	neutral
NJIT mandates that faculty , students , and staff purchase and use both the Microsoft Windows family of operating systems and the Intel family of CPUs .	operating systems	neutral
NJIT mandates that faculty , students , and staff purchase and use both the Microsoft Windows family of operating systems and the Intel family of CPUs .	Intel	neutral
NJIT mandates that faculty , students , and staff purchase and use both the Microsoft Windows family of operating systems and the Intel family of CPUs .	CPUs	neutral
so I only have to plug in one usb cable .	usb cable	neutral
After a year with this laptop it started to really heat up in the back where the processor is and it seemed to make the computer work really slow .	processor	neutral
As a former IT professional , I am very sensitive to poor customer service and in my mind the company now deserves five stars as they stepped up and took ownership .	IT professional	neutral
As a former IT professional , I am very sensitive to poor customer service and in my mind the company now deserves five stars as they stepped up and took ownership .	customer service	neutral
SSD drive fail :	SSD drive	neutral
sometimes the Rubber feet on the front is not enough depending on angle .	Rubber feet	neutral
The battery life is weak , I get about 3 . 5 hours of regular typing / surfing usage out of it .	battery life	neutral
The battery life is weak , I get about 3 . 5 hours of regular typing / surfing usage out of it .	typing	neutral
The battery life is weak , I get about 3 . 5 hours of regular typing / surfing usage out of it .	surfing usage	neutral
The exterior has a soft - touch finish , which is pleasant in the hand and quite practical as it is grippy and does n't show smudges .	exterior	neutral
But they also double the memory provided internally , so it 's up to you ) , but beyond that , you can pick almost any brand and get comparable results .	memory	neutral
I had a fear of Windows 8 because I 'd read complaints , especially when the news of the withdrawal of support for the much - loved XP operating system hit .	Windows 8	neutral
I had a fear of Windows 8 because I 'd read complaints , especially when the news of the withdrawal of support for the much - loved XP operating system hit .	support	neutral
I had a fear of Windows 8 because I 'd read complaints , especially when the news of the withdrawal of support for the much - loved XP operating system hit .	XP operating system	neutral
It did n't bother me too much though , I was ok with batteries for the price	batteries	neutral
It did n't bother me too much though , I was ok with batteries for the price	price	neutral
It is NOT a gaming system , but it did receive a Vista WEI of 3 . 8 for gaming graphics , and I tried it with two older ( pre-2006 ) games and it ran just fine .	gaming	neutral
It is NOT a gaming system , but it did receive a Vista WEI of 3 . 8 for gaming graphics , and I tried it with two older ( pre-2006 ) games and it ran just fine .	Vista WEI	neutral
It is NOT a gaming system , but it did receive a Vista WEI of 3 . 8 for gaming graphics , and I tried it with two older ( pre-2006 ) games and it ran just fine .	gaming graphics	neutral
You ca n't just open the flap and grab your camera , you have to maneuver around to get it out .	flap	neutral
I have to go to settings to get the keyboard to connect via bluetooth when I turn it on the first time .	keyboard	neutral
The only downside to this product is the price .	price	neutral
The hardware is very good for the price .	hardware	neutral
The hardware is very good for the price .	price	neutral
Some things to consider in addition to the extra RAM mentioned above is an external optical drive .	external optical drive	neutral
The dividers are not padded .	dividers	neutral
And there 's another regular nylon handle behind it , above the straps , that does n't seem to serve any purpose other than to get in the way .	nylon handle	neutral
And there 's another regular nylon handle behind it , above the straps , that does n't seem to serve any purpose other than to get in the way .	straps	neutral
There 's not a great deal of bass , but there 's enough for what I typically listen to .	bass	neutral
It got only a 5 . 2 win assessment ( the stock Intel graphics scored a 6 . 2 ) and I wanted speed .	Intel graphics	neutral
It got only a 5 . 2 win assessment ( the stock Intel graphics scored a 6 . 2 ) and I wanted speed .	speed	neutral
Went to stash the power supply cord in another of the many compartments , hey this zipper is nt very smooth , it should be smooth for a 60 + dollar bag .	power supply cord	neutral
Went to stash the power supply cord in another of the many compartments , hey this zipper is nt very smooth , it should be smooth for a 60 + dollar bag .	zipper	neutral
However , when it is stuffed with a lot of gear , the magnetic flap becomes useless and just falls away .	magnetic flap	neutral
My verdict , this is a rather impressive little fella ( well not THAT little anyway ) featuring on the positive side:- Impressive display .	display	neutral
The case is attractive and is a perfect fit for the six cell ,	case	neutral
The case is attractive and is a perfect fit for the six cell ,	six cell	neutral
In reading other reviews I was very concerned about wifi performance , an issue that has effected the new MacBook Air as well .	wifi performance	neutral
The monitor does not have VESA mounting holes .	monitor	neutral
The monitor does not have VESA mounting holes .	VESA mounting holes	neutral
For the price and the protection , you ca n't beat it .	price	neutral
For the price and the protection , you ca n't beat it .	protection	neutral
To conserve energy , the keyboard goes to sleep after about a minute of inactivity , and it takes a couple of key presses to reestablish connection .	keyboard	neutral
I have a 17 " Gateway Fx 7801u laptop and it was difficult to find a backpack to fit this because of its size .	size	neutral
I love this mouse .	mouse	neutral
A friend had a dell laptop and her dog chewed her cord so we ordered	cord	neutral
I rarely reboot the system ( it 's just not necessary unless I do an OS upgrade ) , or close applications and all is well .	system	neutral
I rarely reboot the system ( it 's just not necessary unless I do an OS upgrade ) , or close applications and all is well .	OS upgrade	neutral
The speakers are louder than most other Chromebooks .	speakers	neutral
Final Thoughts : If you are not getting a gigabit connection even after connecting to a USB 3 . 0 port , make sure your network cable is CAT 5E/6 or above .	gigabit connection	neutral
Final Thoughts : If you are not getting a gigabit connection even after connecting to a USB 3 . 0 port , make sure your network cable is CAT 5E/6 or above .	USB 3 . 0 port	neutral
Final Thoughts : If you are not getting a gigabit connection even after connecting to a USB 3 . 0 port , make sure your network cable is CAT 5E/6 or above .	network cable	neutral
Buy a portable external harddrive such as ' Seagate FreeAgent Go ' and backup your data on a weekly basis .	external harddrive	neutral
Buy a portable external harddrive such as ' Seagate FreeAgent Go ' and backup your data on a weekly basis .	Seagate FreeAgent	neutral
Another feature that I love , but was not originally looking for , is the other " sleep mode " - while plugged in , if it is not being used , it will sleep in order to save battery life .	feature	neutral
Another feature that I love , but was not originally looking for , is the other " sleep mode " - while plugged in , if it is not being used , it will sleep in order to save battery life .	sleep mode	neutral
Another feature that I love , but was not originally looking for , is the other " sleep mode " - while plugged in , if it is not being used , it will sleep in order to save battery life .	battery life	neutral
For about sixty bucks or more -- several times the price of these third - party ones .	price	neutral
I like the sound of the speakers , but they vibrate all over the place .	sound	neutral
I like the sound of the speakers , but they vibrate all over the place .	speakers	neutral
This is the best by far AC adapter for Dell .	AC adapter	neutral
They 're a good size and of good quality .	size	neutral
They 're a good size and of good quality .	quality	neutral
I put fresh batteries in and it still did n't work .	batteries	neutral
The photo online makes it seem that the color is similar to " fuchsia " or a brighter dark pink color -- in reality , the color is a duller red , closer probably to " oxblood " or " burgundy .	color	neutral
The photo online makes it seem that the color is similar to " fuchsia " or a brighter dark pink color -- in reality , the color is a duller red , closer probably to " oxblood " or " burgundy .	color	neutral
Still holding a charge as well as the one that came with the laptop and it has been over two weeks .	charge	neutral
The color is a great shade of royal blue , the stitching is even , and the band closure holds very well .	color	neutral
The color is a great shade of royal blue , the stitching is even , and the band closure holds very well .	stitching	neutral
The color is a great shade of royal blue , the stitching is even , and the band closure holds very well .	band closure	neutral
Keeps my plug and mouse away from the laptop but still easy to get to .	mouse	neutral
I bought 3 of these { PNY Attache 16 GB USB 2 . 0	16 GB USB 2 . 0	neutral
This is great because of the size and weight .	size	neutral
This is great because of the size and weight .	weight	neutral
Internal Sata New	Internal Sata	neutral
I was initially a bit hesitant because of the price , but it 's been worth every penny .	price	neutral
there 's also a shoulder strap which you probably wo nt use much , since this is a stay at home case .	shoulder strap	neutral
It 's a solid & very good battery but did not charge with Dell InspironIt 's well made & have allot of charge in it but was not compatible."Not	battery	neutral
It 's a solid & very good battery but did not charge with Dell InspironIt 's well made & have allot of charge in it but was not compatible."Not	charge	neutral
It 's a solid & very good battery but did not charge with Dell InspironIt 's well made & have allot of charge in it but was not compatible."Not	charge	neutral
You check the updates to see if the battery update is there and if not , then Apple needs to be contacted .	battery update	neutral
Most of the time I do n't need to lug the unit around with the oversized battery attached .	battery	neutral
The contrast and clarity of this screen is amazing .	contrast	neutral
The contrast and clarity of this screen is amazing .	clarity	neutral
The contrast and clarity of this screen is amazing .	screen	neutral
It 's a simple zipper opening into a non - expandable pocket on the front .	zipper opening	neutral
It 's a simple zipper opening into a non - expandable pocket on the front .	pocket	neutral
An adapter is needed as well .	adapter	neutral
This is a quality , sturdy cable that even looks nice .	cable	neutral
This is a good portable workstation for graphical application development .	graphical application development	neutral
And I hate picking up little speakers and moving them with me .	speakers	neutral
No driver cd came with the thing and that is the first thing the Vaio requested , and you can forget online research for it .	driver cd	neutral
Poor construction .	construction	neutral
I bought 2 replacements at a very good cost on Amazon and now it works great again .	cost	neutral
I purchased this as a replacement for my 3 1/2 year old Vostro 1700 , which was only holding a charge for about 20 minutes .	charge	neutral
SO , I bought the following different model flash drive from HP after that happened , which has lasted me from June 2011 to current , and is still going strong with commutes , vacations , and simple day - to - day use in my apartment : http://www . amazon .	flash drive	neutral
Its a little roomy ( thickness wise ) for my 13&#34 ; Samsung book 9 ativ plus NP940xxx .	thickness	neutral
I travel around with my projector quite a bit and you never know what kind of connection you 're going to need .	connection	neutral
Great quality material , light , easy to carry and small enough to place in a purse , bookbag or briefcase .	material	neutral
Great quality material , light , easy to carry and small enough to place in a purse , bookbag or briefcase .	carry	neutral
it 's quiet enough and i can place the fans where i want .	fans	neutral
Did n't take long at all to program the software to have it do exactly what I wanted it to do .	software	neutral
I was wrong , and the service was perfectly fine .	service	neutral
I plugged it into my USB port and within a minute the driver was automatically installed .	USB port	neutral
I plugged it into my USB port and within a minute the driver was automatically installed .	driver	neutral
Cheap price ! !	price	neutral
Price : B+Setup & Convience :	Price	neutral
I agree with other reviewers that this compartment could be better padded	compartment	neutral
After a couple of months and many cycles the battery continues to perform as I expected .	battery	neutral
I will install an anti - glare screen protector , but that 's more for readability in varied conditions than anything else .	anti - glare screen protector	neutral
I will install an anti - glare screen protector , but that 's more for readability in varied conditions than anything else .	readability	neutral
The built in cable management is functional ( barely but good	built in cable management	neutral
Next there are two small outside pocket one on each side of bag , both are 6 " tall and 3 1/2 " wide and are tapered at the bottom and do expand to top of pocket up by the Velcro flap .	Velcro flap	neutral
As a touch typist I am comfortable with both but , on a blind test , I would probably pick HP 's over Samsung's.&#725 ; Somewhat more stylish design .	design	neutral
Look elsewhere for a case that has an extra large compartment if that 's important to you .	case	neutral
Look elsewhere for a case that has an extra large compartment if that 's important to you .	compartment	neutral
Seriously - considering the price was only $ 15 for the a knock - off version of the same power supply that HP wants $ 50 for and Best Buy wants $ 100 ...	price	neutral
Seriously - considering the price was only $ 15 for the a knock - off version of the same power supply that HP wants $ 50 for and Best Buy wants $ 100 ...	power supply	neutral
they looked like they might help see the key board of laptop a lot better especially in low light as for the fan without trying it would be hard to be able to say how it works .	fan	neutral
You have to remove 1 of the hard drives to install the SSD .	hard drives	neutral
You have to remove 1 of the hard drives to install the SSD .	SSD	neutral
: The switches are of bad quality and wear out fast .	switches	neutral
I imagine filing down just a couple millimeters of the plastic would solve this problem , though I do n't plan to do so ( I 'll snap some pictures soon).=========================FIT : Almost perfect ... just barely too much girth in the back which prevents opening the screen all the way .	screen	neutral
If the cord was a few feet longer , I may have used the mouse , but I would have to get used to how tiny it is .	cord	neutral
If the cord was a few feet longer , I may have used the mouse , but I would have to get used to how tiny it is .	mouse	neutral
The bag is large enough to hold lots of camera equipment , however the carry handle is not in the middle of the case which makes it lopsided .	carry handle	neutral
While it was nowhere near as fast as the wired network I have at home , my desktop had more than adequate upload and download speeds using this device .	wired network	neutral
While it was nowhere near as fast as the wired network I have at home , my desktop had more than adequate upload and download speeds using this device .	upload	neutral
While it was nowhere near as fast as the wired network I have at home , my desktop had more than adequate upload and download speeds using this device .	download speeds	neutral
No need to pay alot for fancy brand cables .	cables	neutral
I have 6 ipod docks from portable to larger docks and speakers , etc .	speakers	neutral
great delivery ordered on Tuesday 10 am was out for delivery next day Excelent ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	delivery	neutral
The charging port may be handy --- I'm charging my Android now .	charging port	neutral
A capacitor that was soldered on the board had been bent over to 45 degrees when the case was assembled and it 's legs were pulled clear out of the board .	capacitor	neutral
A capacitor that was soldered on the board had been bent over to 45 degrees when the case was assembled and it 's legs were pulled clear out of the board .	board	neutral
A capacitor that was soldered on the board had been bent over to 45 degrees when the case was assembled and it 's legs were pulled clear out of the board .	case	neutral
A capacitor that was soldered on the board had been bent over to 45 degrees when the case was assembled and it 's legs were pulled clear out of the board .	legs	neutral
A capacitor that was soldered on the board had been bent over to 45 degrees when the case was assembled and it 's legs were pulled clear out of the board .	board	neutral
It loaded quickly and worked VERY well in both my Vista desktop and Windows 7 netbook .	loaded	neutral
I love this bag because of its unobtrusive simplicity .	simplicity	neutral
Using it does take quite a bit to get accustomed to because of its small size .	size	neutral
It has the erratic , sometimes nonfunctioning touch screen you might have read about .	touch screen	neutral
Just ca n't beat the $ 53 . 00 price tag with $ 10 . 00 rebate .	price tag	neutral
In addition , I installed the remote disk software on my Dell , just to see if I could watch a movie - and	remote disk software	neutral
The idea here is to have the most portable device to share movies the family , play a few simple games on the go or on break , and do work when the time comes .	games	neutral
And I can still use other programs with zero lag or hiccups .	programs	neutral
Also , the optical drive still does not work ( obviously ) and I noticed the SD card reader does not work ( do n't know if it ever did , just tried it out for the first time a few days ago ) .	optical drive	neutral
Also , the optical drive still does not work ( obviously ) and I noticed the SD card reader does not work ( do n't know if it ever did , just tried it out for the first time a few days ago ) .	SD card reader	neutral
I bought the Transformer Price mostly to carry around and take notes , so this keyboard was definitely a good idea !	Transformer Price	neutral
I bought the Transformer Price mostly to carry around and take notes , so this keyboard was definitely a good idea !	keyboard	neutral
; Workstation , is not a bad thing anyway .	Workstation	neutral
Apple had to pull some black magic over the mic line to get all three of these controls to work , and the result of it all is that the Apple headphones with volume wo n't work with any other devices ( Droids , etc ) as well as this adapter .	mic line	neutral
Apple had to pull some black magic over the mic line to get all three of these controls to work , and the result of it all is that the Apple headphones with volume wo n't work with any other devices ( Droids , etc ) as well as this adapter .	controls	neutral
Apple had to pull some black magic over the mic line to get all three of these controls to work , and the result of it all is that the Apple headphones with volume wo n't work with any other devices ( Droids , etc ) as well as this adapter .	headphones	neutral
Apple had to pull some black magic over the mic line to get all three of these controls to work , and the result of it all is that the Apple headphones with volume wo n't work with any other devices ( Droids , etc ) as well as this adapter .	volume	neutral
, I bought this one for the looks .	looks	neutral
It uses 1 AA battery not 2 AAA batteries .	AA battery	neutral
And , it 's solar , so no batteries to fuss with or put into land fills .	batteries	neutral
I called the customer support .	customer support	neutral
Believe it or not , purchasing this made my laptop run 200 % faster than ever before !	run	neutral
The two speakers on the front plus one on the bottom of the player are spectacular .	speakers	neutral
Perfect replacement for the original - matches input / output specification exactly .	input /	neutral
i. e. antialiasing and anisotropic filtering down or off).The power management is spot on , Asus did well on that , but you 'll miss the switch of graphics between the i7 integrated graphics and the GT660 M	power management	neutral
i. e. antialiasing and anisotropic filtering down or off).The power management is spot on , Asus did well on that , but you 'll miss the switch of graphics between the i7 integrated graphics and the GT660 M	i7 integrated graphics	neutral
i. e. antialiasing and anisotropic filtering down or off).The power management is spot on , Asus did well on that , but you 'll miss the switch of graphics between the i7 integrated graphics and the GT660 M	GT660 M	neutral
The zippers are strong and sturdy .	zippers	neutral
The spec and size are excellent as a replacement battery .	spec	neutral
The spec and size are excellent as a replacement battery .	size	neutral
The spec and size are excellent as a replacement battery .	battery	neutral
Router Specs:64 MB of RAMBroadcom	Router Specs:64	neutral
and the battery can be used like 5 hours .	battery	neutral
There 's nothing like being in the middle of recording a priceless video and having your camera say " Memory card too slow for video recording " .	Memory card	neutral
You may need one of these adapters .	adapters	neutral
The padding is thick , the notebook area with more than sufficient size for our computer .	padding	neutral
The padding is thick , the notebook area with more than sufficient size for our computer .	size	neutral
It may well have been damaged in shipping , because it was packaged badly by Amazon , with an inflated air pack only on one side of it , leaving it free to slide around loose in the mailing box .	shipping	neutral
It may well have been damaged in shipping , because it was packaged badly by Amazon , with an inflated air pack only on one side of it , leaving it free to slide around loose in the mailing box .	air pack	neutral
But with 2 AA batteries the lighting is very bright .	AA batteries	neutral
But with 2 AA batteries the lighting is very bright .	lighting	neutral
the keyboard has intermittent issues where some keys do nt press .	keyboard	neutral
the keyboard has intermittent issues where some keys do nt press .	keys	neutral
This is really easy to fit , works well -- but as others have suggested , there 's a gap in the petal closure so it wo n't protect against heavy dust .	works	neutral
This is really easy to fit , works well -- but as others have suggested , there 's a gap in the petal closure so it wo n't protect against heavy dust .	petal closure	neutral
After your card is securely in the PCI slot , close up the computer , screw on the antennae , and boot up your system .	card	neutral
After your card is securely in the PCI slot , close up the computer , screw on the antennae , and boot up your system .	PCI slot	neutral
It wo n't run Microsoft Windows applications or regular desktop programs like Photoshop and it 's pretty much locked down to have the user live within a browser .	Microsoft Windows applications	neutral
It wo n't run Microsoft Windows applications or regular desktop programs like Photoshop and it 's pretty much locked down to have the user live within a browser .	Photoshop	neutral
Compared to other 5400 based thunderbolt drives that have transfer speeds of around ~70 - 80 mb / s .	5400 based	neutral
Compared to other 5400 based thunderbolt drives that have transfer speeds of around ~70 - 80 mb / s .	thunderbolt drives	neutral
Compared to other 5400 based thunderbolt drives that have transfer speeds of around ~70 - 80 mb / s .	transfer speeds	neutral
So it was faulty hub slots or something within the hub .	hub slots	neutral
So it was faulty hub slots or something within the hub .	hub	neutral
If you are having trouble getting a wi - fi signal in your house , ( but your phone and laptop is getting a signal fine ) , then try to move your desktop on top your desk or to a higher location ( vise - versa with the router ) .	wi - fi signal	neutral
In the end , and I 'm not sure which gave the bigger gain , between adding the SSD or ridding the machine of the Samsung bloatware , I 'm actually happy now and could recommend it to someone who needs a machine that is more powerful than available in normal laptops but needs to move around with the machine .	SSD	neutral
In the end , and I 'm not sure which gave the bigger gain , between adding the SSD or ridding the machine of the Samsung bloatware , I 'm actually happy now and could recommend it to someone who needs a machine that is more powerful than available in normal laptops but needs to move around with the machine .	Samsung bloatware	neutral
However , when i first tried it out , the keys seemed to be too plastic , as if you really had to push in order to make the buttons work .	keys	neutral
However , when i first tried it out , the keys seemed to be too plastic , as if you really had to push in order to make the buttons work .	buttons	neutral
What I can tell you is that the new NVIDIA graphics make for smoother performance around the operating system and seem to contribute to 1 ) better battery life and 2 ) a cooler system .	NVIDIA graphics	neutral
What I can tell you is that the new NVIDIA graphics make for smoother performance around the operating system and seem to contribute to 1 ) better battery life and 2 ) a cooler system .	performance	neutral
What I can tell you is that the new NVIDIA graphics make for smoother performance around the operating system and seem to contribute to 1 ) better battery life and 2 ) a cooler system .	operating system	neutral
What I can tell you is that the new NVIDIA graphics make for smoother performance around the operating system and seem to contribute to 1 ) better battery life and 2 ) a cooler system .	battery life	neutral
What I can tell you is that the new NVIDIA graphics make for smoother performance around the operating system and seem to contribute to 1 ) better battery life and 2 ) a cooler system .	system	neutral
It has a tilt / swivel head .	tilt /	neutral
I am pleasantly surprised by the sound quality of this " boombox " .	sound quality	neutral
Have n't used a PCMCIA in so very long ,	PCMCIA	neutral
For most of my usage , which is just web browsing it makes for a nice laptop .	web browsing	neutral
0 speed is fine , but note that some devices need to be ( or work better ) connected directly to the computer and not through a hub .	hub	neutral
It did n't show up on my receiver Auxilliary input .	receiver Auxilliary input	neutral
I wanted it to connect to a Belkin Audio Streamer	Belkin Audio Streamer	neutral
What is this Zone Player bundle ?	Zone Player	neutral
I needed a cross - over cable , so I cut off one connector to crimp on the new one to discover the way the cable was cobbled together .	connector	neutral
I needed a cross - over cable , so I cut off one connector to crimp on the new one to discover the way the cable was cobbled together .	cable	neutral
Speed much faster than using USB .	Speed	neutral
However , Google call does not turn on the audio when making phone calls .	audio	neutral
The price is great for this case and it works just as well as	price	neutral
The price is great for this case and it works just as well as	case	neutral
I will need to test the HDMI and VGA plugs later to see how well it can play on external devices .	HDMI	neutral
I will need to test the HDMI and VGA plugs later to see how well it can play on external devices .	VGA plugs	neutral
Best feature is the entire tip rotates .	feature	neutral
Best feature is the entire tip rotates .	tip	neutral
Anyways , if you are not trying to stream stuff through wireless , than this antenna is excellent otherwise you might want to look for a 802 . 11n one .	antenna	neutral
Anyways , if you are not trying to stream stuff through wireless , than this antenna is excellent otherwise you might want to look for a 802 . 11n one .	802 . 11n	neutral
I like that it charges my Ipod while playing .	charges	neutral
Overall : I gave this 5 stars for the value , the connection , the sound , and ease of setup .	value	neutral
Overall : I gave this 5 stars for the value , the connection , the sound , and ease of setup .	connection	neutral
Overall : I gave this 5 stars for the value , the connection , the sound , and ease of setup .	sound	neutral
Overall : I gave this 5 stars for the value , the connection , the sound , and ease of setup .	setup	neutral
The touch screen was the only way to interact with the computer .	touch screen	neutral
The instructions are horrible .	instructions	neutral
Can be easily fixed by buying a separate mouse ( but then you lose portability )	mouse	neutral
Can be easily fixed by buying a separate mouse ( but then you lose portability )	portability	neutral
I was refused the ability to speak to the tech support person 's manager , was spoken to rudely , and all but hung up on .	tech support person 's manager	neutral
I do not take my Macbook Pro off the charger very often and this battery only ever provided up to 2 hours of runtime at best .	charger	neutral
I do not take my Macbook Pro off the charger very often and this battery only ever provided up to 2 hours of runtime at best .	battery	neutral
I do not take my Macbook Pro off the charger very often and this battery only ever provided up to 2 hours of runtime at best .	runtime	neutral
Fit and Finish :	Finish	neutral
Some reviews have complained about having a problem with the zippers , but that has not been an issue for me4 .	zippers	neutral
It does seem to work well with older laptops ( but older laptops already have s - video output ) .	s - video output	neutral
When used hanging down the speaker L+R are reversed .	speaker	neutral
Since the hard drive basically directly determines a computer 's real - world performance , this thing really , really flies .	hard drive	neutral
Since the hard drive basically directly determines a computer 's real - world performance , this thing really , really flies .	performance	neutral
I 'm hard on my computers , I expect a lot , I use a lot of graphics programs , I expect to not be bogged down by my laptop and in this case it 's usually my internet that ca n't keep up with me .	graphics programs	neutral
With this laptop I can crank the graphics and details to maximum without game play and speed suffering .	graphics	neutral
With this laptop I can crank the graphics and details to maximum without game play and speed suffering .	game play	neutral
With this laptop I can crank the graphics and details to maximum without game play and speed suffering .	speed	neutral
The keyboard is slightly smaller than a normal keyboard , but nowhere near as small as the Asus Eee keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is slightly smaller than a normal keyboard , but nowhere near as small as the Asus Eee keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
But the phone or speaker needs another power cord , as it ran out of battery too soon .	power cord	neutral
But the phone or speaker needs another power cord , as it ran out of battery too soon .	battery	neutral
I even took a pass on Apple 's current iPod incentive ( I still buy CDs , mostly from Amazon).Even as I type this review , I 'm conscious that the keyboard has a tighter feel and is quieter than the previous model .	keyboard	neutral
My only reason for giving it 4 stars is that it has too many openings .	openings	neutral
The sound quality is a little lower compared to my other one that broke but still very good , and for 20 bucks , it is half of what I paid for that broken speaker !	sound quality	neutral
Eventually found that it uses the Nokia BL 4C cell phone batteries , which are cheap , so I bought a few , replaced the bad one	Nokia	neutral
Eventually found that it uses the Nokia BL 4C cell phone batteries , which are cheap , so I bought a few , replaced the bad one	batteries	neutral
Well , on the second day of our adventure in South Africa , my entire camera outfit was stolen including the PoGo , all the media and a special 9 volt charger I had made to power it in the bush .	9 volt charger	neutral
Also , strap around the shoulder .	strap	neutral
That means that encrypting the hard drive with BitLocker requires additional steps .	hard drive	neutral
That means that encrypting the hard drive with BitLocker requires additional steps .	BitLocker	neutral
The signal strength was somewhat lower than the Intel card ( with its three antennae in the netbook lid ) , which was understandable .	signal strength	neutral
The signal strength was somewhat lower than the Intel card ( with its three antennae in the netbook lid ) , which was understandable .	Intel card	neutral
I want to you guys to know that it works well on PC and Mac OS ( it 's good for computer users who like compact keyboard).In conclusion , it 's awesome ! ! !	keyboard).In	neutral
and you will still require Applecare .	Applecare	neutral
RAM goes bad .	RAM	neutral
This is one of the best laptops for Linux .	Linux	neutral
Comprised of two small ( 1 . 5 " ) speakers ( 3W x 2 ) and a 4 inch or so passive radiator on top .	speakers	neutral
And it looks like the case is coming off all the time because it does n't clip perfectly .	case	neutral
I would prefer the strap to have a buckle , but I guess Kata was afraid of it coming off while you 're using the tripod if you do n't re - buckle it .	strap	neutral
I would prefer the strap to have a buckle , but I guess Kata was afraid of it coming off while you 're using the tripod if you do n't re - buckle it .	buckle	neutral
I can fit a hardcover book , but the main compartment sticks out enough to put some strain on the zipper .	zipper	neutral
Price should n't normally factor into a review - either something is good or not	Price	neutral
( clock time)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~TEST#3 ( single USB	clock time)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~TEST#3	neutral
( clock time)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~TEST#3 ( single USB	single USB	neutral
Anker support was unusual and very helpful .	Anker support	neutral
LG is n't doing a great job of supporting this drive , because they do not provide any of this software online for download , not even the manual .	drive	neutral
LG is n't doing a great job of supporting this drive , because they do not provide any of this software online for download , not even the manual .	software	neutral
Although I like the feel of the textured finish on this laptop , it leaves way too many fingerprints .	finish	neutral
The bag is well constructed and contains a large variety of pockets , nooks and crannies to carry lots of gear .	pockets	neutral
This is much nicer than previous laptops we 've owned where the cable port was in the back of the computer and the cable was straight .	cable port	neutral
This is much nicer than previous laptops we 've owned where the cable port was in the back of the computer and the cable was straight .	cable	neutral
The backup to the key went fast .	backup to the key	neutral
Good product , works well and uses a regular AA battery unlike most mice that require AAA .	works	neutral
Good product , works well and uses a regular AA battery unlike most mice that require AAA .	AA battery	neutral
Good product , works well and uses a regular AA battery unlike most mice that require AAA .	AAA	neutral
So here 's how to program the Transdock -Plug in the Transdock , but do n't connect the Sansa yet .	Transdock	neutral
So here 's how to program the Transdock -Plug in the Transdock , but do n't connect the Sansa yet .	Transdock	neutral
So here 's how to program the Transdock -Plug in the Transdock , but do n't connect the Sansa yet .	Sansa	neutral
Who knows maybe my monitor is nt good enough to take full advantage of the calibrator and the software ?	calibrator	neutral
Who knows maybe my monitor is nt good enough to take full advantage of the calibrator and the software ?	software	neutral
It does n't fit to well in to the port on my nexus 7 tablet .	port	neutral
I have a bunch of electric appliances in my apartment and this surge protector saves the day .	surge protector	neutral
Quick delivery and good packaging .	delivery	neutral
Quick delivery and good packaging .	packaging	neutral
At this moment , I 've been running my MBA 5 or 6 hours since the last charge , and the battery meter still shows 44 % remaining .	battery meter	neutral
The original new PCI wireless antenna could only get a sporadic 1 -2 bars and rarely connected for more than a few seconds .	PCI wireless antenna	neutral
I changed the configuration to fit everything I carry .	configuration	neutral
Battery is still going , but laptop is retiring .	Battery	neutral
A full charge will last more than 3 hours .	charge	neutral
I got it and it works fine .	works	neutral
as the battery is broken into its supposed to last longer ... had wifi on through out .. usage based on surfing primarily.+ Form factor ..	battery	neutral
as the battery is broken into its supposed to last longer ... had wifi on through out .. usage based on surfing primarily.+ Form factor ..	wifi	neutral
as the battery is broken into its supposed to last longer ... had wifi on through out .. usage based on surfing primarily.+ Form factor ..	Form factor	neutral
The overall build quality is very sturdy and it sits upright very well even when fully loaded with my gear , which to me demonstrates great design .	build quality	neutral
The overall build quality is very sturdy and it sits upright very well even when fully loaded with my gear , which to me demonstrates great design .	design	neutral
( FYI , Photosafe is a standalone backup device for most types of flash cards .	Photosafe	neutral
It has an off / on switch when not needed .	off / on switch	neutral
Overall , this is a very good bag with a solid construction and it is well designed to cater to the needs of the consumer	construction	neutral
Overall , this is a very good bag with a solid construction and it is well designed to cater to the needs of the consumer	designed	neutral
2 ) Charges two units at the same time .	Charges	neutral
On top of all the outstanding features of this computer I got an awesome deal at BrandSmart USA .	features	neutral
Granted I have a great WiFi router , but the Series 9 has equal or better signal strength anywhere in the house compared to my other laptops and devices .	signal strength	neutral
If You Need Us).By God this is the best product I have ever came across in terms of cable chargers .	cable chargers	neutral
No exactly sure why I 'd want my mouse to do all these things !	mouse	neutral
At the university where I work , we have an authorized Apple repair center .	Apple repair center	neutral
Very easy to use .	use	neutral
THIS HUB WORKS PERFECTLY FOR MY NEEDS	HUB	neutral
Speed is good enough and battery lasts for a whole day .	Speed	neutral
Speed is good enough and battery lasts for a whole day .	battery	neutral
Same comment about 4 GB of RAM with more sophisticated programs .	4 GB of RAM	neutral
Same comment about 4 GB of RAM with more sophisticated programs .	programs	neutral
this is a PCI - Express or PCIe card rated at N450 or 450 Mbps .	PCI - Express or	neutral
this is a PCI - Express or PCIe card rated at N450 or 450 Mbps .	PCIe card	neutral
fan draws air up into the chassis .	fan	neutral
fan draws air up into the chassis .	chassis	neutral
Or if you just want to take your mac on the go , you can be sure the memory foam is thick enough to protect your baby from anything .	memory foam	neutral
Only problem is that it will all of a sudden stop working , then I will hear the disconnect sound in windows ,	windows	neutral
Wifi Network	Wifi Network	neutral
The rolling wheels are well made and sturdy .	rolling wheels	neutral
It comes with a removable briefcase for a 15 " laptop that slides over the extended handle -- a really great feature if I had a need for it .	extended handle	neutral
The Targus 17 " bag is an amazing laptop case with many pockets and zippers for storage and organization .	zippers	neutral
The sound is quite nice , and as good as you can expect from small speakers in a small housing .	sound	neutral
and it recognizes my voice great and clear after setting up Realtek .	Realtek	neutral
This renders the antenna useless ! ! !	antenna	neutral
Then when I tried to stuff my cables into the back pocket , the thread holding the back pocket together just unravelled completely .	cables	neutral
Then when I tried to stuff my cables into the back pocket , the thread holding the back pocket together just unravelled completely .	thread	neutral
Then when I tried to stuff my cables into the back pocket , the thread holding the back pocket together just unravelled completely .	back pocket	neutral
These speakers were the perfect accessory for my new large flat screen TV in my library .	speakers	neutral
It 's worth the inexpensive price .	price	neutral
0000 seconds of battery power on the old battery .	battery power	neutral
0000 seconds of battery power on the old battery .	battery	neutral
If you want a highly portable cooling solution , look elsewhere .	cooling solution	neutral
Bought to replace the original laptop 's adapter ( adapter cable was frayed , exposing wires ) .	adapter	neutral
Bought to replace the original laptop 's adapter ( adapter cable was frayed , exposing wires ) .	adapter cable	neutral
Nice wide opening to get device in and outThe Cons:-	opening	neutral
and I now love my Touchpad even more !	Touchpad	neutral
The MacBook does not complain about an inadequate power supply or an incompatible / generic adaptor and everything works great .	power supply	neutral
The MacBook does not complain about an inadequate power supply or an incompatible / generic adaptor and everything works great .	adaptor	neutral
and I was up and running at speeds	speeds	neutral
The bluetooth connection is great and I 've never had an issue with connection .	bluetooth connection	neutral
The bluetooth connection is great and I 've never had an issue with connection .	connection	neutral
I 've had no issues with these cables .	cables	neutral
( I say two as you do n't really see the zipper for the smallest area in the very front of it).There is also a mesh back to this , which helps vent air plus it adds a nice cushion for your laptop .	zipper	neutral
( I say two as you do n't really see the zipper for the smallest area in the very front of it).There is also a mesh back to this , which helps vent air plus it adds a nice cushion for your laptop .	mesh back	neutral
It 's not " Wenger Synergy " quality with super thick pads , high quality build material and durability ... but it also is not the usual $ 50 + high cost bag .	pads	neutral
It 's not " Wenger Synergy " quality with super thick pads , high quality build material and durability ... but it also is not the usual $ 50 + high cost bag .	build material	neutral
It 's not " Wenger Synergy " quality with super thick pads , high quality build material and durability ... but it also is not the usual $ 50 + high cost bag .	durability	neutral
It 's not " Wenger Synergy " quality with super thick pads , high quality build material and durability ... but it also is not the usual $ 50 + high cost bag .	cost	neutral
There is a cable in between the two speakers that retracts and extends on a springing system .	speakers	neutral
The green light turns on to tell you it is connected .	green light	neutral
The Ayl sounds decent at low volume , there is a bit of bass .	volume	neutral
The Ayl sounds decent at low volume , there is a bit of bass .	bass	neutral
I got this to use in a HP Pavilion DV4000 that I installed Ubuntu Linux 14 . 04 on .	Ubuntu Linux 14	neutral
This solved my weak signal issue and now this little bad boy is giving me 70 + Mbps , which is more than enough .	signal	neutral
This laptop has a big screen , yet is light enough to compete with the light weights .	screen	neutral
For podcasts and your average movie , the sound seems very good .	sound	neutral
With wireless I was getting VERY slow response in the Media Center menu but it operates much more smoothly with the Powerline adapter connected .	wireless	neutral
With wireless I was getting VERY slow response in the Media Center menu but it operates much more smoothly with the Powerline adapter connected .	response	neutral
With wireless I was getting VERY slow response in the Media Center menu but it operates much more smoothly with the Powerline adapter connected .	Media Center menu	neutral
With wireless I was getting VERY slow response in the Media Center menu but it operates much more smoothly with the Powerline adapter connected .	operates	neutral
With wireless I was getting VERY slow response in the Media Center menu but it operates much more smoothly with the Powerline adapter connected .	Powerline adapter	neutral
Or you can completely remove the mSATA SSD and just have a single drive notebook .	mSATA SSD	neutral
Or you can completely remove the mSATA SSD and just have a single drive notebook .	drive	neutral
As of this date ( Oct. 12 , 2010 ) the HP website has newer drivers for almost everything on the Envy .	drivers	neutral
The keyboard also helps with editing and typing using Polaris Office that comes pre - installed on the tabalet .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard also helps with editing and typing using Polaris Office that comes pre - installed on the tabalet .	Polaris Office	neutral
Plus there are numerous color schemes so it should please everyone .	color schemes	neutral
I purchased this protector for my IMAC and I am very pleased with its classy look and ability to keep my screen free from dust when it is not in use .	look	neutral
I purchased this protector for my IMAC and I am very pleased with its classy look and ability to keep my screen free from dust when it is not in use .	screen	neutral
( 1 ) HARD DISK :	HARD DISK	neutral
I really did n't want to use Windows 8 but i gave it a chance and i do n't mind it so much now .	Windows 8	neutral
Extraordinarily fast sleep and wake - up ...	sleep	neutral
Extraordinarily fast sleep and wake - up ...	wake - up	neutral
This would have been far more cost effective .	cost	neutral
The case looks nice and provides protection for the tablet 's screen .	case	neutral
The case looks nice and provides protection for the tablet 's screen .	screen	neutral
The tripod also has a compass on it .	tripod	neutral
The antenna itself is pretty much useless .	antenna	neutral
I have no idea if the Microsoft XP instructions will work for Vista or 7 .	Microsoft XP instructions	neutral
I have no idea if the Microsoft XP instructions will work for Vista or 7 .	Vista	neutral
I give it 4 stars because they shipped it USPS , and the keyboard has been permanently bent so that the number pad protrudes out .	keyboard	neutral
I give it 4 stars because they shipped it USPS , and the keyboard has been permanently bent so that the number pad protrudes out .	number pad	neutral
The viewing case has an awesome design , and keeps the dvd player very secure , while at the same time making it easy for my son to change discs .	viewing case	neutral
The viewing case has an awesome design , and keeps the dvd player very secure , while at the same time making it easy for my son to change discs .	design	neutral
The viewing case has an awesome design , and keeps the dvd player very secure , while at the same time making it easy for my son to change discs .	dvd player	neutral
The design is very smart , it is magnetic so it does n't flop out randomly , but it is only about two inches wide , I just wish they had made it 3 - 5 inches wide instead as it would not have taken up any more room on the case but would make it more functional.-It takes some getting used to the keyboard in regards the use of non - alphabet characters .	design	neutral
The design is very smart , it is magnetic so it does n't flop out randomly , but it is only about two inches wide , I just wish they had made it 3 - 5 inches wide instead as it would not have taken up any more room on the case but would make it more functional.-It takes some getting used to the keyboard in regards the use of non - alphabet characters .	case	neutral
The design is very smart , it is magnetic so it does n't flop out randomly , but it is only about two inches wide , I just wish they had made it 3 - 5 inches wide instead as it would not have taken up any more room on the case but would make it more functional.-It takes some getting used to the keyboard in regards the use of non - alphabet characters .	keyboard	neutral
These are good , heavy - duty cords that stick to the EIC standard in spades .	cords	neutral
ASUS T101 Transformer Pad wo n't charge and found at least three forums where people had trouble with replacement charging cables .	charging cables	neutral
You can house in them the old Hard drive from the old computer you no longer use .	Hard drive	neutral
The display is merely adequate - nothing special to see here , move along .	display	neutral
It will overheat in no time.)I really like the opening in the center .	opening	neutral
The 8323 's probably benefited the most , gaining nearly the bass response they have plugged in to my home receiver .	bass response	neutral
You do lose the USB 3 . 0 and the HDMI out slots with the HP however , but unless you absolutely need to have those get the HP .	USB 3 . 0	neutral
You do lose the USB 3 . 0 and the HDMI out slots with the HP however , but unless you absolutely need to have those get the HP .	HDMI out slots	neutral
Buy Kensington SlimBlade Notebook Wireless Mouse with Nano Receiver instead .	Nano Receiver	neutral
I can get the volume up loud enough to be a bit too loud for my room .	volume	neutral
The free encryption software available on the web is garbage .	encryption software	neutral
Headphones were 2 brand new Beats Studio HD .	Headphones	neutral
Headphones were 2 brand new Beats Studio HD .	Beats Studio HD	neutral
GB of RAM and running Windows 7 Enterprise 64bit with Service Pack 1 .	Windows 7 Enterprise 64bit	neutral
GB of RAM and running Windows 7 Enterprise 64bit with Service Pack 1 .	Service Pack 1	neutral
8 , Desktop Graphics , 5 . 8 , Gaming Graphics , 6 . 7 , and Primary HDD , 5 .	Desktop Graphics	neutral
8 , Desktop Graphics , 5 . 8 , Gaming Graphics , 6 . 7 , and Primary HDD , 5 .	Gaming Graphics	neutral
8 , Desktop Graphics , 5 . 8 , Gaming Graphics , 6 . 7 , and Primary HDD , 5 .	HDD	neutral
Still missing Netflix and Audio Blue Tooth support which could trigger my return of the unit if not forthcoming .	Netflix	neutral
Still missing Netflix and Audio Blue Tooth support which could trigger my return of the unit if not forthcoming .	Audio Blue Tooth support	neutral
It fits perfectly on a T61 Lenovo laptop as advertised gives me a battery life of 1 . 5 hours .	battery life	neutral
If I go behind a wall just about 15 feet away , the sound will cut off .	sound	neutral
The case interior is soft and padded for good protection of your device .	case interior	neutral
I think if this keyboard was reliable it would be a cheaper just as effective replacement for the original Apple keyboard , though the OrientEX is made of plastic vice the aluminum frame of the apple keyboard .1 .	keyboard	neutral
I think if this keyboard was reliable it would be a cheaper just as effective replacement for the original Apple keyboard , though the OrientEX is made of plastic vice the aluminum frame of the apple keyboard .1 .	keyboard	neutral
I think if this keyboard was reliable it would be a cheaper just as effective replacement for the original Apple keyboard , though the OrientEX is made of plastic vice the aluminum frame of the apple keyboard .1 .	OrientEX	neutral
The next morning the magnetic connector lit up with a bright green light when I attached it , but the menu indicator showed that the battery was losing power rather than charging .	magnetic connector	neutral
The next morning the magnetic connector lit up with a bright green light when I attached it , but the menu indicator showed that the battery was losing power rather than charging .	menu	neutral
The next morning the magnetic connector lit up with a bright green light when I attached it , but the menu indicator showed that the battery was losing power rather than charging .	battery	neutral
The microII stopped outputting in anything but stereo after about a week of use ( thanks amazon for the return ! ) .	microII	neutral
The cover stay on and is a cinch to remove , unlike some reviews I 've read .	cover	neutral
A well made cable , the sturdiness reflected in the slightly larger diameter of the cable , and the fitting on the micro end ( a weak point on many cables ) might be a bit large for some protective phone cases ( fits my Otter Box Commuter fine ) .	cable	neutral
A well made cable , the sturdiness reflected in the slightly larger diameter of the cable , and the fitting on the micro end ( a weak point on many cables ) might be a bit large for some protective phone cases ( fits my Otter Box Commuter fine ) .	diameter	neutral
A well made cable , the sturdiness reflected in the slightly larger diameter of the cable , and the fitting on the micro end ( a weak point on many cables ) might be a bit large for some protective phone cases ( fits my Otter Box Commuter fine ) .	cable	neutral
A well made cable , the sturdiness reflected in the slightly larger diameter of the cable , and the fitting on the micro end ( a weak point on many cables ) might be a bit large for some protective phone cases ( fits my Otter Box Commuter fine ) .	micro end	neutral
No need to get mad , You do have to agree 1700-Up Price range is expensive but if you have the money and are planning to take care of it go ahead and buy it .	Price range	neutral
One other big plus , and one I compared to the Best Buy demos , is the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
For some reason the market decided high resolutions were not worth the price tag .	resolutions	neutral
For some reason the market decided high resolutions were not worth the price tag .	price tag	neutral
Well there 's not much to say , its a 6 foot usb cable .	6	neutral
Well there 's not much to say , its a 6 foot usb cable .	usb cable	neutral
I even installed the touchscreen mod on it , which was good fun , and quickly exposed me to the internals of netbooks .	touchscreen mod	neutral
No vent issues .	vent	neutral
I do not know how long it will last , but at this price I can afford to buy one a year .	price	neutral
This dual layer burner is fast and super compact !	dual layer burner	neutral
I will probably be buying 2 - 3 more of these for additional led strip lighting projects .	led strip lighting	neutral
It delivers as well as most other Android Tablets at a good price .	price	neutral
I was tired of using the Windows interface , and wanted an operating system that is easy and that logically made sense .	Windows interface	neutral
I was tired of using the Windows interface , and wanted an operating system that is easy and that logically made sense .	operating system	neutral
After an afternoon of setup attempts ( PC + peripherals ) , the machine crashed to a " black screen " .	setup	neutral
Without Canon 's pouch , my tele > > slips into & lt;&lt ; the top section with enough room lengthwise and width .	pouch	neutral
Without Canon 's pouch , my tele > > slips into & lt;&lt ; the top section with enough room lengthwise and width .	width	neutral
Great way to keep the laptop hard drive and have easy axsess to the data or easy transfer data to other drives .	hard drive	neutral
Great way to keep the laptop hard drive and have easy axsess to the data or easy transfer data to other drives .	drives	neutral
This cooler fan looks good and seems to work OK .	cooler fan	neutral
sound , as she calls it .	sound	neutral
Well worth the price .	price	neutral
I called Sony ready to buy an original battery and they mentioned several item numbers that I was not aware of .	battery	neutral
Not many pre - installed crapware ( new laptops do n't come with those annoying crapware that reminds you to " Try for 30 days " every 5 seconds ... had enough main programs and that 's exactly what I wanted)- Keyboard and track pad clicking are AWESOME ( big typing keys	programs	neutral
Not many pre - installed crapware ( new laptops do n't come with those annoying crapware that reminds you to " Try for 30 days " every 5 seconds ... had enough main programs and that 's exactly what I wanted)- Keyboard and track pad clicking are AWESOME ( big typing keys	Keyboard	neutral
Not many pre - installed crapware ( new laptops do n't come with those annoying crapware that reminds you to " Try for 30 days " every 5 seconds ... had enough main programs and that 's exactly what I wanted)- Keyboard and track pad clicking are AWESOME ( big typing keys	track pad clicking	neutral
Not many pre - installed crapware ( new laptops do n't come with those annoying crapware that reminds you to " Try for 30 days " every 5 seconds ... had enough main programs and that 's exactly what I wanted)- Keyboard and track pad clicking are AWESOME ( big typing keys	typing keys	neutral
I should n't be seeing that -- especially not with an audio file that 's only a few minutes long .	audio file	neutral
I found the video editor WILL NOT work right if you have HAALI codecs installed , usually comes with ffdshow .	video editor	neutral
I found the video editor WILL NOT work right if you have HAALI codecs installed , usually comes with ffdshow .	codecs	neutral
I have no desire to buy a removable dvd drive	removable dvd drive	neutral
I lost one after about 7 months , but I believe that was due to the power outages I was having when my UPS could not hold the load .	power	neutral
It was exactly as advertised and I was able to charge it very quickly with the EOM charger that came with my computer .	charge	neutral
It was exactly as advertised and I was able to charge it very quickly with the EOM charger that came with my computer .	EOM charger	neutral
I have had this same exact battery in my laptop for the past couple of years and it has been able to within quite a bit of charging and uncharging and sleep mode , etc .	battery	neutral
I have had this same exact battery in my laptop for the past couple of years and it has been able to within quite a bit of charging and uncharging and sleep mode , etc .	charging	neutral
Since integrated audio has improved , it 's been several years since I 've owned a SoundBlaster product .	integrated audio	neutral
I would n't think an adapter was a hard thing to get right , but apparently HDE has more difficulty in that department than would be expected .	adapter	neutral
I would n't think an adapter was a hard thing to get right , but apparently HDE has more difficulty in that department than would be expected .	HDE	neutral
It performs more adapter functions then any other device .	performs	neutral
It performs more adapter functions then any other device .	adapter functions	neutral
It says it fits 15 in laptops so my 13 in fit perfectly with plenty of more space !	space	neutral
even with my processor being 2 .	processor	neutral
This touch screen works well , and that is an advantage over any Apple computer product ( excluding tablets and cell phone . )	touch screen	neutral
I have had no issues with the cords , the fan or any other component .	cords	neutral
I have had no issues with the cords , the fan or any other component .	fan	neutral
And the outside pocket is big enough to carry the charger and a wireless mouse .	charger	neutral
And the outside pocket is big enough to carry the charger and a wireless mouse .	wireless mouse	neutral
I look forward to my next stay at a hotel with free wi - fi	wi - fi	neutral
USB , is not only much , MUCH slower , but less reliable .	USB	neutral
love the slick & light design .	design	neutral
Perhaps better packaging would eliminate this as a problem source .	packaging	neutral
It 's actually better without the lights being turned on .	lights	neutral
Then I would have to log off the wifi and log back on for the next 5 - 10 minutes .	wifi	neutral
The DC jack on my ASUS Laptop failed 3 times within a year .	DC jack	neutral
I would buy an original , as much as I hate to fork out $ 120 for a friggin battery , it 's night and day .	battery	neutral
but you 're getting a high quality bag that should feasibly last for years	bag	neutral
I still love this feature call me old school	feature	neutral
I am coming from a 07 macbook , so I have to get adapt to the W8 , but so far everything is running smooth .	W8	neutral
damage was only once and was the strip of the screen	screen	neutral
Hence the search for external but portable speakers .	speakers	neutral
This is great for when I actually use the on - board keyboard , since I am otherwise constantly scrolling all over the place with the palms of my hands as I try to do some typing .	on - board keyboard	neutral
However , sometime I had to reboot to get my network mounts back .	network mounts	neutral
Windows 8 is a resource hog and the interface is terrible .	Windows 8	neutral
Windows 8 is a resource hog and the interface is terrible .	interface	neutral
The case really sets my mind at ease when I lug it in my duffle bag , carry - on , or back pack .	case	neutral
If they had a 16 G cache option , it might have worked for me .	16 G cache	neutral
If most of what you do is browser based search / surfing and your media ( music , photos , etc . ) are in the cloud ...	browser	neutral
If most of what you do is browser based search / surfing and your media ( music , photos , etc . ) are in the cloud ...	surfing	neutral
I thought for $ 25 , why scrub this when I can get a new one in a color I prefer .	color	neutral
I bougth this HP for my little nice , we love it it has plenty of memory , webcam etc , it is very good and she love it , i hope you enjoy because is ship and simple to use , over all is a HP and HP	memory	neutral
I bougth this HP for my little nice , we love it it has plenty of memory , webcam etc , it is very good and she love it , i hope you enjoy because is ship and simple to use , over all is a HP and HP	webcam	neutral
I bougth this HP for my little nice , we love it it has plenty of memory , webcam etc , it is very good and she love it , i hope you enjoy because is ship and simple to use , over all is a HP and HP	use	neutral
overall : i would highly recommend this for anyone just looking for a laptop to surf the web and nothing else .	surf the web	neutral
It took me a few days to start using this stylus , since I was so used to using the touchscreen ( with my finger ) .	stylus	neutral
It took me a few days to start using this stylus , since I was so used to using the touchscreen ( with my finger ) .	touchscreen	neutral
Even when running from battery I only needed to use one half of the split - ended USB cable .	battery	neutral
Even when running from battery I only needed to use one half of the split - ended USB cable .	USB cable	neutral
It matches the Mini 's design nicely .	design	neutral
right next to the power button can not " reach " the edge of my Pro Aluminum chassis , and another one barely made it after I pressing it very hard onto my Pro Unibody .	power button	neutral
The nylon material quality is great , zippers are smooth and feel very durable .	nylon material quality	neutral
The nylon material quality is great , zippers are smooth and feel very durable .	zippers	neutral
I upgraded to 2Gb of memory , but could only find 1 .	2Gb of memory	neutral
During zooming , it took a little time to focus when I zoomed -- a second longer than I 'd like -- but from what I 've seen with my friends ' lesser quality Panasonics and Sanyos , this focuses ten times quicker than theirs .	zooming	neutral
This does not lower my review score because I never intended to use the GPS on a Wifi only device .	GPS	neutral
Also fan sound is high enough to overhear the video sounnd .	fan sound	neutral
A great lightweight way to make sure you do nt short your batteries .	batteries	neutral
this is just the right size especially with the extra pocket for the cord etc .	size	neutral
this is just the right size especially with the extra pocket for the cord etc .	cord	neutral
Keyboard is easy to get used too after a short while .	Keyboard	neutral
I stopped buying the genetic ones because it will cost more eventually , in my opinion .	cost	neutral
He has corrected the failure and all subsequent products are being manufactured with the end caps securely fitted to the roller .	end caps	neutral
I put speaker directly in front of me and started playing a Dolby HD Surround Sound test video .	Dolby HD Surround Sound	neutral
The battery is internal , so you 'll need a screwdriver and plastic pry tool when the time for a new battery comes .	battery	neutral
The battery is internal , so you 'll need a screwdriver and plastic pry tool when the time for a new battery comes .	battery	neutral
I connect the Chromebook with the HDMI , I connect a bluetooth mouse and keyboard , shut the lid on the Chromebook ( that automatically puts it into " docking " mode , so it runs with the cover closed .	HDMI	neutral
I connect the Chromebook with the HDMI , I connect a bluetooth mouse and keyboard , shut the lid on the Chromebook ( that automatically puts it into " docking " mode , so it runs with the cover closed .	bluetooth mouse	neutral
I connect the Chromebook with the HDMI , I connect a bluetooth mouse and keyboard , shut the lid on the Chromebook ( that automatically puts it into " docking " mode , so it runs with the cover closed .	keyboard	neutral
I connect the Chromebook with the HDMI , I connect a bluetooth mouse and keyboard , shut the lid on the Chromebook ( that automatically puts it into " docking " mode , so it runs with the cover closed .	docking	neutral
And if you think calling Apple support will help , think again .	Apple support	neutral
A hard case 's main purpose is to provide protection and this one does that .	hard case	neutral
Expect this stylus to work on other that the Dell Duos .	stylus	neutral
I used this USB to PS2 adapter on a custom mobo .It worked perfectly after I enabled USB support .	USB to PS2 adapter	neutral
I used this USB to PS2 adapter on a custom mobo .It worked perfectly after I enabled USB support .	USB support	neutral
The Mouse looks really cute and due to its shape perfectly fits in my hand .	Mouse	neutral
The Mouse looks really cute and due to its shape perfectly fits in my hand .	shape	neutral
Turn your computer around so that the lower end is resting on your legs and you can still plug in the fan .	fan	neutral
Windows is a work beast , and Mac is heavily tuned for casual and home computing .	Windows	neutral
it 's spacious and the wheels are smooth .	wheels	neutral
Fast boot up time is terrific too .	boot up time	neutral
However , the promised stylus and Velcro cord were not included with the order .	stylus	neutral
However , the promised stylus and Velcro cord were not included with the order .	Velcro cord	neutral
However , the size of the product is perfect for the computer , not causing it to be a problem to shut your laptop when needing too .	size	neutral
When its plugged in it automatically downloads and installs all required and relevant software and drivers .	software	neutral
When its plugged in it automatically downloads and installs all required and relevant software and drivers .	drivers	neutral
An interesting note - 6 year - olds do n't even notice that it is a smaller keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I am no longer using the second room feature .	second room feature	neutral
The case arrived quickly and was easy to figure out .	case	neutral
Just basically the weight of the cord , the actual little adapter on it is super light .	cord	neutral
I looked at numerous Windows 8 tablets ( Samsung ATIV 500 T and 700 T , Acer Iconia	Windows 8	neutral
I was in the market for a soft - sided case for my iPad 2 .	case	neutral
Unlike Apple and Windows device installs , I saw no driver install message and both devices were usable within seconds of plugging into the USB socket .	driver install	neutral
Unlike Apple and Windows device installs , I saw no driver install message and both devices were usable within seconds of plugging into the USB socket .	USB socket	neutral
I even run XWindows on my PowerBook .	XWindows	neutral
Their AV and HDMI cables are ridiculously overpriced and inferior in quality to much less expensive brands like Monoprice .	AV	neutral
Their AV and HDMI cables are ridiculously overpriced and inferior in quality to much less expensive brands like Monoprice .	HDMI cables	neutral
I was using the original cheapo speakers that came with the 5 year old PC , and these are a dream to listen to .	speakers	neutral
I 've used the sound kick with iPhones , iPads , and a MacBook Pro easily and without any trouble .	sound kick	neutral
I did try picking at the velcro , but it did n't want to come up .	velcro	neutral
Was there a tsunami where the Headamp factory is that I did n't hear about ?	Headamp factory	neutral
As others have mentioned , there is a lot of bait and switch in the software offering .	software offering	neutral
Smart - login ( using the included webcam ) works on - and - off , depending on the lighting conditions ( d - uh ! )	webcam	neutral
I had that drive for over a year ( and still have it ) before deciding to upgrade to this drive for the USB3 speeds and the all metal housing .	USB3 speeds	neutral
I had that drive for over a year ( and still have it ) before deciding to upgrade to this drive for the USB3 speeds and the all metal housing .	metal housing	neutral
I 'm pretty sure these things cost more in those days than this .	cost	neutral
You can also turn it around to extend the bottom the square under the webcam to place it on top a screen .	webcam	neutral
The front pocket with the various pouches / compartments is very nice .	front pocket	neutral
Airport security these days is so fun to go through ...	Airport security	neutral
Voila , the wireless NIC instantly found the router	wireless NIC	neutral
The Mag Safe Power Connector is another amazing design feature on this machine .	Mag Safe Power Connector	neutral
The Mag Safe Power Connector is another amazing design feature on this machine .	design feature	neutral
Pros:-Inexpensive - You never have to hunt down your cell charger ( as long as you have n't lost the usb cable)-provides more	cell charger	neutral
Pros:-Inexpensive - You never have to hunt down your cell charger ( as long as you have n't lost the usb cable)-provides more	usb cable)-provides	neutral
At first , I had my doubts about the new Iomega Drive .	Iomega Drive	neutral
Does n't work if your TV draws more than 15 watts when turned offDoesn't have a way to adjust the sensitivityOutlets are scrunched together ; no room for large power supplies	sensitivityOutlets	neutral
Does n't work if your TV draws more than 15 watts when turned offDoesn't have a way to adjust the sensitivityOutlets are scrunched together ; no room for large power supplies	power supplies	neutral
It 's sturdy and well - built .	built	neutral
, this battery did not fit a 900 ha	battery	neutral
A computer peripheral pouch is not included .	computer peripheral pouch	neutral
The scoop case works well for pocket cameras , easy to get out of case since top is open , leaving case in pocket .	scoop case	neutral
Installation could not have been easier .	Installation	neutral
It never comes completely off , but the " feet " on the bottom hit the corner pads in an odd way .	feet	neutral
It never comes completely off , but the " feet " on the bottom hit the corner pads in an odd way .	bottom	neutral
It never comes completely off , but the " feet " on the bottom hit the corner pads in an odd way .	corner pads	neutral
I do n't like the touchpad ; it seems sensitive , but often wo n't react to a double tap .	touchpad	neutral
Yet when I played certain videos on it ( some of the videos being home - made by family members ) , the volume was too low ( even with it turned all the way up ) to be easily heard by multiple people seated around a living room .	volume	neutral
It sounds surprisingly good for its size .	sounds	neutral
It sounds surprisingly good for its size .	size	neutral
I bought this on the hope to see the top drives I have sitting here , to find if they are shot or NOT , and the top drives are NOT recognized .	drives	neutral
I bought this on the hope to see the top drives I have sitting here , to find if they are shot or NOT , and the top drives are NOT recognized .	drives	neutral
In the meantime , I 'm adding one of those paper - thin mouse pads .	mouse pads	neutral
This battery was inexpensive and works beautifully .	battery	neutral
This also applies to the ethernet , which is gigabit .	ethernet	neutral
The USB cable stows in a built - in compartment .	USB cable	neutral
I ca n't say enough good things about the multitouch gestures .	multitouch gestures	neutral
In other words hassle free training sessions .	training	neutral
To start off , i got a horrible luck because of the screen bleed , which reminds me again never buy monitors unless you can see them in real life and check the screen .	screen bleed	neutral
To start off , i got a horrible luck because of the screen bleed , which reminds me again never buy monitors unless you can see them in real life and check the screen .	screen	neutral
These dongles came in the mail very quickly ( there are 2 in the package ) .	dongles	neutral
I wasinformed that I could return the hub if I want	hub	neutral
, good build quality7 .	build quality7	neutral
The only problem I am encountering ( hence the 3-star rating ) is 50 % of the time I go to turn on my laptop , the fan will start humming very loudly .	fan	neutral
But , the size apart , this is a very well constructed little bag .	size	neutral
The wires can be somewhat inconvenient , take note that you need to plug in to a USB and Mic jack .	wires	neutral
The wires can be somewhat inconvenient , take note that you need to plug in to a USB and Mic jack .	USB	neutral
The wires can be somewhat inconvenient , take note that you need to plug in to a USB and Mic jack .	Mic jack	neutral
The USB outlets do work on the new iPad ( 3rd generation ) and for my android phone .	USB outlets	neutral
Shopped around and this was priced best , arrived on time and in good condition , has been as reliable as the others that I use - totally reliable .	priced	neutral
Returning this and getting a new woofer system .	woofer system	neutral
3 " Ultrabook for several months but could n't decided on a sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
Good volume control and bass & treble adjust knob ...	volume control	neutral
Good volume control and bass & treble adjust knob ...	bass	neutral
Good volume control and bass & treble adjust knob ...	treble adjust knob	neutral
At first this was close to the original but honestly I hardly ever use my laptop on battery	battery	neutral
It still has 2 CPU 's in it .	CPU 's	neutral
Good case to carry and store all my SD memory cards for my NEX-7 camera .	SD memory cards	neutral
It 's programmable with 20 FM radio presets .	programmable	neutral
To me , that constitutes a product defect and represents wholly unacceptable product performance .	performance	neutral
My only complaint is the magnetic closure on the outside pockets .	magnetic closure	neutral
My only complaint is the magnetic closure on the outside pockets .	outside pockets	neutral
The battery is outstanding !	battery	neutral
But with switch 1 down and switch 2 up , It works on both the video and S - Video outputs .	switch	neutral
But with switch 1 down and switch 2 up , It works on both the video and S - Video outputs .	video	neutral
But with switch 1 down and switch 2 up , It works on both the video and S - Video outputs .	S - Video outputs	neutral
The Webcam works great , better then I expected .	Webcam	neutral
This is a great hardware .	hardware	neutral
I run two screens off the computer ( laptop , flat panel ) and a third portrait screen off the dock .	dock	neutral
As any other laptop , mine comes standard with 3 USB 2 . 0 ports , i have several devices and needed more ports .	USB 2 . 0 ports	neutral
As any other laptop , mine comes standard with 3 USB 2 . 0 ports , i have several devices and needed more ports .	ports	neutral
and sits on a stand with wheels	wheels	neutral
Really is a nice made case with plenty of compartments .	compartments	neutral
The fit is as good as the OEM it replaces .	fit	neutral
Small , well built .	built	neutral
Nice form factor .	form factor	neutral
The charge does not last long at all .	charge	neutral
SSD).""What Intel did with the X25-M is show the world what is possible with MLC flash .	SSD).""What	neutral
SSD).""What Intel did with the X25-M is show the world what is possible with MLC flash .	MLC flash	neutral
WHAT YOU DESERVE AT $ 400 ( Typically an increase in price fallows an increase in quality of parts .	price	neutral
works well , good price .	works	neutral
works well , good price .	price	neutral
For the past year or so I had coopted the trackpad to do the job of a numerical keypad with the use of Mobee Technology Magic Numpad .	trackpad	neutral
For the past year or so I had coopted the trackpad to do the job of a numerical keypad with the use of Mobee Technology Magic Numpad .	numerical keypad	neutral
For the past year or so I had coopted the trackpad to do the job of a numerical keypad with the use of Mobee Technology Magic Numpad .	Mobee Technology Magic Numpad	neutral
I called into Schumacher when I found that the fan does not turn off while the unit is plugged into 110/115v , even when maintaining " float " charge on the batteries , but they said this is normal -- apparently the fan is never off , and draws about 1A D. C. as it runs .	fan	neutral
I called into Schumacher when I found that the fan does not turn off while the unit is plugged into 110/115v , even when maintaining " float " charge on the batteries , but they said this is normal -- apparently the fan is never off , and draws about 1A D. C. as it runs .	batteries	neutral
I called into Schumacher when I found that the fan does not turn off while the unit is plugged into 110/115v , even when maintaining " float " charge on the batteries , but they said this is normal -- apparently the fan is never off , and draws about 1A D. C. as it runs .	fan	neutral
even though i am very happy with my purchase , i feel that the asus is tailored towards the casual user that actually needs graphics power over processing power .	graphics power	neutral
even though i am very happy with my purchase , i feel that the asus is tailored towards the casual user that actually needs graphics power over processing power .	processing power	neutral
and I wanted something small with a USB charger .	USB charger	neutral
Why such a long review for a silly sleeve ?	sleeve	neutral
It 's also quite stylish and handy to carry .	carry	neutral
The software that comes with it is a bit of a pain though .	software	neutral
Works in all systems - WinXP , Win7 32 bit and 64 bit without drivers with a MIC - love the design - can stand or mount on a flat screen / LCD / Laptop	WinXP	neutral
Works in all systems - WinXP , Win7 32 bit and 64 bit without drivers with a MIC - love the design - can stand or mount on a flat screen / LCD / Laptop	Win7	neutral
Works in all systems - WinXP , Win7 32 bit and 64 bit without drivers with a MIC - love the design - can stand or mount on a flat screen / LCD / Laptop	drivers	neutral
Works in all systems - WinXP , Win7 32 bit and 64 bit without drivers with a MIC - love the design - can stand or mount on a flat screen / LCD / Laptop	MIC	neutral
Works in all systems - WinXP , Win7 32 bit and 64 bit without drivers with a MIC - love the design - can stand or mount on a flat screen / LCD / Laptop	design	neutral
I 'm just amazed at the sound this little & # 34;ball&#34 ; provides .	sound	neutral
Easy to switch from left / right ( big deal for me since I 'm a lefty ) .	switch	neutral
I do wish the fabric was a bit more non - slip or there were some sort of indentations or risers to keep the laptop in place .	fabric	neutral
Considering WD 's design , this Sabrent enclosure is basically doing the same thing .	design	neutral
Considering WD 's design , this Sabrent enclosure is basically doing the same thing .	Sabrent enclosure	neutral
This laptop case is very sturdy as the other reviewers have stated .	case	neutral
You do n't have to worry about anything in terms of updates , security and synchronization .	security	neutral
Poor quality .	quality	neutral
Note : shipping is slow at about 2 weeks but well worth it if you do nt need the cable right away .	shipping	neutral
Note : shipping is slow at about 2 weeks but well worth it if you do nt need the cable right away .	cable	neutral
Cooling pad has seen daily use , runs almost continuosly and to date it is still running perfectly .	Cooling pad	neutral
I have to unplug the network device and re - plug it in to get it to work .	network device	neutral
+ cheap , effective , cheap , decent looking , cheap , even lighting , cool to the tough , and did I remember to mention cheap?- goose - neck is not very stiff so the product droops a little and you must set it higher than you want it to end upI use it on a computer above a keyboard tray that controls an electron microscope .	keyboard tray	neutral
The speed increase is great .	speed	neutral
Only complaint is the bloatware put on by dell .	bloatware	neutral
6 " IPS touchscreen display , Core i7 ultra low voltage cpu , 8 GB RAM , 500 GB hard drive with 32 GB SSD cache .	IPS touchscreen display	neutral
6 " IPS touchscreen display , Core i7 ultra low voltage cpu , 8 GB RAM , 500 GB hard drive with 32 GB SSD cache .	Core i7 ultra low voltage cpu	neutral
6 " IPS touchscreen display , Core i7 ultra low voltage cpu , 8 GB RAM , 500 GB hard drive with 32 GB SSD cache .	8 GB RAM	neutral
Give your laptops speakers and your ears a break .	speakers	neutral
One can see it as there is just one vent that gets blocked easily by the monitor when in a docking station .	monitor	neutral
One can see it as there is just one vent that gets blocked easily by the monitor when in a docking station .	docking station	neutral
My last sleeve the zipper always tended to get stuck on the corners .	zipper	neutral
This laptop has just about every option possible on the sides including 4 USB ports , HDMI , microphone , headphones and a memory card reader among other things .	USB ports	neutral
This laptop has just about every option possible on the sides including 4 USB ports , HDMI , microphone , headphones and a memory card reader among other things .	HDMI	neutral
This laptop has just about every option possible on the sides including 4 USB ports , HDMI , microphone , headphones and a memory card reader among other things .	microphone	neutral
This laptop has just about every option possible on the sides including 4 USB ports , HDMI , microphone , headphones and a memory card reader among other things .	headphones	neutral
This laptop has just about every option possible on the sides including 4 USB ports , HDMI , microphone , headphones and a memory card reader among other things .	memory card reader	neutral
Default is to extend the desktop but for some strange reason ( or maybe this is my first time ) - if you extend on windows xp to the second monitor and play slideshow / movie full screen , it plays on the FIRST monitorCouldnt figur eout how to play full screen on the extended desktop without it being the PRIMARY ( number display ) - minor irritant ... but am not sure if this is the OS behavior or this adaptor 's	windows xp	neutral
Default is to extend the desktop but for some strange reason ( or maybe this is my first time ) - if you extend on windows xp to the second monitor and play slideshow / movie full screen , it plays on the FIRST monitorCouldnt figur eout how to play full screen on the extended desktop without it being the PRIMARY ( number display ) - minor irritant ... but am not sure if this is the OS behavior or this adaptor 's	number display	neutral
Default is to extend the desktop but for some strange reason ( or maybe this is my first time ) - if you extend on windows xp to the second monitor and play slideshow / movie full screen , it plays on the FIRST monitorCouldnt figur eout how to play full screen on the extended desktop without it being the PRIMARY ( number display ) - minor irritant ... but am not sure if this is the OS behavior or this adaptor 's	OS behavior	neutral
But for small conference call the cell phone speaker feature works far better .	cell phone speaker feature	neutral
Connector quality is very good , all pins gold plated .	Connector quality	neutral
I told the tech my internal lightscribe drive would not burn label 's .	lightscribe drive	neutral
I wanted this one for uninterrupted power during air travel .	power	neutral
But IF NOT -We are going to disable IPv6 on all adapters .	IPv6	neutral
But IF NOT -We are going to disable IPv6 on all adapters .	adapters	neutral
I wanted to get my wife a new case for her camera equipment , but thought it best to let her pick out what appealed to her .	case	neutral
Not sure why , just personal preference , but I really do like the feel and the response .	feel	neutral
Not sure why , just personal preference , but I really do like the feel and the response .	response	neutral
Windows 8 is very hard to get accustomed to but after a learning period I just love it .	Windows 8	neutral
The mouse takes some getting used to , its is super sensitive .	mouse	neutral
It is a super - stable system .	system	neutral
Great Price and Convenient .	Price	neutral
I 'm assumed it was a defective card .	card	neutral
One minor irritation is that Logitech installs a Yahoo toolbar along with the software which I feel was unnecessary .	toolbar	neutral
One minor irritation is that Logitech installs a Yahoo toolbar along with the software which I feel was unnecessary .	software	neutral
Of course , this scenario would work only if AirPort Express is acting as a remote base station ( via WDS ) instead of Internet gateway .	AirPort Express	neutral
I purchased this after I upgraded my router to an AC router to take advantage of the increased WIFI speeds .	WIFI speeds	neutral
The ATIV has wonderful battery life : easily lasts for a whole day of any use I 've been able to find for it .	battery life	neutral
Here are my findings : ClarityHDPROS :	ClarityHDPROS	neutral
I am really surprised by this OS .	OS	neutral
The stock graphics card is garbage , so plan on spending $ 100 to replacing it if you want to do any gaming ( Skyrim / Farcry / etc).One minor annoyance is that the power button is on the top corner of the side of the tower near the button to open the CD tray instead of in front or on top , so that may require you to think about where you place it .	stock graphics card	neutral
The stock graphics card is garbage , so plan on spending $ 100 to replacing it if you want to do any gaming ( Skyrim / Farcry / etc).One minor annoyance is that the power button is on the top corner of the side of the tower near the button to open the CD tray instead of in front or on top , so that may require you to think about where you place it .	gaming	neutral
The stock graphics card is garbage , so plan on spending $ 100 to replacing it if you want to do any gaming ( Skyrim / Farcry / etc).One minor annoyance is that the power button is on the top corner of the side of the tower near the button to open the CD tray instead of in front or on top , so that may require you to think about where you place it .	power button	neutral
The stock graphics card is garbage , so plan on spending $ 100 to replacing it if you want to do any gaming ( Skyrim / Farcry / etc).One minor annoyance is that the power button is on the top corner of the side of the tower near the button to open the CD tray instead of in front or on top , so that may require you to think about where you place it .	CD tray	neutral
They keyboard is small	keyboard	neutral
It was very easy to install and setup .	install	neutral
It was very easy to install and setup .	setup	neutral
Daisy chaining multiple XBooms together the sound just gets richer and fuller .	sound	neutral
It has an adjustable shoulder strap and two side clasp locks to keep it closed .	shoulder strap	neutral
A great external Blu - Ray DVDRW device for this kind of money .	external Blu - Ray DVDRW device	neutral
The sound quality was not good at all to me .	sound quality	neutral
The N52 original - Good for first pad , but Dpad is stiff and hard to manuever	first pad	neutral
The N52 original - Good for first pad , but Dpad is stiff and hard to manuever	Dpad	neutral
But so far it works fine right out of the box .	works	neutral
And expect this to happen a lot , if you accidentally tilt the screen even a little .	screen	neutral
I was kind of disappointed that I could n't use touch to make a drawing on Google Drive .	touch	neutral
Forgot the sound was turned off on it when I got it , thought something was wrong till I went to system folder and turn the audio on , why they would ship it with not turned on is beyond me .	sound	neutral
Forgot the sound was turned off on it when I got it , thought something was wrong till I went to system folder and turn the audio on , why they would ship it with not turned on is beyond me .	system folder	neutral
Forgot the sound was turned off on it when I got it , thought something was wrong till I went to system folder and turn the audio on , why they would ship it with not turned on is beyond me .	audio	neutral
and it sounded like the bass was coming from my monitor which was great .	bass	neutral
The cooler has two different speed settings , controlled by a little wheel on the right .	speed settings	neutral
Simply turn the speaker on , and be delighted with the incredible sound that it puts out .	speaker	neutral
Simply turn the speaker on , and be delighted with the incredible sound that it puts out .	sound	neutral
This recharger works well on both my Kindle and my Kindle paper white .	recharger	neutral
A problem for me has been the software and operating system that comes with this computer is so transparent and easy to use I have n't learned anything about Linux !	software	neutral
A problem for me has been the software and operating system that comes with this computer is so transparent and easy to use I have n't learned anything about Linux !	operating system	neutral
A problem for me has been the software and operating system that comes with this computer is so transparent and easy to use I have n't learned anything about Linux !	use	neutral
A problem for me has been the software and operating system that comes with this computer is so transparent and easy to use I have n't learned anything about Linux !	Linux	neutral
Construction is superb .	Construction	neutral
Also does not cause scratches on the case of the item you are working with .	case	neutral
This is due to its innovative hinge design that allows the screen to swivel 180 degrees and collapse onto the keyboard .	hinge design	neutral
This is due to its innovative hinge design that allows the screen to swivel 180 degrees and collapse onto the keyboard .	screen	neutral
This is due to its innovative hinge design that allows the screen to swivel 180 degrees and collapse onto the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
So whatever your lightmeter is reading , I would step down about 1/3 stop more to preserve the highlight details.- Bitrate .	Bitrate	neutral
I decided to get the more expensive white model due to the faster processor , 1 GB memory standard which is in my honest opinion is a minimum requirement with Apple , and the superdrive , plus some smaller upgraded cache features .	processor	neutral
I decided to get the more expensive white model due to the faster processor , 1 GB memory standard which is in my honest opinion is a minimum requirement with Apple , and the superdrive , plus some smaller upgraded cache features .	1 GB memory standard	neutral
I decided to get the more expensive white model due to the faster processor , 1 GB memory standard which is in my honest opinion is a minimum requirement with Apple , and the superdrive , plus some smaller upgraded cache features .	superdrive	neutral
I decided to get the more expensive white model due to the faster processor , 1 GB memory standard which is in my honest opinion is a minimum requirement with Apple , and the superdrive , plus some smaller upgraded cache features .	upgraded cache features	neutral
The fan is also too weak .	fan	neutral
This is not a projector to conduct a working session , especially if it involves numbers such as using Excel as it is impossible to read unless you increase the magnification view in Excel to an impractical size .	Excel	neutral
This case is not only durable but looks and feels good .	case	neutral
A note on Buffalo 's tech support : Buffalo 's forum is a nice attempt by its users to help each other out ( but it did n't help in my case , or many many other cases judging from the unresolved help requests there ) .	Buffalo 's tech support	neutral
If you do n't type very long documents because of the small keyboard , this is a very good laptop .	keyboard	neutral
Now what rules about this monitor is the screen&#8230 ; What you notice immediately is that it is like a 1 - 1/2 inch bevel which is a little wide	screen&#8230	neutral
--I could n't correct the coloration enough to make it functional for higher quality photo editing .	coloration	neutral
It charges with the included USB cord so you will need to plug it into your computer , wall charger or maybe a USB hub to charge it .	charges	neutral
It charges with the included USB cord so you will need to plug it into your computer , wall charger or maybe a USB hub to charge it .	USB cord	neutral
It charges with the included USB cord so you will need to plug it into your computer , wall charger or maybe a USB hub to charge it .	wall charger	neutral
It charges with the included USB cord so you will need to plug it into your computer , wall charger or maybe a USB hub to charge it .	USB hub	neutral
No more sweaty back when huffing through an airport- Small top pocket that holds quick access items like iPod , keys , sunglasses , etc.- Solid top handle-	top pocket	neutral
No more sweaty back when huffing through an airport- Small top pocket that holds quick access items like iPod , keys , sunglasses , etc.- Solid top handle-	top handle-	neutral
The TV has numerous picture settings , sure to please any TV enthusiast .	picture settings	neutral
I wish I could also connect hard drives on this device .	hard drives	neutral
On my laptop , a modem sits right below the mounting for the WiFi adapter , so masking tape is there already to prevent either screw from making contact .	mounting for the	neutral
On my laptop , a modem sits right below the mounting for the WiFi adapter , so masking tape is there already to prevent either screw from making contact .	WiFi adapter	neutral
In addition , it distributes the laptop 's weight over a little larger area on your lap making use of a heavier unit a little more comfortable .	weight	neutral
For some devices , the user manual comes with a code that needs to be entered after you turn on the bluetooth feature on the devices being paired .	user manual	neutral
For some devices , the user manual comes with a code that needs to be entered after you turn on the bluetooth feature on the devices being paired .	bluetooth feature	neutral
The spindle at the base of the stand meant for winding your cord around is extremely slender , and is ill - suited for anything less than 5 meters of cable ( and less flexible cable which may become warped or damaged from being wound tightly ) .	spindle	neutral
The spindle at the base of the stand meant for winding your cord around is extremely slender , and is ill - suited for anything less than 5 meters of cable ( and less flexible cable which may become warped or damaged from being wound tightly ) .	stand	neutral
The spindle at the base of the stand meant for winding your cord around is extremely slender , and is ill - suited for anything less than 5 meters of cable ( and less flexible cable which may become warped or damaged from being wound tightly ) .	cable	neutral
The spindle at the base of the stand meant for winding your cord around is extremely slender , and is ill - suited for anything less than 5 meters of cable ( and less flexible cable which may become warped or damaged from being wound tightly ) .	cable	neutral
These are great speakers for the size and the money .	speakers	neutral
These are great speakers for the size and the money .	size	neutral
On the plus side I now have two working power bricks for the future , in case I ever lose one of them again or one of them stops working .	power bricks	neutral
THEN the pixel got bigger , the right speaker went completely dead on both headphones and external ( blew out one of his headphones ) , the multi - touch zoom does n't work , the backlight wo n't change manually or with buttons ( it 'll stay dim until you restart it ) , it got much slower after the first few days , and there are probably more problems that we are n't aware about .	pixel	neutral
THEN the pixel got bigger , the right speaker went completely dead on both headphones and external ( blew out one of his headphones ) , the multi - touch zoom does n't work , the backlight wo n't change manually or with buttons ( it 'll stay dim until you restart it ) , it got much slower after the first few days , and there are probably more problems that we are n't aware about .	right speaker	neutral
THEN the pixel got bigger , the right speaker went completely dead on both headphones and external ( blew out one of his headphones ) , the multi - touch zoom does n't work , the backlight wo n't change manually or with buttons ( it 'll stay dim until you restart it ) , it got much slower after the first few days , and there are probably more problems that we are n't aware about .	headphones	neutral
THEN the pixel got bigger , the right speaker went completely dead on both headphones and external ( blew out one of his headphones ) , the multi - touch zoom does n't work , the backlight wo n't change manually or with buttons ( it 'll stay dim until you restart it ) , it got much slower after the first few days , and there are probably more problems that we are n't aware about .	external	neutral
THEN the pixel got bigger , the right speaker went completely dead on both headphones and external ( blew out one of his headphones ) , the multi - touch zoom does n't work , the backlight wo n't change manually or with buttons ( it 'll stay dim until you restart it ) , it got much slower after the first few days , and there are probably more problems that we are n't aware about .	multi - touch zoom	neutral
THEN the pixel got bigger , the right speaker went completely dead on both headphones and external ( blew out one of his headphones ) , the multi - touch zoom does n't work , the backlight wo n't change manually or with buttons ( it 'll stay dim until you restart it ) , it got much slower after the first few days , and there are probably more problems that we are n't aware about .	backlight	neutral
I tuck one side of the zipper inside of the pack	zipper	neutral
Onto the screen now .	screen	neutral
Of course , this also has Dolby Digital 5 . 1 , DTS , and much more .	Dolby Digital 5 . 1	neutral
Was a great price .	price	neutral
This CaseLogic is just about perfect , nice snug fit with good protection , Caselogic Neoprene LHDC-1 Portable Hard Drive Case ( Dark Gray ) .	protection	neutral
This CaseLogic is just about perfect , nice snug fit with good protection , Caselogic Neoprene LHDC-1 Portable Hard Drive Case ( Dark Gray ) .	Caselogic	neutral
This CaseLogic is just about perfect , nice snug fit with good protection , Caselogic Neoprene LHDC-1 Portable Hard Drive Case ( Dark Gray ) .	Hard Drive Case	neutral
The video recording and webcam presentation are clear and distinct .	video recording	neutral
The video recording and webcam presentation are clear and distinct .	webcam presentation	neutral
The battery life is very good .	battery life	neutral
I just got this today , so I 've only been able to test it with an External USB 3 drive ( which is why I bought it ) .	External	neutral
I just got this today , so I 've only been able to test it with an External USB 3 drive ( which is why I bought it ) .	USB 3 drive	neutral
I actually hang the cables by a loop in the coils and charge devices while they are stowed along the cabinet walls by the bungees , so when unplugged they are already hanging and out of the way .	cables	neutral
so there is no need to download any software .	software	neutral
it slips in and out of the cradle easily .	cradle	neutral
This power supply has enough cords and cables to work on any system that I am likely to build .	power supply	neutral
This power supply has enough cords and cables to work on any system that I am likely to build .	cords	neutral
There are better made and designed stands for the user .	stands	neutral
The first is there should be a light on the box to represent landline connection .	landline connection	neutral
I bought this as additional RAM for my samsung series 5 ultra laptop .	RAM	neutral
Fine as a surge protector or to add additional outlets but wo n't charge IPad via USB .	surge protector	neutral
Fine as a surge protector or to add additional outlets but wo n't charge IPad via USB .	USB	neutral
This cable from BlueRigger is of the same great quality as all of their other items I have purchased .	quality	neutral
However , not all laptops have USB on the left side , but there are n't many .	USB	neutral
However , they suffer from interference problems .	interference	neutral
it 's some aetheros adapter with not very good drivers to go with it .	aetheros adapter	neutral
it 's some aetheros adapter with not very good drivers to go with it .	drivers	neutral
I believe in quality over quantity and this product represents that .	quality	neutral
Is there a faster , more simple upgrade than snapping in new RAM ?	RAM	neutral
This little product is so easy to charge , and use .	charge	neutral
This little product is so easy to charge , and use .	use	neutral
I ordered the Kiwi 250 GB model .	250 GB	neutral
7200rpm HDD , the Asus a larger 5400rpm 500gb ... winner = your choice .	500gb	neutral
What attracted me to this mouse in the first place is the miniature USB receiver / transmitter .	mouse	neutral
What attracted me to this mouse in the first place is the miniature USB receiver / transmitter .	miniature	neutral
What attracted me to this mouse in the first place is the miniature USB receiver / transmitter .	USB receiver / transmitter	neutral
I have an older optical MX mouse for my desktop and enjoyed its convenience buttons .	optical MX mouse	neutral
I have an older optical MX mouse for my desktop and enjoyed its convenience buttons .	convenience buttons	neutral
Bought this to carry on my travels to charge my USB items without having to bring each transformer with me .	USB items	neutral
The USB micro cable works just like it should .	USB micro cable	neutral
A little bit ( around $ 400 ) overpriced as compared to others laptops with same configuration , but if money is not your problem , then a must buy .	configuration	neutral
I opened up the reader and noticed that the connector is held onto the circuit board with solder and nothing else , making this connection very weak and prone to detachment .	connector	neutral
I opened up the reader and noticed that the connector is held onto the circuit board with solder and nothing else , making this connection very weak and prone to detachment .	circuit board	neutral
Wish the touchpad gestures were more configurable to what they do .. have n't looked into it too much though- hard drive is a slow 5400rpm , probably replace with a hybrid.- heavy for the size 4 .	touchpad gestures	neutral
Wish the touchpad gestures were more configurable to what they do .. have n't looked into it too much though- hard drive is a slow 5400rpm , probably replace with a hybrid.- heavy for the size 4 .	hard drive	neutral
Wish the touchpad gestures were more configurable to what they do .. have n't looked into it too much though- hard drive is a slow 5400rpm , probably replace with a hybrid.- heavy for the size 4 .	size	neutral
The functionality of tablet is my second concern when price does n't add much .	functionality	neutral
The functionality of tablet is my second concern when price does n't add much .	price	neutral
Needless to say , the only disadvantage of this type of product vs. a plug - in card or USB box is that you must chooses if you want CATV or OTA HDTV , since many of the cards and USB boxes offer separate F - connectors for cable and OTA signals .	plug - in card	neutral
Needless to say , the only disadvantage of this type of product vs. a plug - in card or USB box is that you must chooses if you want CATV or OTA HDTV , since many of the cards and USB boxes offer separate F - connectors for cable and OTA signals .	USB box	neutral
Needless to say , the only disadvantage of this type of product vs. a plug - in card or USB box is that you must chooses if you want CATV or OTA HDTV , since many of the cards and USB boxes offer separate F - connectors for cable and OTA signals .	USB	neutral
Needless to say , the only disadvantage of this type of product vs. a plug - in card or USB box is that you must chooses if you want CATV or OTA HDTV , since many of the cards and USB boxes offer separate F - connectors for cable and OTA signals .	F - connectors	neutral
Forewarning , the area to remove / change the RAM is just a bit larger than the actual RAM chip , so be very careful not to force the old RAM out and the new RAM in .	RAM	neutral
Forewarning , the area to remove / change the RAM is just a bit larger than the actual RAM chip , so be very careful not to force the old RAM out and the new RAM in .	RAM chip	neutral
Forewarning , the area to remove / change the RAM is just a bit larger than the actual RAM chip , so be very careful not to force the old RAM out and the new RAM in .	RAM	neutral
Forewarning , the area to remove / change the RAM is just a bit larger than the actual RAM chip , so be very careful not to force the old RAM out and the new RAM in .	RAM	neutral
Most of these 3rd party batteries are made with the absolute cheapest Chinese - made cells the manufacture can find , not the somewhat more expensive but far higher quality Japanese - made cells .	batteries	neutral
Most of these 3rd party batteries are made with the absolute cheapest Chinese - made cells the manufacture can find , not the somewhat more expensive but far higher quality Japanese - made cells .	cells	neutral
Most of these 3rd party batteries are made with the absolute cheapest Chinese - made cells the manufacture can find , not the somewhat more expensive but far higher quality Japanese - made cells .	cells	neutral
Sliding in the HDD requires a bit of delicate positioning to get it to connect .	HDD	neutral
If I add my external hard drive to it , the cover would have bumpy round look .	external hard drive	neutral
If I add my external hard drive to it , the cover would have bumpy round look .	cover	neutral
So Acer 's placement and structure of the physical part of the adapter is good also , ie the " antenna " is routed through the little chassis strategically , apparently ( I have yet to discover it by taking it apart , but will soon ! ) , and it 's a strong network performer , which is essential in a notebook / netbook .	structure	neutral
So Acer 's placement and structure of the physical part of the adapter is good also , ie the " antenna " is routed through the little chassis strategically , apparently ( I have yet to discover it by taking it apart , but will soon ! ) , and it 's a strong network performer , which is essential in a notebook / netbook .	antenna	neutral
So Acer 's placement and structure of the physical part of the adapter is good also , ie the " antenna " is routed through the little chassis strategically , apparently ( I have yet to discover it by taking it apart , but will soon ! ) , and it 's a strong network performer , which is essential in a notebook / netbook .	network	neutral
This one is difficult to not only size ( and putting on a different size cap is pretty darn difficult ) but just is not as good at staying in place even when sized correctly .	size	neutral
This one is difficult to not only size ( and putting on a different size cap is pretty darn difficult ) but just is not as good at staying in place even when sized correctly .	size	neutral
This one is difficult to not only size ( and putting on a different size cap is pretty darn difficult ) but just is not as good at staying in place even when sized correctly .	cap	neutral
Of course you need a HD docking station like the Vantec but this worked perfectly for me .	HD docking station	neutral
The Livescribe is the real deal .	Livescribe	neutral
The plastic inputs are quality but the cable is very crappy , but I should n't be complaining since it was like $ 5 anyways .	plastic inputs	neutral
The plastic inputs are quality but the cable is very crappy , but I should n't be complaining since it was like $ 5 anyways .	cable	neutral
All of the elastic has rubber built into it ( visible as light grey lines through the elastic in the pictures ) , which does a fantastic job of holding slippery metal or plastic items firmly in place .	elastic	neutral
All of the elastic has rubber built into it ( visible as light grey lines through the elastic in the pictures ) , which does a fantastic job of holding slippery metal or plastic items firmly in place .	rubber	neutral
All of the elastic has rubber built into it ( visible as light grey lines through the elastic in the pictures ) , which does a fantastic job of holding slippery metal or plastic items firmly in place .	elastic	neutral
On a whim , I decided to try this lil guy out , as it was $ 50 cheaper , smaller , and had the Celeron 353 processor , which most people think is inferior to the Atom as far as performance is concerned .	Celeron 353 processor	neutral
On a whim , I decided to try this lil guy out , as it was $ 50 cheaper , smaller , and had the Celeron 353 processor , which most people think is inferior to the Atom as far as performance is concerned .	performance	neutral
All in all , this is a pretty decent wireless optical mouse and it is priced attractively .	optical mouse	neutral
All in all , this is a pretty decent wireless optical mouse and it is priced attractively .	priced	neutral
I really like the dual card slots , which allow me to download directly to the unit without having to go through a CPU .	dual card slots	neutral
I really like the dual card slots , which allow me to download directly to the unit without having to go through a CPU .	CPU	neutral
but I 've heard better sounding portable Bluetooth speakers	Bluetooth speakers	neutral
I tried different songs to make sure it was n't something to do with that , but it just seems to do better at a higher volume with a computer and the adapter .	adapter	neutral
Some people just do n't like having the ear buds that go into your ear and want the external type headphones - just know that these really do go into your ear .	ear buds	neutral
Some people just do n't like having the ear buds that go into your ear and want the external type headphones - just know that these really do go into your ear .	external	neutral
Some people just do n't like having the ear buds that go into your ear and want the external type headphones - just know that these really do go into your ear .	headphones	neutral
I highly recommend this monitor if you 're looking for a high quality , ultra thin , LED backlit screen for your computer .	LED backlit screen	neutral
Sounds come out nicely and have nice bass style .	Sounds	neutral
Sounds come out nicely and have nice bass style .	bass style	neutral
great price and for once a seller that advertises specs correctly on power adapters - this one fits the ROKU 1st gen 100 % perfect with exact power requirements - helped me to revive 2 dead units after 3 months in place of buying brand new ones	price	neutral
great price and for once a seller that advertises specs correctly on power adapters - this one fits the ROKU 1st gen 100 % perfect with exact power requirements - helped me to revive 2 dead units after 3 months in place of buying brand new ones	specs	neutral
great price and for once a seller that advertises specs correctly on power adapters - this one fits the ROKU 1st gen 100 % perfect with exact power requirements - helped me to revive 2 dead units after 3 months in place of buying brand new ones	power adapters	neutral
great price and for once a seller that advertises specs correctly on power adapters - this one fits the ROKU 1st gen 100 % perfect with exact power requirements - helped me to revive 2 dead units after 3 months in place of buying brand new ones	power	neutral
Because of this:- it will not charge while ON ( operating).- will not charge from a standard computer USB port ( which is only 5V).- will not charge from standard USB chargers ( also only 5V).- make sure any non - Asus charger you buy is purpose - built for the TF300.(I do not know the situation with the other TF series , but assume it 's the same . )	charge	neutral
Because of this:- it will not charge while ON ( operating).- will not charge from a standard computer USB port ( which is only 5V).- will not charge from standard USB chargers ( also only 5V).- make sure any non - Asus charger you buy is purpose - built for the TF300.(I do not know the situation with the other TF series , but assume it 's the same . )	charge	neutral
Because of this:- it will not charge while ON ( operating).- will not charge from a standard computer USB port ( which is only 5V).- will not charge from standard USB chargers ( also only 5V).- make sure any non - Asus charger you buy is purpose - built for the TF300.(I do not know the situation with the other TF series , but assume it 's the same . )	USB port	neutral
Because of this:- it will not charge while ON ( operating).- will not charge from a standard computer USB port ( which is only 5V).- will not charge from standard USB chargers ( also only 5V).- make sure any non - Asus charger you buy is purpose - built for the TF300.(I do not know the situation with the other TF series , but assume it 's the same . )	USB chargers	neutral
I hate plugging this into my external monitor for dual screen just because of how beautiful it is .	external monitor	neutral
I hate plugging this into my external monitor for dual screen just because of how beautiful it is .	dual screen	neutral
As mentioned by others , the in - use battery life is very poor .	in - use battery life	neutral
The headphone was not compatible with my laptop at all .	headphone	neutral
Works well with mouse and headphones .	mouse	neutral
Works well with mouse and headphones .	headphones	neutral
Each pixel row is darker or lighter than it 's neighboring pixel rows .	pixel row	neutral
Each pixel row is darker or lighter than it 's neighboring pixel rows .	pixel rows	neutral
Spend a few more dollars , and get a better Bluetooth adapter .	Bluetooth adapter	neutral
This is the first one that is truly as small as I want it ( it is for travel , after all ) with three 120v and 2 USB ports .	120v	neutral
This is the first one that is truly as small as I want it ( it is for travel , after all ) with three 120v and 2 USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
build quality is awesome though .	build quality	neutral
Last year I bought another charger for around 10 bucks to replace the original cord that came with my laptop .	charger	neutral
Last year I bought another charger for around 10 bucks to replace the original cord that came with my laptop .	cord	neutral
The battery I received is NOT a Toshiba battery though the description for this item does not state " generic replacement " or " replacement for " .	battery	neutral
The battery I received is NOT a Toshiba battery though the description for this item does not state " generic replacement " or " replacement for " .	battery	neutral
It 's especially frustrating on laptops where you ca n't just slide in a new card .	card	neutral
It interfaces very easily with my Galaxy Note 2 , but the range is n't that great .	range	neutral
I ca n't remove the hard drive to protect confidential data .	hard drive	neutral
I mistype less on full size keys than island style chiclet keys .	keys	neutral
There is a BIOS update that adds to the battery life , but nothing extreme***As far as the WiFi goes , I have noticed that my connection is n't as powerful , and I may replace the card like other users have .	BIOS	neutral
There is a BIOS update that adds to the battery life , but nothing extreme***As far as the WiFi goes , I have noticed that my connection is n't as powerful , and I may replace the card like other users have .	battery life	neutral
There is a BIOS update that adds to the battery life , but nothing extreme***As far as the WiFi goes , I have noticed that my connection is n't as powerful , and I may replace the card like other users have .	WiFi	neutral
There is a BIOS update that adds to the battery life , but nothing extreme***As far as the WiFi goes , I have noticed that my connection is n't as powerful , and I may replace the card like other users have .	card	neutral
Affordable adapters that work for extending or converting with HDMI , micro- , or mini - HDMI these will fit most of your needs .	HDMI	neutral
Affordable adapters that work for extending or converting with HDMI , micro- , or mini - HDMI these will fit most of your needs .	micro-	neutral
Much faster opening up applications and running multiple programs at once .	opening up applications	neutral
Much faster opening up applications and running multiple programs at once .	running	neutral
Much faster opening up applications and running multiple programs at once .	programs	neutral
The C720 is definitely a second computer , but it is the best web based device to have .	web based	neutral
Some keys are not quite straight	keys	neutral
Unlike my other backpacks , it does n't look dirty and scuffed on the bottom even after heavy use .	bottom	neutral
I can store the netbook in its zipper case with the receiver plugged in .	receiver	neutral
This cuts down on the cords needed for the speaker .	cords	neutral
This cuts down on the cords needed for the speaker .	speaker	neutral
It was pretty much " plug - n - play " after selecting that the unit was USB then loading the software and entering the unlock code a stop at Garmin website and an easy software update .	software	neutral
It was pretty much " plug - n - play " after selecting that the unit was USB then loading the software and entering the unlock code a stop at Garmin website and an easy software update .	software update	neutral
and i was hopeing this we can use hdmi on it	hdmi	neutral
listen to the other guy 's comment which stated that it only works with the padding it comes with for shipping .	shipping	neutral
I also have a Folio 13 btw which is hands on the best ultraportable out there for the price of $ 850 .	price	neutral
And clicking the button areas at the bottom of the trackpad takes a lot of pressure , more than clicking should .	button areas	neutral
And clicking the button areas at the bottom of the trackpad takes a lot of pressure , more than clicking should .	trackpad	neutral
In fact , the " menu " button does n't work at all when the AUX input is being used .	" menu " button	neutral
In fact , the " menu " button does n't work at all when the AUX input is being used .	AUX input	neutral
Delivery was fast .	Delivery	neutral
" It 's very hard to know if you really have more power , but your brain thinks you do !	power	neutral
While there are plenty of Chrome apps to choose from , none are to the quality of commercially available ones-	Chrome apps	neutral
very disapointed in this battery .	battery	neutral
I expected to see some issues with wireless connectivity , there were none .	wireless connectivity	neutral
I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office .	MAC OS	neutral
I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office .	iMac	neutral
I can read my keyboard in very low light conditions after using these .	keyboard	neutral
This bothered me at first , but once I realized that if I 'm close enough to read the menus I 'm close enough to use my finger on the iPhone screen instead of the remote .	remote	neutral
His choice of delivery people made his buyers comfortable .	delivery people	neutral
It just does n't charge anything anymore .	charge	neutral
I use it with those two - sided tapes pasted at four corners of this pad , so that my note does n't slip out from it .	pad	neutral
I DID TO KEEP THE HEADPHONE WIRES	HEADPHONE WIRES	neutral
There are not a lot of other docking stations available .	docking stations	neutral
happily , the good amazon people reimbursed me - bottom part and optical drive exterior case is made of quite cheap plastic which is in sharp contrast to fantastic bamboo finish - Asus add - on software	optical drive exterior case	neutral
happily , the good amazon people reimbursed me - bottom part and optical drive exterior case is made of quite cheap plastic which is in sharp contrast to fantastic bamboo finish - Asus add - on software	bamboo finish	neutral
Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a little more length in their charger .	length	neutral
Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a little more length in their charger .	charger	neutral
Still , it is n't a bad flash drive , and it is a great convient buy .	flash drive	neutral
I think it is an excellent organizer and hold everything I need .	organizer	neutral
I find most useful the percentage of my CPU and Ram being used at the moment , interesting to see while you 're playing games that take up a lot of both .	CPU	neutral
I find most useful the percentage of my CPU and Ram being used at the moment , interesting to see while you 're playing games that take up a lot of both .	Ram	neutral
I find most useful the percentage of my CPU and Ram being used at the moment , interesting to see while you 're playing games that take up a lot of both .	games	neutral
When compared with other cheaper locks , the quality of this lock really shows .	quality	neutral
When compared with other cheaper locks , the quality of this lock really shows .	lock	neutral
applications)- there is no context menu key ( equivalent to right click on the focused control )	applications)-	neutral
applications)- there is no context menu key ( equivalent to right click on the focused control )	context menu key	neutral
Plug in the mini displayport on your mac , and attach the DVI cable to the display .	mini displayport	neutral
Plug in the mini displayport on your mac , and attach the DVI cable to the display .	DVI cable	neutral
Plug in the mini displayport on your mac , and attach the DVI cable to the display .	display	neutral
Adding this memory to a memory challenged ( 512 MB ) laptop really improved the over - all performance of the machine and the irritating low memory reports are gone .	memory	neutral
Adding this memory to a memory challenged ( 512 MB ) laptop really improved the over - all performance of the machine and the irritating low memory reports are gone .	memory	neutral
Adding this memory to a memory challenged ( 512 MB ) laptop really improved the over - all performance of the machine and the irritating low memory reports are gone .	performance	neutral
Adding this memory to a memory challenged ( 512 MB ) laptop really improved the over - all performance of the machine and the irritating low memory reports are gone .	memory	neutral
Most of the time I end up throwing my power cord into either my purse of tote bag .	power cord	neutral
The sound from this little dock was very good .	sound	neutral
While the battery life is short , I like that	battery life	neutral
When fullyt charge it give you around three hour of power so you can do any task with your notebook .	power	neutral
Though the pocket entry is on the outside , the actual pocket resides inside the main compartment and I could see my glasses getting smashed inside unless I was n't carrying anything too bulky inside the main compartment .	pocket entry	neutral
Though the pocket entry is on the outside , the actual pocket resides inside the main compartment and I could see my glasses getting smashed inside unless I was n't carrying anything too bulky inside the main compartment .	pocket	neutral
Works well enough , though low graphics capabilities , only 128Mb ...	Works	neutral
Works well enough , though low graphics capabilities , only 128Mb ...	graphics capabilities	neutral
Make sure you have plenty of room or you do n't mind damaged cables .	cables	neutral
Since the screens are pretty tiny compared to regular laptops , I thought a little larger screen would be a good thing .	screens	neutral
Since the screens are pretty tiny compared to regular laptops , I thought a little larger screen would be a good thing .	screen	neutral
NoT regarding cost , it was still in the top three .	cost	neutral
Not only do the fans engage less often , but electrical consumption is reduced at lower temperatures .	fans	neutral
Not only do the fans engage less often , but electrical consumption is reduced at lower temperatures .	electrical consumption	neutral
It does not have any serious side pockets or roomy internal compartments ( you might be able to fit several folders with papers next to your laptop , but even a power supply would buldge from the side ) , does not provide any protection for your computer other than a medium - thin padding on all sides , and does not seem to be water or dirt - proof .	internal compartments	neutral
It does not have any serious side pockets or roomy internal compartments ( you might be able to fit several folders with papers next to your laptop , but even a power supply would buldge from the side ) , does not provide any protection for your computer other than a medium - thin padding on all sides , and does not seem to be water or dirt - proof .	power supply	neutral
This memory performs flawlessly and is priced right .	memory	neutral
This memory performs flawlessly and is priced right .	performs	neutral
This memory performs flawlessly and is priced right .	priced	neutral
I went to the Control Panel | System | Hardware |	Control Panel	neutral
I went to the Control Panel | System | Hardware |	System	neutral
I went to the Control Panel | System | Hardware |	Hardware	neutral
It took me a while to figure out how to turn the LED 's on : it 's a small wheel switch in the cable .	LED 's	neutral
It took me a while to figure out how to turn the LED 's on : it 's a small wheel switch in the cable .	wheel switch	neutral
It took me a while to figure out how to turn the LED 's on : it 's a small wheel switch in the cable .	cable	neutral
I took a chance and ordered to of these memory modules and now my reports 16 GB 1333 MHz DDR3 .	memory modules	neutral
I decided to make a power supply for using my laptop in the car .	power supply	neutral
Although I have yet to actually burn one , software seems relatively easy to use .	software	neutral
Although I have yet to actually burn one , software seems relatively easy to use .	use	neutral
The audio made a huge jump though in quality and I had to turn the volume down significantly on HDMI when played through the TV speakers .	audio	neutral
The audio made a huge jump though in quality and I had to turn the volume down significantly on HDMI when played through the TV speakers .	HDMI	neutral
It wo n't charge that either ! ? ! ?	charge	neutral
There was nothing at all to the setup -- just plug in the USB connector .	setup	neutral
There was nothing at all to the setup -- just plug in the USB connector .	USB connector	neutral
I am going to irritate a lot of tech savvy people .	tech	neutral
They were perfectly synced so it was difficult to discern that you were listening to two sets of speakers .	speakers	neutral
I am currently using with component cable until HDMI cable coming within couple of days .	component cable	neutral
I am currently using with component cable until HDMI cable coming within couple of days .	HDMI cable	neutral
The mouse is small enough to fit nicely in your hand but functional enough to perform all necessary tasks quietly , quickly , and efficiently .	mouse	neutral
It is a bit heavy and the screen is not as nice as a retina display ipad but it is just fine for everyday tasks .	screen	neutral
The rubber feet help it to not move around on a smooth surface and there are two rubber rings around the hinge axle that help your phone stay in place because it makes contact with the back .	rubber feet	neutral
The rubber feet help it to not move around on a smooth surface and there are two rubber rings around the hinge axle that help your phone stay in place because it makes contact with the back .	rubber rings	neutral
The rubber feet help it to not move around on a smooth surface and there are two rubber rings around the hinge axle that help your phone stay in place because it makes contact with the back .	hinge axle	neutral
Controls on top are simple power , Bluetooth sync , aux , mute , and volume .	Controls	neutral
Controls on top are simple power , Bluetooth sync , aux , mute , and volume .	power	neutral
Controls on top are simple power , Bluetooth sync , aux , mute , and volume .	Bluetooth sync	neutral
Controls on top are simple power , Bluetooth sync , aux , mute , and volume .	aux	neutral
Controls on top are simple power , Bluetooth sync , aux , mute , and volume .	mute	neutral
Controls on top are simple power , Bluetooth sync , aux , mute , and volume .	volume	neutral
Chromebook is more revolutionary than the first Apple or the Windows OS .	Windows OS	neutral
I used it maybe thrice ( 3 ) and my battery died quick .	battery	neutral
Pretty quick charge and advertised battery life !	charge	neutral
Pretty quick charge and advertised battery life !	battery life	neutral
I plugged the charger back in , thinking that it is only the first time , and the same thing displayed .	charger	neutral
I think this will work very good for anyone wanting that extra space .	space	neutral
It works like it should .	works	neutral
For the price I do n't think anything can touch it .	price	neutral
In LWS my processor ( dual 3 . 06GHz ) runs about 25 % capturing 1080p , but about 45 % capturing 480p .	processor	neutral
I bought this battery because another brand that I purchased less than a year ago had already failed to re - charge .	battery	neutral
I bought this battery because another brand that I purchased less than a year ago had already failed to re - charge .	charge	neutral
If it had an IPS display it would be a no - brainer , but it does not .	IPS display	neutral
but just a click of the left button	left button	neutral
The card works just as well as my kodak card -- no noticeable performance differences whatsoever .	card	neutral
The card works just as well as my kodak card -- no noticeable performance differences whatsoever .	performance	neutral
AND its a subscription service ... annual re - up , $ 10 , for now .	subscription service	neutral
The fan noise is audible , but it is not as loud as my laptop 's fan gets when the computer is struggling .	fan noise	neutral
The fan noise is audible , but it is not as loud as my laptop 's fan gets when the computer is struggling .	fan	neutral
It wo n't type as easy as the full keyboard - what do you want ?	full keyboard	neutral
These speakers pack great sound , covenience , portability , and user freindly all in one package .	speakers	neutral
These speakers pack great sound , covenience , portability , and user freindly all in one package .	sound	neutral
These speakers pack great sound , covenience , portability , and user freindly all in one package .	portability	neutral
Packaging looked like a used product .. unsealed packaging .	Packaging	neutral
Packaging looked like a used product .. unsealed packaging .	packaging	neutral
Just do n't count on anything resembling ' useful ' from Asus ' tech support .	tech support	neutral
If you do plan on upping the RAM in this machine , I 'd say it 'd be a good idea to up the OS too to Home Premium .	RAM	neutral
If you do plan on upping the RAM in this machine , I 'd say it 'd be a good idea to up the OS too to Home Premium .	OS	neutral
To wrap things up , this is a great mid - range gaming system at a great price .	gaming system	neutral
To wrap things up , this is a great mid - range gaming system at a great price .	price	neutral
I use it primarily in my car to listen to music streaming from Amazon 's new cloud drive / player .	cloud drive / player	neutral
I like the fact that it 's a top - loader as that reduces the potential for the computer to come tumbling out if you open a zipper ( the case , not your pants ) too far at the TSA line .	zipper	neutral
I like the fact that it 's a top - loader as that reduces the potential for the computer to come tumbling out if you open a zipper ( the case , not your pants ) too far at the TSA line .	TSA	neutral
If the interest is in trying GD filters the Goja filters are more then affordable and do a very nice job .	GD filters	neutral
For those keeping tabs on the hardware , my unit has the Elan touchpad , the SanDisk U100 256 GB SSD , and the Atheros AR9485WB - EG wireless network adapter .	hardware	neutral
For those keeping tabs on the hardware , my unit has the Elan touchpad , the SanDisk U100 256 GB SSD , and the Atheros AR9485WB - EG wireless network adapter .	Elan touchpad	neutral
For those keeping tabs on the hardware , my unit has the Elan touchpad , the SanDisk U100 256 GB SSD , and the Atheros AR9485WB - EG wireless network adapter .	SanDisk U100	neutral
For those keeping tabs on the hardware , my unit has the Elan touchpad , the SanDisk U100 256 GB SSD , and the Atheros AR9485WB - EG wireless network adapter .	256 GB SSD	neutral
Out of the box , when I turned it on and clicked on Explorer , a message popped up : Recover Web Page .	Explorer	neutral
These cases run big , and I wish they had a stronger shell .	shell	neutral
I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a replacement or for an additional adapter ...	adapter	neutral
The page up / page down keys do n't work , nor do Home and End .	page up	neutral
The page up / page down keys do n't work , nor do Home and End .	page down keys	neutral
I read some reviews saying the connection is loose ... etc .	connection	neutral
The only " problem " , and not much of one really , is that it does not fit very snug in the USB port .	USB port	neutral
only complaint is price and it could be louder ...	price	neutral
Where else do you need such security ?	security	neutral
I like the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Unhappily , it will only charge the battery on the supplied cable , which is very short .	battery	neutral
Great IPS screen .	IPS screen	neutral
I 'm not sure if maybe because I got used to it or because of the new SSD or because of the new windows re - install .	SSD	neutral
I 'm not sure if maybe because I got used to it or because of the new SSD or because of the new windows re - install .	windows re - install	neutral
I 've realized that the reason that many people are addicted to surfing the web is that you have easy access to multiple sources of information on any topic .	surfing the web	neutral
I do wish that it had a little pocket on the shoulder straps for my cell phone .	shoulder straps	neutral
Awesome laptop for the price .	price	neutral
but I imagine paralinx does a little better but for 3x the price .	paralinx	neutral
but I imagine paralinx does a little better but for 3x the price .	price	neutral
My charger dead from dell how I found this	charger	neutral
About 50 % of the time the drive could not be found or was off line .	drive	neutral
My ultrabook fits perfectly and tightly width - wise ( shorter side ) and there 's about half an inch of extra space length - wise	width	neutral
My ultrabook fits perfectly and tightly width - wise ( shorter side ) and there 's about half an inch of extra space length - wise	space	neutral
My ultrabook fits perfectly and tightly width - wise ( shorter side ) and there 's about half an inch of extra space length - wise	length	neutral
but I do nt have any problems with my other 3 . 5 drives not being held tight in my case like the floppy drive ( yes I still own one ) or the 3 . 5 inch media card reader .	floppy drive	neutral
but I do nt have any problems with my other 3 . 5 drives not being held tight in my case like the floppy drive ( yes I still own one ) or the 3 . 5 inch media card reader .	3 . 5 inch media card reader	neutral
But how is the sound quality ?	sound quality	neutral
I can encrypt the entire drive and access it so fast that its like there is no change .	drive	neutral
does not work with Windows 8 despite a comment advising it does ; I called their Tech service and was told should have ordered model ending in NHA	Windows 8	neutral
does not work with Windows 8 despite a comment advising it does ; I called their Tech service and was told should have ordered model ending in NHA	Tech service	neutral
When you go back into Ghost , you 'll see the drive .	drive	neutral
My Dell laptop , for still unserviceable reasons , will not upgrade to Vista SP2 .	Vista SP2	neutral
Upgraded to 8 GB in order to run parallels and the RAM is good , have been using it for nearly 2 years and have no regrets .	parallels	neutral
Upgraded to 8 GB in order to run parallels and the RAM is good , have been using it for nearly 2 years and have no regrets .	RAM	neutral
This modern looking thing looks out of place in my garage but like me it works like a champ .	works	neutral
By necessity , one of my speakers sits a bit farther from my desk than the other , and I had initially expected to be able to compensate for this through the L / R balance .	L / R balance	neutral
It has no apparent affect on screen clarity , and I would notice if it did .	screen clarity	neutral
If you pop out the riser , there is a little slot that you can store the nano receiver in .	riser	neutral
If you pop out the riser , there is a little slot that you can store the nano receiver in .	nano receiver	neutral
Previous problems with incomplete file transfers went away and the signal strength was strong in every room of the house .	file transfers	neutral
Previous problems with incomplete file transfers went away and the signal strength was strong in every room of the house .	signal strength	neutral
Cons : small screen ; super micro USB adapter ; limited 4 G coverage ( but major cities I travel to are , so not so worried )	screen	neutral
Cons : small screen ; super micro USB adapter ; limited 4 G coverage ( but major cities I travel to are , so not so worried )	micro USB adapter	neutral
Cons : small screen ; super micro USB adapter ; limited 4 G coverage ( but major cities I travel to are , so not so worried )	4 G coverage	neutral
Depending on how sensitive your hearing or how much superior quality you need your sound to be , this may or may not be a deciding factor .	sound	neutral
One could not be recognized on my mac till I reformatted it on a linux box .	linux box	neutral
The hard drive is oddly partitioned into a c : drive with about 100 GB and a d : drive with about 125 GB .	hard drive	neutral
The hard drive is oddly partitioned into a c : drive with about 100 GB and a d : drive with about 125 GB .	c : drive	neutral
The hard drive is oddly partitioned into a c : drive with about 100 GB and a d : drive with about 125 GB .	d : drive	neutral
I was very disappointed in the LC speakers .	LC speakers	neutral
Beware , This zip drive does not come blank .	zip drive	neutral
You 'll have to download and reinstall your laptop 's drivers ( just look up the model at the manufacturer 's website ) which will take maybe an hour extra .	drivers	neutral
Lots of pockets and compartments .	pockets	neutral
Lots of pockets and compartments .	compartments	neutral
So if you do load up your bag , handle it gently and always carry it with both straps .	straps	neutral
and it works fine .	works	neutral
I bought the new 6600mAh battery as a replacement for an old Anker battery of the same size on an Inspiron 1545 laptop .	battery	neutral
It also does n't have any firm structural frame to it .	structural frame	neutral
The receiver can also store inside the mouse if you do not want to leave it plugged in .	receiver	neutral
The receiver can also store inside the mouse if you do not want to leave it plugged in .	mouse	neutral
It 's a tight neoprene , not particularly thick but not uselessly thin either .	neoprene	neutral
Kuzy really is the best brand for macbook covers for the price .	price	neutral
This is an all - plastic construction enclosure and there is no telling how well those slots will hold up over continuous use from taking it apart or if dropped .	enclosure	neutral
This is an all - plastic construction enclosure and there is no telling how well those slots will hold up over continuous use from taking it apart or if dropped .	slots	neutral
now my netbook has two nano usbs in the 3 available usb ports ,	nano usbs	neutral
now my netbook has two nano usbs in the 3 available usb ports ,	usb ports	neutral
I really like the mouse and will probably take a chance on another one .	mouse	neutral
Connect speed 65mbps .	Connect speed	neutral
The laptop said it does not recognize it , please insert an approved 90 watt adapter .	90 watt adapter	neutral
Windows 7 is such a huge improvement to Vista 32bit .	Windows 7	neutral
Windows 7 is such a huge improvement to Vista 32bit .	Vista 32bit	neutral
As a result , The sound of the speaker is crystal - like for those high - quality music files-- this speaker has a high definition for the sound so that you can distinguish music files with high quality from those with poor quality .	sound	neutral
As a result , The sound of the speaker is crystal - like for those high - quality music files-- this speaker has a high definition for the sound so that you can distinguish music files with high quality from those with poor quality .	quality	neutral
But the bag does everything that the sales description says it does .	sales description	neutral
I ca n't wait to trade it out for an SSD or at least a 7200RPM .	SSD	neutral
If you 're looking fora ) a gaming mouse , b ) a mouse with all the latest doo - dads ( hyperscroll , microscroll , side buttons , etc.),c ) a standard - sized desktop mouse , d ) a supersmall portable notebook mouse , e ) a mouse with a greater than 2 foot USB cable attachment , f ) a mouse that will connect to a computer whose USB port is more than 2 feet away from your mousing hand , g ) a cordless , wireless mouse , h ) highly contoured , right - hand specific mouse , THEN THIS IS NOT THE MOUSE FOR YOU .	gaming mouse	neutral
If you 're looking fora ) a gaming mouse , b ) a mouse with all the latest doo - dads ( hyperscroll , microscroll , side buttons , etc.),c ) a standard - sized desktop mouse , d ) a supersmall portable notebook mouse , e ) a mouse with a greater than 2 foot USB cable attachment , f ) a mouse that will connect to a computer whose USB port is more than 2 feet away from your mousing hand , g ) a cordless , wireless mouse , h ) highly contoured , right - hand specific mouse , THEN THIS IS NOT THE MOUSE FOR YOU .	mouse	neutral
If you 're looking fora ) a gaming mouse , b ) a mouse with all the latest doo - dads ( hyperscroll , microscroll , side buttons , etc.),c ) a standard - sized desktop mouse , d ) a supersmall portable notebook mouse , e ) a mouse with a greater than 2 foot USB cable attachment , f ) a mouse that will connect to a computer whose USB port is more than 2 feet away from your mousing hand , g ) a cordless , wireless mouse , h ) highly contoured , right - hand specific mouse , THEN THIS IS NOT THE MOUSE FOR YOU .	desktop mouse	neutral
If you 're looking fora ) a gaming mouse , b ) a mouse with all the latest doo - dads ( hyperscroll , microscroll , side buttons , etc.),c ) a standard - sized desktop mouse , d ) a supersmall portable notebook mouse , e ) a mouse with a greater than 2 foot USB cable attachment , f ) a mouse that will connect to a computer whose USB port is more than 2 feet away from your mousing hand , g ) a cordless , wireless mouse , h ) highly contoured , right - hand specific mouse , THEN THIS IS NOT THE MOUSE FOR YOU .	mouse	neutral
If you 're looking fora ) a gaming mouse , b ) a mouse with all the latest doo - dads ( hyperscroll , microscroll , side buttons , etc.),c ) a standard - sized desktop mouse , d ) a supersmall portable notebook mouse , e ) a mouse with a greater than 2 foot USB cable attachment , f ) a mouse that will connect to a computer whose USB port is more than 2 feet away from your mousing hand , g ) a cordless , wireless mouse , h ) highly contoured , right - hand specific mouse , THEN THIS IS NOT THE MOUSE FOR YOU .	USB cable attachment	neutral
If you 're looking fora ) a gaming mouse , b ) a mouse with all the latest doo - dads ( hyperscroll , microscroll , side buttons , etc.),c ) a standard - sized desktop mouse , d ) a supersmall portable notebook mouse , e ) a mouse with a greater than 2 foot USB cable attachment , f ) a mouse that will connect to a computer whose USB port is more than 2 feet away from your mousing hand , g ) a cordless , wireless mouse , h ) highly contoured , right - hand specific mouse , THEN THIS IS NOT THE MOUSE FOR YOU .	mouse	neutral
If you 're looking fora ) a gaming mouse , b ) a mouse with all the latest doo - dads ( hyperscroll , microscroll , side buttons , etc.),c ) a standard - sized desktop mouse , d ) a supersmall portable notebook mouse , e ) a mouse with a greater than 2 foot USB cable attachment , f ) a mouse that will connect to a computer whose USB port is more than 2 feet away from your mousing hand , g ) a cordless , wireless mouse , h ) highly contoured , right - hand specific mouse , THEN THIS IS NOT THE MOUSE FOR YOU .	USB port	neutral
If you 're looking fora ) a gaming mouse , b ) a mouse with all the latest doo - dads ( hyperscroll , microscroll , side buttons , etc.),c ) a standard - sized desktop mouse , d ) a supersmall portable notebook mouse , e ) a mouse with a greater than 2 foot USB cable attachment , f ) a mouse that will connect to a computer whose USB port is more than 2 feet away from your mousing hand , g ) a cordless , wireless mouse , h ) highly contoured , right - hand specific mouse , THEN THIS IS NOT THE MOUSE FOR YOU .	mouse	neutral
If you 're looking fora ) a gaming mouse , b ) a mouse with all the latest doo - dads ( hyperscroll , microscroll , side buttons , etc.),c ) a standard - sized desktop mouse , d ) a supersmall portable notebook mouse , e ) a mouse with a greater than 2 foot USB cable attachment , f ) a mouse that will connect to a computer whose USB port is more than 2 feet away from your mousing hand , g ) a cordless , wireless mouse , h ) highly contoured , right - hand specific mouse , THEN THIS IS NOT THE MOUSE FOR YOU .	MOUSE	neutral
I paid 1/3 of the retails price , but would have paid double of what I paid because of the excellent quality and sound from something so small .	price	neutral
I paid 1/3 of the retails price , but would have paid double of what I paid because of the excellent quality and sound from something so small .	quality	neutral
I paid 1/3 of the retails price , but would have paid double of what I paid because of the excellent quality and sound from something so small .	sound	neutral
Until all input sources provide a consistent , high quality video signal calibrated for digital displays , the better digital sets will have to offer many adjustment possibilities , and digital set owners will have to frequently interact with their sets to adjust out those flaws .	video signal	neutral
There are lots of ports for various accessories .	ports	neutral
; IDE internal HDD that I wanted to use as an external drive , I 'd buy another of these .	IDE internal HDD	neutral
; IDE internal HDD that I wanted to use as an external drive , I 'd buy another of these .	external drive	neutral
Do n't waste your money and just get a cable from a well - known brand .	cable	neutral
Zippers are heavy duty .	Zippers	neutral
My office computer is a Mac Pro with the 23 " Cinema display , so now I can set up my laptop with the same screen resolution and apps take up the same amount of screen real estate as on the desktop , only the text is a bit smaller .	23 " Cinema display	neutral
My office computer is a Mac Pro with the 23 " Cinema display , so now I can set up my laptop with the same screen resolution and apps take up the same amount of screen real estate as on the desktop , only the text is a bit smaller .	screen resolution	neutral
My office computer is a Mac Pro with the 23 " Cinema display , so now I can set up my laptop with the same screen resolution and apps take up the same amount of screen real estate as on the desktop , only the text is a bit smaller .	apps	neutral
My office computer is a Mac Pro with the 23 " Cinema display , so now I can set up my laptop with the same screen resolution and apps take up the same amount of screen real estate as on the desktop , only the text is a bit smaller .	screen real estate	neutral
My office computer is a Mac Pro with the 23 " Cinema display , so now I can set up my laptop with the same screen resolution and apps take up the same amount of screen real estate as on the desktop , only the text is a bit smaller .	text	neutral
Battery life really depends on the settings of the computer .	Battery life	neutral
It just seems a little big and boxy for a 4-way splitter .	4-way splitter	neutral
I had a full sized LG DVD drive that was absolutely reliable and based on that	LG DVD drive	neutral
The HD is there and can be removed with one screw .	HD	neutral
Too Long Did n't Read Version : Best for the price , does an adequate job , and if you 're on a budget this is the one to buy .	price	neutral
It is easy to use and the back flap is perfect for a pair of shoes or all those cords for your laptop .	use	neutral
It is easy to use and the back flap is perfect for a pair of shoes or all those cords for your laptop .	back flap	neutral
It is a nice keyboard in my opinion .	keyboard	neutral
Does handle DVDs , though.- Again , " beats audio " is good for a laptop , but do n't expect home theater ...	beats audio	neutral
Boots in seconds , wakes from sleep in seconds , supports Flash sites , Netflix streaming , has a webcam for Google Hangout .	Boots	neutral
Boots in seconds , wakes from sleep in seconds , supports Flash sites , Netflix streaming , has a webcam for Google Hangout .	wakes	neutral
Boots in seconds , wakes from sleep in seconds , supports Flash sites , Netflix streaming , has a webcam for Google Hangout .	Flash sites	neutral
Boots in seconds , wakes from sleep in seconds , supports Flash sites , Netflix streaming , has a webcam for Google Hangout .	Netflix streaming	neutral
Boots in seconds , wakes from sleep in seconds , supports Flash sites , Netflix streaming , has a webcam for Google Hangout .	webcam	neutral
Boots in seconds , wakes from sleep in seconds , supports Flash sites , Netflix streaming , has a webcam for Google Hangout .	Google Hangout	neutral
The computer / e - reader area is perfect - the compartment is easy to access but is n't in your face visible so people snooping wo n't easily find your valuables .	computer /	neutral
The computer / e - reader area is perfect - the compartment is easy to access but is n't in your face visible so people snooping wo n't easily find your valuables .	e - reader area	neutral
The computer / e - reader area is perfect - the compartment is easy to access but is n't in your face visible so people snooping wo n't easily find your valuables .	compartment	neutral
The applications load fast and just seem more integrated than Office 2007 .	applications	neutral
The applications load fast and just seem more integrated than Office 2007 .	Office 2007	neutral
Seems a little surprising and disappointing considering the price and quality otherwise , so ca n't give it 5 stars .	price	neutral
Seems a little surprising and disappointing considering the price and quality otherwise , so ca n't give it 5 stars .	quality	neutral
I would recommend this transmitter for reasonable distances and where shifting it from one place to another would be helpful .	transmitter	neutral
If you want a player for quality HiDef video and do n't care about features this is a great player .	HiDef video	neutral
If you want a player for quality HiDef video and do n't care about features this is a great player .	features	neutral
The labeling system is a great bonus .	labeling system	neutral
Unfortunately the 2 charging ports are not data ports.*This hub can not charge an iPad and communicate with it at the same time.*If I looked into the description a little more closely I might have figured this out , but it 's not obvious .	charging ports	neutral
Unfortunately the 2 charging ports are not data ports.*This hub can not charge an iPad and communicate with it at the same time.*If I looked into the description a little more closely I might have figured this out , but it 's not obvious .	data ports.*This	neutral
well I like the rubberized feel	rubberized feel	neutral
Of course , this is when the security updates start , but that 's to be expected .	security updates	neutral
The software with the product was not so good .	software	neutral
It 's a trade off , but either is a good buy vs. the typical netbooks that are available with Win 7 starter .	Win 7 starter	neutral
The nice price did n't hurt either .	price	neutral
This model comes with two buttons to boot from .	boot	neutral
It does seem a little bit lighter in weight , a bit .	weight	neutral
There 's plenty of competition though ( and alternative even within Logitech ) , so think about how often you 'll use it and what features are most desirable .	features	neutral
Moreover , the price was not much more than many adapters and less than some expensive adaptors .	price	neutral
Moreover , the price was not much more than many adapters and less than some expensive adaptors .	adaptors	neutral
I recommend to buy this flash drive and quality also good .	flash drive	neutral
I recommend to buy this flash drive and quality also good .	quality	neutral
The biggest selling point of Android tablets is its extreme portability and lower power usage ( battery life ) and developer support .	portability	neutral
The biggest selling point of Android tablets is its extreme portability and lower power usage ( battery life ) and developer support .	power usage	neutral
The biggest selling point of Android tablets is its extreme portability and lower power usage ( battery life ) and developer support .	battery life	neutral
The biggest selling point of Android tablets is its extreme portability and lower power usage ( battery life ) and developer support .	developer support	neutral
: Tracpad takes a little getting used toThe default type on the screen is a little smallYou may want to increase the font size to 125 %	Tracpad	neutral
: Tracpad takes a little getting used toThe default type on the screen is a little smallYou may want to increase the font size to 125 %	font size	neutral
I bent the 2 edges to make them closer to coplanar with the surface of the rest of the sheet metal the fan is attached to , otherwise the fan could touch the far side of the copper heat pipe assembly .	edges	neutral
I bent the 2 edges to make them closer to coplanar with the surface of the rest of the sheet metal the fan is attached to , otherwise the fan could touch the far side of the copper heat pipe assembly .	fan	neutral
I bent the 2 edges to make them closer to coplanar with the surface of the rest of the sheet metal the fan is attached to , otherwise the fan could touch the far side of the copper heat pipe assembly .	fan	neutral
I bent the 2 edges to make them closer to coplanar with the surface of the rest of the sheet metal the fan is attached to , otherwise the fan could touch the far side of the copper heat pipe assembly .	copper heat pipe assembly	neutral
This device would be a major necessity for a serious player spending hours on one or two major games .	games	neutral
It does n't effect the performance any and since it faces the lap or desk , nobody will know but me .	performance	neutral
I updated the software because the Thunderbolt port is being used to connect to the StarTech and then to an external disk drive .	software	neutral
I updated the software because the Thunderbolt port is being used to connect to the StarTech and then to an external disk drive .	Thunderbolt port	neutral
I updated the software because the Thunderbolt port is being used to connect to the StarTech and then to an external disk drive .	StarTech	neutral
I updated the software because the Thunderbolt port is being used to connect to the StarTech and then to an external disk drive .	external disk drive	neutral
So if you pick it up with your computer , you have to make sure you pick it up by the edges and not the middle or you will stop the fan , stressing it .	edges	neutral
So if you pick it up with your computer , you have to make sure you pick it up by the edges and not the middle or you will stop the fan , stressing it .	fan	neutral
So far as it has aired out , the smell has disappiated mostly .	smell	neutral
I was forever losing my lens caps until I got these .	lens caps	neutral
All the functionality I need in a non - gaming machine .	functionality	neutral
All the functionality I need in a non - gaming machine .	gaming	neutral
And the best part is that the trackpad still works , so if the hands get sore , you can switch .	trackpad	neutral
The software that comes with the Optia camera is Windows only .	software	neutral
The software that comes with the Optia camera is Windows only .	Optia camera	neutral
In hopes that this will help someone else , here was my problem : The instructions for the thing say , & # 34;In Windows 8 .	instructions	neutral
In hopes that this will help someone else , here was my problem : The instructions for the thing say , & # 34;In Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
If the key skipping and LED are the only issues I run into	key skipping	neutral
If the key skipping and LED are the only issues I run into	LED	neutral
Sent it back for i7 version , I was going crazy with the wifi issues of this i5 unit .	i7 version	neutral
Sent it back for i7 version , I was going crazy with the wifi issues of this i5 unit .	wifi	neutral
Works great !	Works	neutral
Instead , it is a generic switching adapter .	switching adapter	neutral
> Broadcom to download exactly firmware dd - wrt .	Broadcom	neutral
works good .	works	neutral
The plastic used on the headphone is very cheap , and the worst part is the number of buttons on the headphone makes it almost impossible to navigate when you ca n't see it on your head .	plastic	neutral
The plastic used on the headphone is very cheap , and the worst part is the number of buttons on the headphone makes it almost impossible to navigate when you ca n't see it on your head .	headphone	neutral
The plastic used on the headphone is very cheap , and the worst part is the number of buttons on the headphone makes it almost impossible to navigate when you ca n't see it on your head .	buttons	neutral
The plastic used on the headphone is very cheap , and the worst part is the number of buttons on the headphone makes it almost impossible to navigate when you ca n't see it on your head .	headphone	neutral
The plastic used on the headphone is very cheap , and the worst part is the number of buttons on the headphone makes it almost impossible to navigate when you ca n't see it on your head .	navigate	neutral
I checked on Amazon and this one was identical , except for the cost .	cost	neutral
The quality of the slip is excellent and the zippers feel solid .	slip	neutral
The quality of the slip is excellent and the zippers feel solid .	zippers	neutral
Easy to install , and fits great .	install	neutral
The speakers are not at all powerful .	speakers	neutral
Also this is very comfortable to wear and the color is very good looking .	wear	neutral
Also this is very comfortable to wear and the color is very good looking .	color	neutral
As for sound quality of course it 's no Bose	sound quality	neutral
the icon for this program has been the same for years , and looks like a gradeschooler made it for Windows 3 . 0 .	program	neutral
the icon for this program has been the same for years , and looks like a gradeschooler made it for Windows 3 . 0 .	Windows 3 . 0	neutral
( It can be rectified by using a USB cable extender .	USB cable extender	neutral
I like the side pouch for carrying smaller items such as a flash drive , which has a smaller pouch included inside .	side pouch	neutral
I like the side pouch for carrying smaller items such as a flash drive , which has a smaller pouch included inside .	flash drive	neutral
I do n't quite get the 11 hrs some people are claiming , but I run with networking very active and the screen medium bright .	networking	neutral
I do n't quite get the 11 hrs some people are claiming , but I run with networking very active and the screen medium bright .	screen	neutral
Everything I said is true enough , but a dead dock sort of negates it all .	dock	neutral
Does not support two antennas , and only works in g - speeds in linux .	antennas	neutral
Does not support two antennas , and only works in g - speeds in linux .	g - speeds	neutral
Being the tech savvy one in my household , its good to know they 're out there , in case I ever need them !	tech	neutral
If your video shooting desires fit in with its limited functions , this camera might be useful , but it seems to me it is just an expensive , limited function toy .	functions	neutral
First of all , the product does n't bring any instructions manual at all .	instructions manual	neutral
If you change the composite input source you have to mess around with all the settings again .	composite input source	neutral
And the last warning , when you power the unit up it very normal for the bios screens to look ok but the opening windows screen to look completely messed up , but do n't panic !	bios screens	neutral
And the last warning , when you power the unit up it very normal for the bios screens to look ok but the opening windows screen to look completely messed up , but do n't panic !	opening windows screen	neutral
The only other storage is a thin external pouch with a small velcro closure .	storage	neutral
The only other storage is a thin external pouch with a small velcro closure .	external pouch	neutral
The plus of the SSSD is that because you are n't spinning a disk you get better battery life ( I have n't experiment with that , so no data ) and also you do n't have to worry about mechanical damage to the disk .... vibration , etc .	SSSD	neutral
The plus of the SSSD is that because you are n't spinning a disk you get better battery life ( I have n't experiment with that , so no data ) and also you do n't have to worry about mechanical damage to the disk .... vibration , etc .	disk	neutral
The plus of the SSSD is that because you are n't spinning a disk you get better battery life ( I have n't experiment with that , so no data ) and also you do n't have to worry about mechanical damage to the disk .... vibration , etc .	battery life	neutral
The plus of the SSSD is that because you are n't spinning a disk you get better battery life ( I have n't experiment with that , so no data ) and also you do n't have to worry about mechanical damage to the disk .... vibration , etc .	mechanical	neutral
The plus of the SSSD is that because you are n't spinning a disk you get better battery life ( I have n't experiment with that , so no data ) and also you do n't have to worry about mechanical damage to the disk .... vibration , etc .	disk	neutral
The battery in my mac laptop needed replacing .	battery	neutral
After installing the memory in my new laptop , I installed Windows 8 Professional and started getting all sorts of OS crashes during the initial setup phase .	memory	neutral
After installing the memory in my new laptop , I installed Windows 8 Professional and started getting all sorts of OS crashes during the initial setup phase .	Windows 8 Professional	neutral
After installing the memory in my new laptop , I installed Windows 8 Professional and started getting all sorts of OS crashes during the initial setup phase .	OS	neutral
After installing the memory in my new laptop , I installed Windows 8 Professional and started getting all sorts of OS crashes during the initial setup phase .	setup	neutral
The quality has been good enough that this is the first time that I have had to deal with Samsung on a warranty question .	quality	neutral
The quality has been good enough that this is the first time that I have had to deal with Samsung on a warranty question .	warranty	neutral
; drives - take all those brackets out !	drives	neutral
No tiered system either that will double the carrying capacity by stowing rarely used lenses and flashes at the bottom and a camera with main lens attached stowed on top .	system	neutral
No tiered system either that will double the carrying capacity by stowing rarely used lenses and flashes at the bottom and a camera with main lens attached stowed on top .	carrying capacity	neutral
No tiered system either that will double the carrying capacity by stowing rarely used lenses and flashes at the bottom and a camera with main lens attached stowed on top .	lens	neutral
The price is also pretty great !	price	neutral
There is also a screen - sharing feature that allows you to comandeer another persons computer ( if they have Leopard ) and control what 's on their screen or vis - versa .	screen - sharing feature	neutral
It works wonderfully with my Asus .	works	neutral
It works great at an affordable rate .	works	neutral
The cable is very heavy duty and appears well made .	cable	neutral
I mounted the old USB hub to the lid of my laptop and intended to do the same with the HooToo .	USB hub	neutral
The other half keeps killing her external drives so this is a last chance effort to find one that she ca n't kill .	external drives	neutral
The ActiveSync software raises HELL on my computer , freezing with such lovely consistency , you almost think that 's part of the show ( I 'm using Windows ME , 64 MB and USB connection ) 4 .	ActiveSync software	neutral
The ActiveSync software raises HELL on my computer , freezing with such lovely consistency , you almost think that 's part of the show ( I 'm using Windows ME , 64 MB and USB connection ) 4 .	Windows ME	neutral
The ActiveSync software raises HELL on my computer , freezing with such lovely consistency , you almost think that 's part of the show ( I 'm using Windows ME , 64 MB and USB connection ) 4 .	USB connection	neutral
Fn - F8 = Turn On , Off , External Display , or ProjectorFn - F9 =	External Display	neutral
" " A " " S " and " D " firstly because they do n't have to be mapped to those keys and secondly because , as I said just now , they have indentations clearly setting them apart from the other keys .	keys	neutral
" " A " " S " and " D " firstly because they do n't have to be mapped to those keys and secondly because , as I said just now , they have indentations clearly setting them apart from the other keys .	keys	neutral
I do n't use the laptop that often but if charged and left for a week or three the battery needs to be charged again .	battery	neutral
I am still learning how to do things that were simple with Windows 7 , and some features seem to have disappeared .	Windows 7	neutral
I am still learning how to do things that were simple with Windows 7 , and some features seem to have disappeared .	features	neutral
This cord works very well to reduce the clutter and allow me to carry both the battery and the iPhone or iPad , even in my hand , when the need to charge my device becomes a necessity .	cord	neutral
This cord works very well to reduce the clutter and allow me to carry both the battery and the iPhone or iPad , even in my hand , when the need to charge my device becomes a necessity .	battery	neutral
This cord works very well to reduce the clutter and allow me to carry both the battery and the iPhone or iPad , even in my hand , when the need to charge my device becomes a necessity .	charge	neutral
I normally will buy Sandisk memory , but so far this is working without problems .	Sandisk memory	neutral
On a speedtest I was able to achieve no better than 0 .	speedtest	neutral
My joints and manual dexterity are not what they once were ; I found there was less stress on my hands when I was able to touch the screen rather than using the track pad .	screen	neutral
My joints and manual dexterity are not what they once were ; I found there was less stress on my hands when I was able to touch the screen rather than using the track pad .	track pad	neutral
This adapter came with it to connect one of the two monitors , that are DVI input only .	DVI input	neutral
The price is good , especially after the coupon .	price	neutral
I loaded in the driver and plugged in the adapter into some machines using XP Pro and Vista Business OS and it has worked well every time .	driver	neutral
I loaded in the driver and plugged in the adapter into some machines using XP Pro and Vista Business OS and it has worked well every time .	adapter	neutral
I loaded in the driver and plugged in the adapter into some machines using XP Pro and Vista Business OS and it has worked well every time .	XP Pro	neutral
I loaded in the driver and plugged in the adapter into some machines using XP Pro and Vista Business OS and it has worked well every time .	Vista Business OS	neutral
And it crashes , no way I can eject the disc unless I turn it off first .	disc	neutral
Forget any visions of running games .	games	neutral
and I wanted something with a bit more focus on the browser .	browser	neutral
The headband is also very uncomfortable -- I do n't have a very large head , but the headband is way too tight when adjusted to the correct length .	headband	neutral
The headband is also very uncomfortable -- I do n't have a very large head , but the headband is way too tight when adjusted to the correct length .	headband	neutral
and it works ( Netgear adapter not plugged in ) .	Netgear adapter	neutral
I think the handles minimize the risk of dropping , and make it easy to carry .	handles	neutral
I think the handles minimize the risk of dropping , and make it easy to carry .	carry	neutral
and I 've already had to replace the main USB cable .	USB cable	neutral
Even if a more tech savy person than me could get it working on the ACER , it is not a simple plug and play solution such as I have on my Compaq , or on on a newer PC using HDMI .	HDMI	neutral
Last but not least , the velcro strap that holds the macbook air in place is useless and actually gets in the way .	velcro strap	neutral
Light is bright and adjustable and works well for reading my Nook in the dark .	Light	neutral
You should not have to read fine print to find out that a car has no engine .	engine	neutral
Great charger , low price , prompt shipment , what more could you want .	charger	neutral
Great charger , low price , prompt shipment , what more could you want .	price	neutral
Great charger , low price , prompt shipment , what more could you want .	shipment	neutral
The base station allows you to share your iTunes collection among all the computers in your home assuming the computer with your main library is turned on , your airport express is working properly , and iTunes is running on your two computers ( or more ) .	base station	neutral
The base station allows you to share your iTunes collection among all the computers in your home assuming the computer with your main library is turned on , your airport express is working properly , and iTunes is running on your two computers ( or more ) .	iTunes	neutral
The base station allows you to share your iTunes collection among all the computers in your home assuming the computer with your main library is turned on , your airport express is working properly , and iTunes is running on your two computers ( or more ) .	airport express	neutral
The base station allows you to share your iTunes collection among all the computers in your home assuming the computer with your main library is turned on , your airport express is working properly , and iTunes is running on your two computers ( or more ) .	iTunes	neutral
Aesthetics and Build QualityAttempts at apply pressure on the LCD does not produce a ripple which should allow it to withstand pressure applied on the cover .	Build QualityAttempts	neutral
Aesthetics and Build QualityAttempts at apply pressure on the LCD does not produce a ripple which should allow it to withstand pressure applied on the cover .	LCD	neutral
Aesthetics and Build QualityAttempts at apply pressure on the LCD does not produce a ripple which should allow it to withstand pressure applied on the cover .	cover	neutral
And here I was looking at these fan operated ones that were USB generated that would zap my battery power .	fan	neutral
And here I was looking at these fan operated ones that were USB generated that would zap my battery power .	USB generated	neutral
And here I was looking at these fan operated ones that were USB generated that would zap my battery power .	battery power	neutral
DVD player is great too .	DVD player	neutral
I ca n't comment on the battery life since we leave it plugged into a USB wall wart .	battery life	neutral
I ca n't comment on the battery life since we leave it plugged into a USB wall wart .	USB wall wart	neutral
This hand held laptop has so many great features , such as a touch screen and a great wifi connection .	features	neutral
This hand held laptop has so many great features , such as a touch screen and a great wifi connection .	touch screen	neutral
This hand held laptop has so many great features , such as a touch screen and a great wifi connection .	wifi connection	neutral
I 'm not sure how practical this is as it does take a little more effort to grab the pen and move it to the tablet compared with grabbing a mouse and mousing .	pen	neutral
I 'm not sure how practical this is as it does take a little more effort to grab the pen and move it to the tablet compared with grabbing a mouse and mousing .	mouse	neutral
Replacement for a defective power supply .	power supply	neutral
This item is well made , has just enough pockets for everything ( without overwhelming you with too many pockets ) .	pockets	neutral
This item is well made , has just enough pockets for everything ( without overwhelming you with too many pockets ) .	pockets	neutral
Am zon gave me a full refund less the shipping but provided the lable ...	shipping	neutral
It 's not the sharpest resolution , of course , but it does the job .	resolution	neutral
These ram sticks will degrade the quality and speed of your computer and that s if it even works at all .	ram sticks	neutral
These ram sticks will degrade the quality and speed of your computer and that s if it even works at all .	speed	neutral
I gave this product 4 stars because the bouncing action and static at top loudness .	bouncing action	neutral
The strap does support it , though it 's a little flimsy .	strap	neutral
It 's not quite surround sound , but the simulated surround sound is still impressive .	surround sound	neutral
It 's not quite surround sound , but the simulated surround sound is still impressive .	simulated	neutral
It 's not quite surround sound , but the simulated surround sound is still impressive .	surround sound	neutral
Love the touch option .	touch option	neutral
Love that function .	function	neutral
This inexpensive cat5 cable has brought internet into my garage .	cat5 cable	neutral
and it lasted two years before my sisters screen would n't work ( we are twins and got same one and same time ) .	screen	neutral
So he gave me the money to buy a new case , and I had no doubt : bought the same model!!!It fits a 14 " laptop perfectly , protects it very well .	case	neutral
Wiresless works fine .	Wiresless	neutral
Purcahsed my battery from ATC LLC via Amazon .	battery	neutral
The player comes with a USB power cable .	USB power cable	neutral
Anyway , after you run the installer , it requires a restart .	installer	neutral
This adapter solved it .	adapter	neutral
Samsung advertises 7 . 5 hours of continuos use .	use	neutral
I actually bought several of them when a large red office supply chain liquidated them for 25 bucks , just so I could charge the Xoom without the attrocious , ready to break charging plug .	charging plug	neutral
And god forbid you try to use an app while listening to music , you ca n't .	app	neutral
The case fits the tablet beautifully and more importantly places the screen the way it was meant to be placed .	case	neutral
The case fits the tablet beautifully and more importantly places the screen the way it was meant to be placed .	screen	neutral
excellent computer for those who need something practical and economical , brings little memory , but for the price can not be required much	memory	neutral
excellent computer for those who need something practical and economical , brings little memory , but for the price can not be required much	price	neutral
WITH THE SIZE , ITS TOO SMALL ( PERFECT FOR A 10 YEARS OLD BOY )	SIZE	neutral
Even if you already have good speakers , these ones are great for portable , or even just as another room .	speakers	neutral
the size of the mouse is slightly smaller than a normal mouse , but not so tiny as to cramp your hands .	size	neutral
the size of the mouse is slightly smaller than a normal mouse , but not so tiny as to cramp your hands .	mouse	neutral
the size of the mouse is slightly smaller than a normal mouse , but not so tiny as to cramp your hands .	mouse	neutral
Using the battery right now , running for over 2 hours and still has 50 % battery life .. could n't ask for more ..	battery	neutral
Using the battery right now , running for over 2 hours and still has 50 % battery life .. could n't ask for more ..	battery life	neutral
I uninstalled and updated drivers	drivers	neutral
Just for your reference , this machine uses the Broadcom driver .	Broadcom driver	neutral
Screen is better , but still has backlight bleed ...	Screen	neutral
You ca n't do that with an HDD , you have to wait for a few seconds before you can start browsing.- WiDi connectivity	HDD	neutral
You ca n't do that with an HDD , you have to wait for a few seconds before you can start browsing.- WiDi connectivity	WiDi connectivity	neutral
I would have put a slot for the charging cable so I could keep it closed and still charge the tablet .	charging cable	neutral
I am using this device with a late 2011 MacBook , 15&#34 ; , i7 quad with a 24&#34 ; 1920x1200 monitor .	i7 quad	neutral
I am using this device with a late 2011 MacBook , 15&#34 ; , i7 quad with a 24&#34 ; 1920x1200 monitor .	24&#34	neutral
, it works great , and costs a lot less than from Dell .	works	neutral
, it works great , and costs a lot less than from Dell .	costs	neutral
The player does come with some earphones that suck and a neck loop that is great if you run in the woods or at night where no one can see what an idiot you look like .	earphones	neutral
The player does come with some earphones that suck and a neck loop that is great if you run in the woods or at night where no one can see what an idiot you look like .	neck loop	neutral
I also purchased a neoprene sleeve style case for my laptop and I put that sleeve into the computer slot .	neoprene sleeve style case	neutral
I also purchased a neoprene sleeve style case for my laptop and I put that sleeve into the computer slot .	sleeve	neutral
Headphone Extension Cordso	Headphone Extension Cordso	neutral
Let me say that I was happy when the item came because it looks nice and feels well built .	built	neutral
Very good price on a style of cord commonly used in laptop charges and other chargers too .	price	neutral
Very good price on a style of cord commonly used in laptop charges and other chargers too .	cord	neutral
You pay more for the service , and you have to buy the box ( cable companies " loan " you the box ) , but they make sure it 's worth it .	service	neutral
The other thing now happening is the scroll wheel is " jumping " up and down during scrolling	scroll wheel	neutral
The other thing now happening is the scroll wheel is " jumping " up and down during scrolling	scrolling	neutral
Next hold the eject botton on the side of the TV , and turn the power on while still holding the eject button - keep holding it until it ejects .	eject botton	neutral
Next hold the eject botton on the side of the TV , and turn the power on while still holding the eject button - keep holding it until it ejects .	eject button	neutral
This is the second battery I 've ordered for this laptop from Amazon in the past week .	battery	neutral
Bought the 11 . 6 inch size as a way of protecting my tablet while it 's in my backpack .	11 . 6 inch size	neutral
the wire that splits into 3 power connectors for hard drives was too short for the second group of hard drives .	wire	neutral
the wire that splits into 3 power connectors for hard drives was too short for the second group of hard drives .	power connectors	neutral
the wire that splits into 3 power connectors for hard drives was too short for the second group of hard drives .	hard drives	neutral
the wire that splits into 3 power connectors for hard drives was too short for the second group of hard drives .	hard drives	neutral
After a few weeks of use I ordered a second one from another seller on Amazon ( cheaper - but the same Anker model ) for my wife to take to meetings for use with her Kindle Fire HD ( a really crappy Tablet low of features , but she like it ) .	features	neutral
The static goes away when it 's about 1 foot away from the dongle , but still has the whine .	dongle	neutral
Considered a wall mount , but the stand mount worked out fine and it swivels , even though the view is fine from large viewing angle .	wall mount	neutral
Considered a wall mount , but the stand mount worked out fine and it swivels , even though the view is fine from large viewing angle .	stand mount	neutral
Considered a wall mount , but the stand mount worked out fine and it swivels , even though the view is fine from large viewing angle .	swivels	neutral
It 's not available here on Amazon , but any mouse that has the Micro Nano USB receiver will work with this netbook .	mouse	neutral
It 's not available here on Amazon , but any mouse that has the Micro Nano USB receiver will work with this netbook .	Micro Nano USB receiver	neutral
Additionally , the keyboard cover does not fit well and is also of poor quality , but figured that would be the case when I bought it and did n't really want it to begin with .	keyboard cover	neutral
Between the 3rd and 4th pouch there is not a zipper but 2 clips that hold that section together .	zipper	neutral
The only charging method is the supplied wall wart ( no USB charging).It has a minimal set of apps installed .	charging method	neutral
The only charging method is the supplied wall wart ( no USB charging).It has a minimal set of apps installed .	wall wart	neutral
The only charging method is the supplied wall wart ( no USB charging).It has a minimal set of apps installed .	USB charging).It	neutral
The only charging method is the supplied wall wart ( no USB charging).It has a minimal set of apps installed .	apps	neutral
It does not recognize PowerPoint , which is sort of the coin of the realm for business and educational presentations .	PowerPoint	neutral
Had the Turnstyle 5 and that was just a little too small for me .	Turnstyle 5	neutral
I will say it would have been nice if the plug was a little differently positioned	plug	neutral
With that though , there is really no way to put much of anything else in the numerous pockets unless it 's slim .	pockets	neutral
RIGHT NOW , I 'd have gotten the highest capacity Solid State Drive that they offer .	Solid State Drive	neutral
they 're not big enough for water bottles , not padded for camera equipment , and not secure enough for memory cards or batteries .	memory cards	neutral
they 're not big enough for water bottles , not padded for camera equipment , and not secure enough for memory cards or batteries .	batteries	neutral
I do n't use any Firewire devices so the lack of a Firewire port has never been a problem for me .	Firewire devices	neutral
I do n't use any Firewire devices so the lack of a Firewire port has never been a problem for me .	Firewire port	neutral
I decided to hook up an older 22 inch Digital monitor with no HDMI port .	HDMI port	neutral
The plug fits loosely so it will only charge when its held at a certain angle .	plug	neutral
The plug fits loosely so it will only charge when its held at a certain angle .	charge	neutral
but it seems to lack crispness .	crispness	neutral
Upon arrival , I installed the software and then the card into the cardbus slot of my PC .	software	neutral
Upon arrival , I installed the software and then the card into the cardbus slot of my PC .	card	neutral
Upon arrival , I installed the software and then the card into the cardbus slot of my PC .	cardbus slot	neutral
The Bad:1- Terrible ergonomics , this is serious , they make the keyboard so small , and most actions require the touchpad , now I have to wear a splint for carpal tunnel syndrome .	ergonomics	neutral
The Bad:1- Terrible ergonomics , this is serious , they make the keyboard so small , and most actions require the touchpad , now I have to wear a splint for carpal tunnel syndrome .	keyboard	neutral
The Bad:1- Terrible ergonomics , this is serious , they make the keyboard so small , and most actions require the touchpad , now I have to wear a splint for carpal tunnel syndrome .	touchpad	neutral
This keyboard is OKNot incredible , you do get what you pay forThe build quality is cheap and CLEARLY plasticFor 15 bucks	keyboard	neutral
This keyboard is OKNot incredible , you do get what you pay forThe build quality is cheap and CLEARLY plasticFor 15 bucks	build quality	neutral
The laptop pocket has a retaining strap .	laptop pocket	neutral
The laptop pocket has a retaining strap .	retaining strap	neutral
I live in a townhouse so the router was upstairs therefore the signal needs to arrive to the HAWNU1 at an angle through several walls and the floor .	signal	neutral
My I - Pad on its own just does n't have enough juice ; I have to carry it around where ever I am because otherwise , I could n't hear it .	I - Pad	neutral
My first purchase of Mii Buttons and I love them .	Mii Buttons	neutral
Second , the stand does not fit my 15 .	stand	neutral
My only complaint is that , before I even got the machine the price went down	price	neutral
Item was well packaged and included power cord .	power cord	neutral
BT Range is nominal .	BT Range	neutral
I ( Heart ) Radio gives a rich and loud sound .	sound	neutral
I really like the styling , comfortable shoulder straps and lots of pockets .	styling	neutral
I really like the styling , comfortable shoulder straps and lots of pockets .	shoulder straps	neutral
I really like the styling , comfortable shoulder straps and lots of pockets .	pockets	neutral
It 's long & thick enough & sold at the Right low price .	price	neutral
I unplugged the power cord and the laptop shut off .	power cord	neutral
None of them are perfect but if all is right with the world and your computer , this one is relatively easy to install and usually works well signal - wise , particularly with a booster on your router ( bought the Linksys booster for their wireless router and there was a huge improvement with all of these devices).Take note of the installation procedures since each OS has different steps to follow .	Linksys booster	neutral
None of them are perfect but if all is right with the world and your computer , this one is relatively easy to install and usually works well signal - wise , particularly with a booster on your router ( bought the Linksys booster for their wireless router and there was a huge improvement with all of these devices).Take note of the installation procedures since each OS has different steps to follow .	OS	neutral
The mouse started flaking out about a month ago .	mouse	neutral
The curved straps have 1 " thick padding down their length and are 3 1/2 " wide for comfort .	curved straps	neutral
Serious lack of customization .	customization	neutral
The worst part is that the active stage 's neighboring stages can be see at the edges of the screen ( you can see that in the images in Amazon 's item description ) .	screen	neutral
I 'd previously read some horror stories about getting SecureBoot working properly with Linux systems	SecureBoot	neutral
I 'd previously read some horror stories about getting SecureBoot working properly with Linux systems	Linux	neutral
Works well , but sometimes has cutout when I type on my laptop keyboard or wander in front of the receiver at the receiver end .	keyboard	neutral
Works well , but sometimes has cutout when I type on my laptop keyboard or wander in front of the receiver at the receiver end .	receiver	neutral
You will only get the full performance of 1 .	performance	neutral
I bought this off a recommendation of a friend who let me use this for a video player I had bought .	video player	neutral
At around $ 34 you ca n't beat it 's performance .	performance	neutral
I do n't know why others have had problems with the speakerphone .	speakerphone	neutral
Setup was extremely easy-	Setup	neutral
Casting a browser window works okay , but you need a strong wifi connection .	browser window	neutral
Casting a browser window works okay , but you need a strong wifi connection .	wifi connection	neutral
So much so that the system reacts to the heat by slowing the CPU to a crawl so that the chip is n't ruined .	system	neutral
So much so that the system reacts to the heat by slowing the CPU to a crawl so that the chip is n't ruined .	CPU	neutral
So much so that the system reacts to the heat by slowing the CPU to a crawl so that the chip is n't ruined .	chip	neutral
Nice little compact surge protector that gives me more assurance that my devices are protected from electrical surges .	surge protector	neutral
Stability is great , there are rubber pads that hold the computer and on the bottom to prevent slipping .	Stability	neutral
Stability is great , there are rubber pads that hold the computer and on the bottom to prevent slipping .	rubber pads	neutral
16mA per hourExternal Battery Charge Used	Battery Charge	neutral
I have had numerous people tell me how great my filter works .	filter	neutral
They shipped me a second battery , which fit slightly better ( but not perfectly).I'm really impressed with Anker 's support an	battery	neutral
I 've mounted this on my motorcyle using a Ram Mount .	Ram Mount	neutral
I 've had this mouse for about 3 months .	mouse	neutral
There 's a little drawstring bag that holds everything - speaker , USB charging cable , audio cable ( 3 . 5 mm ) , and instructions .	speaker	neutral
There 's a little drawstring bag that holds everything - speaker , USB charging cable , audio cable ( 3 . 5 mm ) , and instructions .	USB charging cable	neutral
There 's a little drawstring bag that holds everything - speaker , USB charging cable , audio cable ( 3 . 5 mm ) , and instructions .	audio cable	neutral
Quirky trackpad .	trackpad	neutral
When My laptop gets hot , I slip this pad out of my computer bag and it drops instantly .	pad	neutral
Agree with several of the other reviewers , great sound from some small cheap speakers .	sound	neutral
Agree with several of the other reviewers , great sound from some small cheap speakers .	speakers	neutral
It seems to be a driver issue .	driver	neutral
The rub is the charger does n't decide how much electricity to send , but rather the device itself that PULLS electricity from the AC plug or USB port .	charger	neutral
The rub is the charger does n't decide how much electricity to send , but rather the device itself that PULLS electricity from the AC plug or USB port .	AC plug	neutral
The rub is the charger does n't decide how much electricity to send , but rather the device itself that PULLS electricity from the AC plug or USB port .	USB port	neutral
It does have a Mini CD to install , so check your computer for compatibility before you buy .	Mini CD	neutral
My money probably would have been better spent on a keyboard case instead .	keyboard case	neutral
Most importantly , install the software before inserting the adapter in the USB port .	software	neutral
Most importantly , install the software before inserting the adapter in the USB port .	adapter	neutral
Most importantly , install the software before inserting the adapter in the USB port .	USB port	neutral
The output cord is thick .	output cord	neutral
One less thing to carry around , and you can create a bootable card , which is kind of cool .	bootable card	neutral
The Arena headset is nicely made , though not as heavily over - engineered as the G35 in my opinion .	Arena headset	neutral
THE MINI SIDE TWISTED	MINI SIDE TWISTED	neutral
Even when their product failed they still stand behind their customer service !	customer service	neutral
On the plus side it weights the same and has a much better protection of its Polysilicon screen - it does not bend and the Polysilicon screens are known to outlast the regular screens by many years .	Polysilicon screen	neutral
On the plus side it weights the same and has a much better protection of its Polysilicon screen - it does not bend and the Polysilicon screens are known to outlast the regular screens by many years .	Polysilicon	neutral
On the plus side it weights the same and has a much better protection of its Polysilicon screen - it does not bend and the Polysilicon screens are known to outlast the regular screens by many years .	screens	neutral
The fans are all open on the underside of the stand	fans	neutral
The fans are all open on the underside of the stand	stand	neutral
It does n't have the same battery life of the original Dell battery , but lasts for 3 - 4 hrs and is lighter and more compact than the stock battery .	battery life	neutral
It does n't have the same battery life of the original Dell battery , but lasts for 3 - 4 hrs and is lighter and more compact than the stock battery .	battery	neutral
It does n't have the same battery life of the original Dell battery , but lasts for 3 - 4 hrs and is lighter and more compact than the stock battery .	battery	neutral
It really was a breeze to install ; in fact it simply just slipped right in to the headrest very easily .	headrest	neutral
Not sure if Comast has newer DVR boxes that offer 1080p or not .	DVR boxes	neutral
For the price of less than $ 900 get it if you want a machine that will last many years .	price	neutral
The 3D effect on it looks great and gives it a whole wow factor using cheap glasses that I do n't have to pay a fortune for each pair .	3D effect	neutral
The 3D effect on it looks great and gives it a whole wow factor using cheap glasses that I do n't have to pay a fortune for each pair .	glasses	neutral
Easy to carry in a backpack or suitcase .	carry	neutral
The Linksys WRT54GX4 actually worked rather well for the first three months	Linksys WRT54GX4	neutral
When this happens , one can not charge the netbook , and therefore can not use it until one obtains a new charger .	charger	neutral
The sound is crisp and there 's a firm but not overpowering bass .	sound	neutral
The sound is crisp and there 's a firm but not overpowering bass .	bass	neutral
Works fine .	Works	neutral
I then bought the equivalent Patriot memory sticks that Amazon sells , they 're working great .	Patriot memory sticks	neutral
There are no dedicated card or filter holders on the bag , but these pockets work well enough .	card	neutral
There are no dedicated card or filter holders on the bag , but these pockets work well enough .	filter holders	neutral
There are no dedicated card or filter holders on the bag , but these pockets work well enough .	pockets	neutral
I got the 750 version of this power supply , and it 's a good PSU so far , all cords fit nicely and reach everywhere in a full size case .	power supply	neutral
I got the 750 version of this power supply , and it 's a good PSU so far , all cords fit nicely and reach everywhere in a full size case .	PSU	neutral
I got the 750 version of this power supply , and it 's a good PSU so far , all cords fit nicely and reach everywhere in a full size case .	cords	neutral
Thankfully , I am right - handed , but I can see a left - handed person being off put by the inability to change the location of the joystick .	joystick	neutral
By the way , the screen on the Dell is much better , much easier on my eyes .	screen	neutral
These speakers are well built , using quality materials throughout , down to the heavy gauge cable that connects the two speakers together .	speakers	neutral
These speakers are well built , using quality materials throughout , down to the heavy gauge cable that connects the two speakers together .	cable	neutral
These speakers are well built , using quality materials throughout , down to the heavy gauge cable that connects the two speakers together .	speakers	neutral
AnkerDirect apologied for the faulty battery and issued a return label for a refund .	battery	neutral
do nt expect anything great .... fans blow less then if i blow air outa my mouth .	fans	neutral
I 'm using the dongles to connect blueray players to our wireless network to watch movies from Netflix and Amazon .	dongles	neutral
I 'm using the dongles to connect blueray players to our wireless network to watch movies from Netflix and Amazon .	blueray players	neutral
Some people might wish it had a couple extra USB ports built in , but for me , I do n't even use all the ones I have already anyhow , so it does n't bother me .	USB ports	neutral
The recordings are clear , playback is easy , and I sync all my notes to my computer with no problems .	playback	neutral
They would not take the drive back , because , as I mentioned earlier , the bar code was ripped when I was forced to tear apart the impossible plastic packaging that SanDisk uses for this drive .	bar code	neutral
They would not take the drive back , because , as I mentioned earlier , the bar code was ripped when I was forced to tear apart the impossible plastic packaging that SanDisk uses for this drive .	SanDisk	neutral
But he agreed the issue was with the battery , and mentioned that often , if a battery is replaced with a functioning one , the case / keyboard will just snap back into place .	battery	neutral
But he agreed the issue was with the battery , and mentioned that often , if a battery is replaced with a functioning one , the case / keyboard will just snap back into place .	battery	neutral
But he agreed the issue was with the battery , and mentioned that often , if a battery is replaced with a functioning one , the case / keyboard will just snap back into place .	case /	neutral
But he agreed the issue was with the battery , and mentioned that often , if a battery is replaced with a functioning one , the case / keyboard will just snap back into place .	keyboard	neutral
The problem I have is that when the tablet is folded open ( i. e. flush so the tablet can be used as a writing surface ) , the function of the s - pen is hurt .	function	neutral
The problem I have is that when the tablet is folded open ( i. e. flush so the tablet can be used as a writing surface ) , the function of the s - pen is hurt .	s - pen	neutral
A couple of free apps are available for the iLuv , but I just did n't bother as both apps are rated by users only 2 - 3 stars .	apps	neutral
A couple of free apps are available for the iLuv , but I just did n't bother as both apps are rated by users only 2 - 3 stars .	iLuv	neutral
A couple of free apps are available for the iLuv , but I just did n't bother as both apps are rated by users only 2 - 3 stars .	apps	neutral
So I suspect that the smell wo n't be a problem for most people .	smell	neutral
an open PCI - e mini slot - HP , Dell , Acer include one , but I know MSI often does n't , and I have n't hear anything about Asus .	PCI - e mini slot	neutral
Altec Lansing have a brilliant series of speakers for Desktops and Laptops .	speakers	neutral
The answer is to turn off the critical battery warning .	battery warning	neutral
Considering that this is usually happening when the only thing between the card and the access point is 15 feet and one wall , I find this a bit dissapointing .	card	neutral
Considering that this is usually happening when the only thing between the card and the access point is 15 feet and one wall , I find this a bit dissapointing .	access point	neutral
99 and the other options on Amazon do n't really look legitimate and have absolutely terrible reviews , so I opted for the Anker battery .	battery	neutral
The XBOOM Mini Portable Capsule Speaker with Rechargeable Battery and Enhanced	Rechargeable	neutral
The XBOOM Mini Portable Capsule Speaker with Rechargeable Battery and Enhanced	Battery	neutral
works so well ..	works	neutral
The larger battery design is a plus in raising the unit higher allowing for better cooling but changes the unit flat underbelly .	battery design	neutral
The larger battery design is a plus in raising the unit higher allowing for better cooling but changes the unit flat underbelly .	cooling	neutral
Works great .	Works	neutral
I checked the Benro website , but could not find an exact match for the tripod item number .	tripod	neutral
Good sound & # 34;inside&#34 ;	sound	neutral
It works the way it should and has allowed this laptop to extend its life for a while longer .	life	neutral
it 's use of battery power .	battery power	neutral
I reattached them with VHB adhesive , but I should n't have to do that .	VHB adhesive	neutral
It is also a single button mouse , which means you need to use it like a Mac .	single button mouse	neutral
The elastic is nice and tight , yet not too tight .	elastic	neutral
and I have to have the lid tilted back beyond 90 degrees in order to see it clearly .	lid	neutral
( I did n't test this feature , and I do n't recommend that you do , either.)4 .	feature	neutral
It has about twice the range communicating with the same access point , and I can now use my laptop anywhere in the house .	range	neutral
It has about twice the range communicating with the same access point , and I can now use my laptop anywhere in the house .	access point	neutral
I wo n't provide a technical review as I am sure other reviewers are much more competent to do so .	technical	neutral
and I 'd rather not fill up the drive with pointless files .	drive	neutral
However , I will say that when it sits on the table and I have the screen tilted back so that I can see it clearly , the laptop almost falls backwards .	screen	neutral
Liked this very much the leather feels very soft and plyable and it fits the kindle very nice .	leather	neutral
Strap clips on , easily removeable .	Strap	neutral
Bluetooth adapter works great in my windows 7 x64 laptop .	Bluetooth adapter	neutral
Bluetooth adapter works great in my windows 7 x64 laptop .	windows 7 x64	neutral
I have my USB mouse in and there does n't seem to be a power lapse with it performing .	USB mouse	neutral
I still did n't feel a heat over the keyboard after playing 3 hours straight- windows 8 .	keyboard	neutral
I still did n't feel a heat over the keyboard after playing 3 hours straight- windows 8 .	windows 8	neutral
I searched Google for this problem and found from the WalMart site that someone talked to the Trendnet support people and received advice that the " Wireless Protected Mode " ( WPS ) should be disabled .	Trendnet support people	neutral
I searched Google for this problem and found from the WalMart site that someone talked to the Trendnet support people and received advice that the " Wireless Protected Mode " ( WPS ) should be disabled .	Wireless Protected Mode "	neutral
I searched Google for this problem and found from the WalMart site that someone talked to the Trendnet support people and received advice that the " Wireless Protected Mode " ( WPS ) should be disabled .	WPS	neutral
Check Loudness Equalization ( on my setup all other unchecked ) and hit Apply.- Bingo !	Loudness Equalization	neutral
She says & # 34;it is light , quiet , and easy to set up and use.&#34;I have always bought HP and recently I bought a Sony Vaio for myself and found that HP really is the top of computers .	set up	neutral
She says & # 34;it is light , quiet , and easy to set up and use.&#34;I have always bought HP and recently I bought a Sony Vaio for myself and found that HP really is the top of computers .	use.&#34;I	neutral
It is surprising the Stabile iPad Stand is not listed on Apple 's online store site .	Stabile iPad Stand	neutral
It is currently unknown if or when HP plans to release newer versions of Quickplay , with a direct boot function."2 )	Quickplay	neutral
It is currently unknown if or when HP plans to release newer versions of Quickplay , with a direct boot function."2 )	boot function."2	neutral
I was n't interested in Windows RT , and I did n't want the added expense that all of the slate + separate keyboard models presented .	Windows RT	neutral
I was n't interested in Windows RT , and I did n't want the added expense that all of the slate + separate keyboard models presented .	keyboard	neutral
If you need a travel power strip , this one is hands - down the winner .	power strip	neutral
[ ... ] this PSU won many many awards , i wanted to buy the Corsair TX 750w	PSU	neutral
A piece of black electrical tape can cover the red light if you want it be be even more hidden .	electrical tape	neutral
The battery charges via a USB cord and it comes with an AC adapter .	battery	neutral
The battery charges via a USB cord and it comes with an AC adapter .	USB cord	neutral
The battery charges via a USB cord and it comes with an AC adapter .	AC adapter	neutral
but then I 'm using a high end DAC to feed the digital signal to	DAC	neutral
Very fast and excellent video quality .	video quality	neutral
It is not CAT5 or even CAT3 which requires twisted pairs to prevent crosstalk and shield from external noise .	CAT5	neutral
It is not CAT5 or even CAT3 which requires twisted pairs to prevent crosstalk and shield from external noise .	CAT3	neutral
Dropped my droid into my HD Motorola mulitmedia dock and pluged it into the speaker with supplied mini jack ( very short cord ) .	speaker	neutral
Dropped my droid into my HD Motorola mulitmedia dock and pluged it into the speaker with supplied mini jack ( very short cord ) .	mini jack	neutral
Dropped my droid into my HD Motorola mulitmedia dock and pluged it into the speaker with supplied mini jack ( very short cord ) .	cord	neutral
This model comes with a touch screen if you want it , but I did not opt for it .	touch screen	neutral
i 've never read or found anything better than kingston ..... but the price .............. am sarting to try other brands .... somegood , some terrible .	price	neutral
With this little fellow , you can upgrade and enjoy much faster USB3 . 0 speeds for only few bucks !	USB3 . 0 speeds	neutral
If you want the same thing , but without Bluetooth , it 's here : Creative Inspire T12 2 .	Bluetooth	neutral
Only having one little cable ( which I keep bundled and twist - tied to the shortest length possible ) running between the two is totally unobtrusive and easy to deal with .	cable	neutral
Only having one little cable ( which I keep bundled and twist - tied to the shortest length possible ) running between the two is totally unobtrusive and easy to deal with .	length	neutral
The padded shoulder straps and the part that lays against your back seems very well designed and	shoulder straps	neutral
a right - side USB port , or at least enough separation between the USB ports to not force you to use a short USB dongle cable with your 3 G wireless card	USB port	neutral
a right - side USB port , or at least enough separation between the USB ports to not force you to use a short USB dongle cable with your 3 G wireless card	USB ports	neutral
a right - side USB port , or at least enough separation between the USB ports to not force you to use a short USB dongle cable with your 3 G wireless card	USB dongle cable	neutral
a right - side USB port , or at least enough separation between the USB ports to not force you to use a short USB dongle cable with your 3 G wireless card	3 G wireless card	neutral
However , my other sleeve does n't have that either , and all pockets get saggy or can snag things on the way in .	pockets	neutral
Performs as intended .	Performs	neutral
Although when the USB connector is retracted is not any more protected from thinks being inserted accidentally into the connect , like a cap does , but I have never had that problem .	USB connector	neutral
It opens easy and has a full opening top .	opens	neutral
It opens easy and has a full opening top .	opening top	neutral
If you can get past this , then the Chromebook is priced competitively for what it offers :	priced	neutral
The coating that makes you lack one of these adapters can facilitate short circuits or damage easily .	coating	neutral
The coating that makes you lack one of these adapters can facilitate short circuits or damage easily .	adapters	neutral
I was sold when Engadget said it was 80 % of the macbook air experience at a fraction of the price .	price	neutral
This exact same touch notebook model cost only $ 370 shipped at Toshiba .	cost	neutral
; The Amazon Frustration - Free Packaging works great also .	Amazon Frustration	neutral
Allows me to use a mouse or a keyboard with my Nexus 7 tablet .	mouse	neutral
Allows me to use a mouse or a keyboard with my Nexus 7 tablet .	keyboard	neutral
Plus , it 's good to have two decent and easily swappable batteries , for intercontinental flights and such .	batteries	neutral
No LED backlighting ( though not advertised as such ) OTHER	LED backlighting	neutral
Track changing is gone .	Track changing	neutral
This item is critical for older Mac computers that may only have one or two full - power USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
The voltage is the amount the power source is capable of giving , with min voltage the lowest possible amount of the power source giving .	voltage	neutral
The voltage is the amount the power source is capable of giving , with min voltage the lowest possible amount of the power source giving .	power source	neutral
The voltage is the amount the power source is capable of giving , with min voltage the lowest possible amount of the power source giving .	min voltage	neutral
The voltage is the amount the power source is capable of giving , with min voltage the lowest possible amount of the power source giving .	power source	neutral
Well designed , minimal materials , but strong , and perfect fit .	designed	neutral
Well designed , minimal materials , but strong , and perfect fit .	materials	neutral
I do n't really lose any sensitivity ( okay , maybe a tiny tiny bit , but come one ! )	sensitivity	neutral
I chose the Mini 311 because of the ION graphics .	ION graphics	neutral
Setup was also more difficult than it needed to be , partly because of poorly written instructions .	Setup	neutral
Setup was also more difficult than it needed to be , partly because of poorly written instructions .	instructions	neutral
Inside the box was the Speaker , an instruction manual , a Mini USB charging cable and a Stereo Aux cable .	Speaker	neutral
Inside the box was the Speaker , an instruction manual , a Mini USB charging cable and a Stereo Aux cable .	instruction manual	neutral
Inside the box was the Speaker , an instruction manual , a Mini USB charging cable and a Stereo Aux cable .	Mini USB charging cable	neutral
Inside the box was the Speaker , an instruction manual , a Mini USB charging cable and a Stereo Aux cable .	Stereo Aux cable	neutral
My 3 other portable speakers have a playback to charging ratio around 6 to 1 .	playback to	neutral
My 3 other portable speakers have a playback to charging ratio around 6 to 1 .	charging	neutral
it is sturdy and well build and feels like it will protect the Transformer well .	build	neutral
Excellent product , fast shipping and reasonably priced .	shipping	neutral
Excellent product , fast shipping and reasonably priced .	priced	neutral
Opened the box , and opps , it 's almost the same thing , minus the internal padded pieces for cameras .	padded pieces	neutral
Opened the box , and opps , it 's almost the same thing , minus the internal padded pieces for cameras .	cameras	neutral
I do n't know if the other reviewers did not check which charger their computer needed , but if you see that your laptop takes this specific one then you are golden !	charger	neutral
Make sure that the following software is up to date to ensure that your port replicators works at it 's best:1 .	software	neutral
Make sure that the following software is up to date to ensure that your port replicators works at it 's best:1 .	port replicators	neutral
No volume control on speakers .	volume control	neutral
No volume control on speakers .	speakers	neutral
6&quot ; screen ( and battery life is longer than any DVD I can think of).The hard drive is an adequate 40 gigs .	battery life	neutral
6&quot ; screen ( and battery life is longer than any DVD I can think of).The hard drive is an adequate 40 gigs .	hard drive	neutral
If you need this cable , this is the one to buy .	cable	neutral
It still may be used for toting the laptop around , but the size limit is disappointing.(T )	size	neutral
Unless you sit directly opposite to a strong afternoon sun ( where the Anti - glare will still be better than regular screens ) , the screen will not reflect anything .	screens	neutral
Unless you sit directly opposite to a strong afternoon sun ( where the Anti - glare will still be better than regular screens ) , the screen will not reflect anything .	screen	neutral
I tried another unit where the kbd and mouse wire had to be swapped , and it stopped functioning in about two weeks .	kbd	neutral
I tried another unit where the kbd and mouse wire had to be swapped , and it stopped functioning in about two weeks .	mouse wire	neutral
but I did not feel any degradation with this adaptor ) .	adaptor	neutral
a great cheep way of adding 3 more ports to my computer that only has 2 Its been working for awhile now and even though it looks and feels cheap it works just fine !	ports	neutral
The keyboard backlight is a plus.[*]Speed .	keyboard backlight	neutral
Bottom line , if you can tell the difference between DVD and VHS ( and some people say they ca n't ) , this display will drive you absolutely bonkers .	display	neutral
I like the colour & pattern ; not just plain old black but not overly splashy either .	colour	neutral
I like the colour & pattern ; not just plain old black but not overly splashy either .	pattern	neutral
in case I needed technical help or had a problem with the device .	technical	neutral
Experienced magnetic field issue ... power button issue .. need to press the button multiple times to turn on the computer .	magnetic field	neutral
Experienced magnetic field issue ... power button issue .. need to press the button multiple times to turn on the computer .	power button	neutral
Experienced magnetic field issue ... power button issue .. need to press the button multiple times to turn on the computer .	button	neutral
It should be noted that the plugs have a little " give " when pushed into the device , but they get the job done , and it does n't effect the charging .	plugs	neutral
It should be noted that the plugs have a little " give " when pushed into the device , but they get the job done , and it does n't effect the charging .	charging	neutral
I need room , functionality , and protection from the elements .	functionality	neutral
For a week or so before then I noticed that the insulation of the house plug side of the cord had come loose on the transformer end .	insulation	neutral
For a week or so before then I noticed that the insulation of the house plug side of the cord had come loose on the transformer end .	transformer end	neutral
So , I want to replace the PCIe wireless card ...	PCIe wireless card	neutral
This is definitely for the USB hungry user or the person who never likes to plug and unplug these devices in , primarily because they can be tricky to get to .	USB hungry	neutral
Not only does it carry all the necessary notebook requirements ( power cable , ethernet cable , files , etc . ) , but everything else such as my wallet , phone , and sometimes a slim external hard drive .	power cable	neutral
Not only does it carry all the necessary notebook requirements ( power cable , ethernet cable , files , etc . ) , but everything else such as my wallet , phone , and sometimes a slim external hard drive .	ethernet cable	neutral
Not only does it carry all the necessary notebook requirements ( power cable , ethernet cable , files , etc . ) , but everything else such as my wallet , phone , and sometimes a slim external hard drive .	external hard drive	neutral
does have Linux support , so I 'll probably end up loading Ubuntu 12 or maybe even Chrome on it as a second OS for netsurfing this weekend and calling it good .	Linux support	neutral
does have Linux support , so I 'll probably end up loading Ubuntu 12 or maybe even Chrome on it as a second OS for netsurfing this weekend and calling it good .	Ubuntu 12	neutral
does have Linux support , so I 'll probably end up loading Ubuntu 12 or maybe even Chrome on it as a second OS for netsurfing this weekend and calling it good .	OS	neutral
My Z400 has 8 G RAM , cpu 7i , 1 T storage from the Lenovo website .	8 G RAM	neutral
My Z400 has 8 G RAM , cpu 7i , 1 T storage from the Lenovo website .	cpu 7i	neutral
When charged through USB , it takes more than 8 hours to fully charge the battery ! ! !	USB	neutral
When charged through USB , it takes more than 8 hours to fully charge the battery ! ! !	battery	neutral
I think a grille would have been a good addition to the product .	grille	neutral
Great value for the price .	price	neutral
The touch screen is responsive and this is actually the first laptop I 've used that did n't make me want to disable the touchpad ( my thumbs have a nasty habit of touching the touchpad and sending the cursor to screen parts unknown)!The price would give me pause , but then I have n't seen anything in this price range that can meet the flexibility and power of this little mighty mite .	touch screen	neutral
The touch screen is responsive and this is actually the first laptop I 've used that did n't make me want to disable the touchpad ( my thumbs have a nasty habit of touching the touchpad and sending the cursor to screen parts unknown)!The price would give me pause , but then I have n't seen anything in this price range that can meet the flexibility and power of this little mighty mite .	touchpad	neutral
The touch screen is responsive and this is actually the first laptop I 've used that did n't make me want to disable the touchpad ( my thumbs have a nasty habit of touching the touchpad and sending the cursor to screen parts unknown)!The price would give me pause , but then I have n't seen anything in this price range that can meet the flexibility and power of this little mighty mite .	touchpad	neutral
The touch screen is responsive and this is actually the first laptop I 've used that did n't make me want to disable the touchpad ( my thumbs have a nasty habit of touching the touchpad and sending the cursor to screen parts unknown)!The price would give me pause , but then I have n't seen anything in this price range that can meet the flexibility and power of this little mighty mite .	price	neutral
The touch screen is responsive and this is actually the first laptop I 've used that did n't make me want to disable the touchpad ( my thumbs have a nasty habit of touching the touchpad and sending the cursor to screen parts unknown)!The price would give me pause , but then I have n't seen anything in this price range that can meet the flexibility and power of this little mighty mite .	price range	neutral
The fan , which is extremely quiet , is plugged into the laptop USB port .	fan	neutral
The 1080p out put is REAL HD and it shows !	1080p	neutral
It looks really sharp and offers good protection .	protection	neutral
On the plus side it was a perfect fit and except for lacking the Dell sticker on the bottom , looks just like the original .	Dell sticker	neutral
The memory is very fast .	memory	neutral
It does indeed feel cheap and plastic , but that 's just the miracle of low - cost product working for you !	cost	neutral
Be sure your computer is supported , because Targus tech wo n't give you any info about voltage , amperage or wattage on this thing , so you ca n't safely maake it work with an unsupported computer .	Targus tech	neutral
Be sure your computer is supported , because Targus tech wo n't give you any info about voltage , amperage or wattage on this thing , so you ca n't safely maake it work with an unsupported computer .	voltage	neutral
I have contacted Innergie by email and phone , and I not received ANY response other than an automailer that acknowledged that I had sent them an email to customer support .	customer support	neutral
This microphone only lasted a few months before it stopped working .	microphone	neutral
One thing I 'd love to have seen but is n't exactly a requirement is an easy way to feed headphones through from one of the pockets .	headphones	neutral
I really like it for the price	price	neutral
The material is slick and soft compared to the typical Tenba messenger bag , which some may like better or worse .	material	neutral
are impressed with how much sound will come out of this little guy .	sound	neutral
Sony was n't able to provide us with one for testing , but it claims the extended battery more than doubles the VAIO Pro 's usable battery life , from seven to 18 hours .	extended battery	neutral
Sony was n't able to provide us with one for testing , but it claims the extended battery more than doubles the VAIO Pro 's usable battery life , from seven to 18 hours .	battery life	neutral
Case , network and video accessories included , you do n't have to shell out extra $ $ $ $ 7 .	Case	neutral
Case , network and video accessories included , you do n't have to shell out extra $ $ $ $ 7 .	network	neutral
Case , network and video accessories included , you do n't have to shell out extra $ $ $ $ 7 .	video accessories	neutral
1 SD card reader-	SD card reader-	neutral
I used the cloths on my laptop display screen and it doesn&#34;t leave scratches .	cloths	neutral
It was able to accommodate the MacBook power adapter , a short ( retractable ) ethernet cable , earbuds , magazines and other paperwork , and my boarding pass , with room to spare .	ethernet cable	neutral
Skype in Windows 8 .	Skype	neutral
Skype in Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
Try editing 10 megapixel RAW images while playing music in iTunes with Safari open .	Safari	neutral
As an Apple user , I expect anything else that I use with my MB Pro Retina must be well designed and this MTower stand delivers .	MTower stand	neutral
These headphones are very comfortable ( a little tight maybe but that should pass with use ) and have excellent sound quality .	sound quality	neutral
I run a 50mbps connection and it runs my internet perfectly for gaming which is what I do most often .	internet	neutral
I run a 50mbps connection and it runs my internet perfectly for gaming which is what I do most often .	gaming	neutral
This one fits my particular laptop perfectly and the handles were an added bonus !	handles	neutral
If you 're looking for an incognito camera bag , this works great with the mentioned insert and the side pockets are perfect for extra lenses .	side	neutral
Great Value at usual price and when on sale - fantastic savings .	price	neutral
but it is awesomethe quality of this cable is excellent and it even looks and feels sturdy .	quality	neutral
but it is awesomethe quality of this cable is excellent and it even looks and feels sturdy .	cable	neutral
Very good quality and normal thickness neoprene will protect it from slight bumps , but not if you drop it .	thickness	neutral
Very good quality and normal thickness neoprene will protect it from slight bumps , but not if you drop it .	neoprene	neutral
From the time I press the power button on the laptop to the moment I get my logon screen ... 8 seconds !	power button	neutral
i also have lens adapters and lenses for all as well .	lens adapters	neutral
I just opened the product and I was very impressed with the packaging and item .	packaging	neutral
Small screen .	screen	neutral
This case fits like a glove with the velcro on the top holding the tablet in place snuggly .	velcro	neutral
The reader is small , convenient , and at a reasonable price .	reader	neutral
The reader is small , convenient , and at a reasonable price .	price	neutral
I do n't really judge laptops on sound quality ( not rich enough ) , but do judge them on being able to hear in a loud environment , and these easily are the loudest laptop speakers I have ever heard .	sound quality	neutral
I do n't really judge laptops on sound quality ( not rich enough ) , but do judge them on being able to hear in a loud environment , and these easily are the loudest laptop speakers I have ever heard .	speakers	neutral
Speeds when tested with my 3 . 0 external flash drive were great .	Speeds	neutral
Speeds when tested with my 3 . 0 external flash drive were great .	3 . 0 external flash drive	neutral
I hope the new converter lasts because I really enjoy using a premium headset with my phone .	converter	neutral
I hope the new converter lasts because I really enjoy using a premium headset with my phone .	headset	neutral
Moreover , even at 128 kbps the differences in the quality of sound is often as dramatic as night and day among some of these little overachievers.]Presently this JBL	sound	neutral
That capability all depends on the type of video card you have in your computer , so you will need to check .	video card	neutral
: I see some people have tagged this item as " shipping labels " .	shipping	neutral
Reliability : no starFeature : 1 starQuality : looks good but did n't workPrice :	Reliability	neutral
The only complaint I have is the price , but for something that performs	price	neutral
The only complaint I have is the price , but for something that performs	performs	neutral
If you Google " AppleCare reviews " you will see thta many esteemed PC magazines have found that consumers have rated Apple 's customer service above all others .	AppleCare	neutral
If you Google " AppleCare reviews " you will see thta many esteemed PC magazines have found that consumers have rated Apple 's customer service above all others .	customer service	neutral
Do not buy this laptop unless you plan to use a USB mouse at all times .	USB mouse	neutral
This stand is great for video calling applications like SKYPE and TANGO .	stand	neutral
This stand is great for video calling applications like SKYPE and TANGO .	video calling applications	neutral
This stand is great for video calling applications like SKYPE and TANGO .	SKYPE	neutral
Gives me about 2 . 5 hrs of normal use .	use	neutral
When I installed the bottom piece , there were several areas that clearly did not fit well , and I could not get the little " tabs " to " click " into place .	bottom piece	neutral
Excepting the lack of FireWire , this is IMHO the best Mac Laptop made & if you can find a new one or lightly used one get it .	FireWire	neutral
The one star negative I added in , making this a four - star rating , comes from what so many of us have come to experience as the " Chinese Build - Quality Syndrome .	Build - Quality	neutral
Different cables , harddrives all do the same thing .	cables	neutral
Different cables , harddrives all do the same thing .	harddrives	neutral
This is my first VAIO , after owning a 18 . 4 " ACER with Blu - ray ( 2008 model ) .	Blu - ray	neutral
The only feature missing in Vista is the ability to twist pictures and other objects ( not all apps in Mac OS support this feature	feature	neutral
The only feature missing in Vista is the ability to twist pictures and other objects ( not all apps in Mac OS support this feature	feature	neutral
Much better than the USB fan coolers as it makes no noise and is easy to pack in your bag .	USB fan coolers	neutral
I have a 17 " laptop with a standard keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Surprising quality .	quality	neutral
Buy a quality tripod ( Sunpak ) not the crappy one that comes with turbotenna !	tripod	neutral
Buy a quality tripod ( Sunpak ) not the crappy one that comes with turbotenna !	turbotenna	neutral
I needed something durable with some extra storage space .	storage space	neutral
The Transformer fits snug .	Transformer	neutral
This proliferation of USB peripherals has also necessitated an ever increasing need for more and more of USB ports on your computer .	USB peripherals	neutral
This proliferation of USB peripherals has also necessitated an ever increasing need for more and more of USB ports on your computer .	USB ports	neutral
Easy to apply , and helps to keep the screen smudge free .	apply	neutral
Easy to apply , and helps to keep the screen smudge free .	screen	neutral
2 - The case is not rigid enough for the lip around the keyboard to prevent the ipad screen from sliding a couple of millimeters left or right and falling onto the keyboard when closed .	case	neutral
2 - The case is not rigid enough for the lip around the keyboard to prevent the ipad screen from sliding a couple of millimeters left or right and falling onto the keyboard when closed .	lip	neutral
2 - The case is not rigid enough for the lip around the keyboard to prevent the ipad screen from sliding a couple of millimeters left or right and falling onto the keyboard when closed .	keyboard	neutral
2 - The case is not rigid enough for the lip around the keyboard to prevent the ipad screen from sliding a couple of millimeters left or right and falling onto the keyboard when closed .	keyboard	neutral
But for any meaningful work ( and I normally need to coordinate between two or three programs )	programs	neutral
Speeds are great and streaming thru the Bluray player with Netflix , Youtube , etc . is really great .	Speeds	neutral
Speeds are great and streaming thru the Bluray player with Netflix , Youtube , etc . is really great .	Bluray player	neutral
Right now I can put my laptop , charging cord , 1 inch binder ( full of papers ) , a pen , a highlighter , my cell phone and a folder all in the bag with plenty more room for more things if needed .	charging cord	neutral
I also have a Microsoft LifeCam Studio for amateur stop motions and I have to say this Logitech is far better webcam !	Microsoft LifeCam Studio	neutral
I also have a Microsoft LifeCam Studio for amateur stop motions and I have to say this Logitech is far better webcam !	webcam	neutral
- I want to add also that even though there is a " game mode " you only have to use it for 480i sources .	game mode	neutral
Blinking amber battery LED on laptop .	battery LED	neutral
Still does n't work with bionic .	bionic	neutral
The shoulder strap comes in very handy to carry it around as well .	shoulder strap	neutral
I do n't know why touchpad technology seems to be going downhill , but this seems like a good example .	touchpad technology	neutral
The extra feature of plugging it into the sound port is great for keeping track of it .	sound port	neutral
It 's perfect for gaming , a bit heavy but still easy to travel with if needed .	gaming	neutral
19 minutes ( starting @ 100 % charge with no CD load ) .	charge	neutral
19 minutes ( starting @ 100 % charge with no CD load ) .	CD load	neutral
And it 's not like it does n't work , if I unplug one enclosure and connect the other -- so both ports are alive , just not together -- so again , why make 2 ports if you can only use them one at time .	enclosure	neutral
And it 's not like it does n't work , if I unplug one enclosure and connect the other -- so both ports are alive , just not together -- so again , why make 2 ports if you can only use them one at time .	ports	neutral
And it 's not like it does n't work , if I unplug one enclosure and connect the other -- so both ports are alive , just not together -- so again , why make 2 ports if you can only use them one at time .	ports	neutral
Was immediately recognized via Windows XP and working .	Windows XP	neutral
Unfortunately , my computer only has VGA and DVI - D ports for the monitor .	VGA	neutral
Unfortunately , my computer only has VGA and DVI - D ports for the monitor .	DVI - D ports	neutral
Unfortunately , my computer only has VGA and DVI - D ports for the monitor .	monitor	neutral
and after thoroughly cleaning it off my machine and then trying to load one of the much better freeware anti - virus programs I know works much much better ( and costs nothing ) - the program would n't install until I manually chose a specific folder ( of 5 choices ) for where the usually automatic & # 34;download manager&#34 ; to download the program to .	anti - virus programs	neutral
and after thoroughly cleaning it off my machine and then trying to load one of the much better freeware anti - virus programs I know works much much better ( and costs nothing ) - the program would n't install until I manually chose a specific folder ( of 5 choices ) for where the usually automatic & # 34;download manager&#34 ; to download the program to .	program	neutral
and after thoroughly cleaning it off my machine and then trying to load one of the much better freeware anti - virus programs I know works much much better ( and costs nothing ) - the program would n't install until I manually chose a specific folder ( of 5 choices ) for where the usually automatic & # 34;download manager&#34 ; to download the program to .	program	neutral
I really like the velcro strap that holds the laptop in the case .	velcro strap	neutral
It has a solid feel to it ( moreso than the 1005 ) , but the battery juts out quite a bit , the touchpad keys are terribly placed , the webcam is only 0 .	battery	neutral
It has a solid feel to it ( moreso than the 1005 ) , but the battery juts out quite a bit , the touchpad keys are terribly placed , the webcam is only 0 .	touchpad keys	neutral
It has a solid feel to it ( moreso than the 1005 ) , but the battery juts out quite a bit , the touchpad keys are terribly placed , the webcam is only 0 .	webcam	neutral
now i can finally travel with my laptop and papers and pens ..... good bag for a great price ..	price	neutral
I mainly purchased this to connect to my motherboard as per a new system build .	motherboard	neutral
I mainly purchased this to connect to my motherboard as per a new system build .	system build	neutral
For the price , I guess its pretty good comparatively speaking to a factory new battery .	price	neutral
For the price , I guess its pretty good comparatively speaking to a factory new battery .	battery	neutral
It 's great at multitasking .	multitasking	neutral
Not a real great feature like I was expecting .	feature	neutral
You will see , the device and any Targus dock ever created is RIDDLED with software glitches and problems .	software	neutral
I would try to run the Bamboo Properties to try to fix things that way	Bamboo Properties	neutral
There is no volume on the unit itself - your digital music device volume control does that .	volume	neutral
There is no volume on the unit itself - your digital music device volume control does that .	volume control	neutral
I chose not to use the transfer but instead made a bootable usb disc to reload Win 7 .	transfer	neutral
I chose not to use the transfer but instead made a bootable usb disc to reload Win 7 .	bootable usb disc	neutral
I chose not to use the transfer but instead made a bootable usb disc to reload Win 7 .	Win 7	neutral
and i will continue to buy these as i get more amps .	amps	neutral
Works like a charm , cheap and reliable .	Works	neutral
It is great for large items and will give them plenty of protection but its size prevents it from being as convenient as I would like for my smaller sized car .	size	neutral
Perhaps more marketing than substance .	marketing	neutral
They have a protection package for computers too	protection package	neutral
The straps that are provided for tripods have no snap buckles ... you would have to slide the tripod down through the looped straps to get it in there .	straps	neutral
There is no screen adjusting either , no need to move the screen the left or right , up or down , it will automatically do it , and do it perfectly .	screen	neutral
There is no screen adjusting either , no need to move the screen the left or right , up or down , it will automatically do it , and do it perfectly .	screen	neutral
The OEM 6 cell would only hold a charge for 30 minutes after 3 years so we replaced with htis one .	6 cell	neutral
The OEM 6 cell would only hold a charge for 30 minutes after 3 years so we replaced with htis one .	charge	neutral
Does not work unless you bend the wire in an exact position and hold it there .	wire	neutral
The shoulder straps are well - padded and have mesh on the inside .	shoulder straps	neutral
If you 're looking for a charger with this voltage ( in and out ) then this is for you .	charger	neutral
If you 're looking for a charger with this voltage ( in and out ) then this is for you .	voltage	neutral
The Kuro may have a little better shadow detail but it 's not nearly as bright as this one .	shadow detail	neutral
Keep in mind that I 'm speaking as a Win XP Pro user who refuses to switch Windows OS 's until forced .	Win XP Pro	neutral
Keep in mind that I 'm speaking as a Win XP Pro user who refuses to switch Windows OS 's until forced .	Windows OS 's	neutral
Since we 've only had the mouse for about a week , I can not fully rate the batery life .	mouse	neutral
Since we 've only had the mouse for about a week , I can not fully rate the batery life .	batery life	neutral
Update : It has been approximately 4 months and this cable is still working great .	cable	neutral
Either way , great purchase , and great case .	case	neutral
The big improvements over the past versions are , the speedier processor , Leopard , better graphics card and faster frontside bus .	processor	neutral
The big improvements over the past versions are , the speedier processor , Leopard , better graphics card and faster frontside bus .	Leopard	neutral
The big improvements over the past versions are , the speedier processor , Leopard , better graphics card and faster frontside bus .	graphics card	neutral
The big improvements over the past versions are , the speedier processor , Leopard , better graphics card and faster frontside bus .	frontside bus	neutral
The unit appears quite durable and performs just as expected .	performs	neutral
I often find myself cursing at the power strip beside my bed for not having enough outlets - with an iPhone charger , bluetooth headphones charger , portable battery pack charger and various others plugged in , trying to find space for a lamp and alarm clock is a hassle !	power strip	neutral
I often find myself cursing at the power strip beside my bed for not having enough outlets - with an iPhone charger , bluetooth headphones charger , portable battery pack charger and various others plugged in , trying to find space for a lamp and alarm clock is a hassle !	bluetooth headphones charger	neutral
I often find myself cursing at the power strip beside my bed for not having enough outlets - with an iPhone charger , bluetooth headphones charger , portable battery pack charger and various others plugged in , trying to find space for a lamp and alarm clock is a hassle !	battery pack charger	neutral
Otherwise , you risk materials falling out .	materials	neutral
As i published on the AA verison : Keeps batteries really secure .	batteries	neutral
I do wish there was a pan / tilt/	pan / tilt/	neutral
AA batteries , thus REALLY long life-	AA batteries	neutral
It works well .	works	neutral
A great hub at a great price-	hub	neutral
A great hub at a great price-	price-	neutral
The picture is very sharp and you do have more rez choices than advertised too .	picture	neutral
Bluetooth is becoming as common cell phones .	Bluetooth	neutral
For one , it 's easier - just one connection and secondly , it enables more automation for automatically handling different source signals .	connection	neutral
I am a huge sports fan and i can not believe the clarity in the picture .	clarity	neutral
its never crashed on me once and only froze twice on me but its not happend recently and it does great at running windows xp pro but do nt get vista on it it will cause your computer to restart alot for no reason	windows xp pro	neutral
its never crashed on me once and only froze twice on me but its not happend recently and it does great at running windows xp pro but do nt get vista on it it will cause your computer to restart alot for no reason	vista	neutral
Did well over four hours battery life	battery life	neutral
One of the most important things to keep in mind when ordering cables is to make sure the cables suit your needs and fit the job required .	cables	neutral
The rubber grip footing is solid , grippy and pretty thick and most of all it is by far the best solution for freeing up desk space .	rubber grip footing	neutral
The rubber grip footing is solid , grippy and pretty thick and most of all it is by far the best solution for freeing up desk space .	desk	neutral
Now to the insides of the keyboard & # 8211 ; first off the keys are normal sized keys which is nice , not too small and has some feedback when you click on the keys which is nice .	keyboard	neutral
Now to the insides of the keyboard & # 8211 ; first off the keys are normal sized keys which is nice , not too small and has some feedback when you click on the keys which is nice .	keys	neutral
Now to the insides of the keyboard & # 8211 ; first off the keys are normal sized keys which is nice , not too small and has some feedback when you click on the keys which is nice .	keys	neutral
Now to the insides of the keyboard & # 8211 ; first off the keys are normal sized keys which is nice , not too small and has some feedback when you click on the keys which is nice .	keys	neutral
Pros:-Pairs easily to every device I have tried - Battery life is very good , they have n't died yet	Battery life	neutral
She actually uses it most of the time as a desktop connected to a big monitor with a keyboard and mouse .	monitor	neutral
She actually uses it most of the time as a desktop connected to a big monitor with a keyboard and mouse .	keyboard	neutral
She actually uses it most of the time as a desktop connected to a big monitor with a keyboard and mouse .	mouse	neutral
Do n't even think of using the setup CD trying to install the device much like the way	setup CD	neutral
If you search for Targus and gigabit not working you will find a long thread on the displaylink forum where many users are complaining about the same issue with this device .	gigabit	neutral
If you search for Targus and gigabit not working you will find a long thread on the displaylink forum where many users are complaining about the same issue with this device .	displaylink	neutral
It is easy to get started and use .	use	neutral
God knows how many millions of dollars were lost by computer manufacturers in sales account of this or gained through component add - ons to enhance the sound .	sound	neutral
Let me qualify that : if you own or owned one of the older model , with the folding " leg " or whatever you want to call it at the top , then the new design is an improvement .	folding	neutral
Let me qualify that : if you own or owned one of the older model , with the folding " leg " or whatever you want to call it at the top , then the new design is an improvement .	design	neutral
For the price and the size , you ca n't go wrong .	price	neutral
For the price and the size , you ca n't go wrong .	size	neutral
The InfoLink needs more features .	InfoLink	neutral
The InfoLink needs more features .	features	neutral
I also have used this for less - graphic intensive games such as Portal .	games	neutral
Nothing on Windows clues you in to that fact .	Windows	neutral
This Dell has a 4 and 1/2 inch track pad and using multi gestures features makes it extremely easy .	track pad	neutral
This Dell has a 4 and 1/2 inch track pad and using multi gestures features makes it extremely easy .	multi gestures features	neutral
Batteries last forever .	Batteries	neutral
Was cheaper than the advertised plug for the fire and it works just as well .	plug	neutral
The plastic seems durable and it has some heft to it .	plastic	neutral
In conclusion , I would recommend the Chill Mat - as long as you install eight of these Velcro fasteners to hold the Chill Mat and the laptop computer together .	Chill Mat	neutral
In conclusion , I would recommend the Chill Mat - as long as you install eight of these Velcro fasteners to hold the Chill Mat and the laptop computer together .	Chill Mat	neutral
And , there are great open source ( free ) applications you can get for Mac OS X now .	applications	neutral
And , there are great open source ( free ) applications you can get for Mac OS X now .	Mac OS X	neutral
The keyboard it 's self is pretty light , and does not add much noticeable weight .	keyboard	neutral
This hard drive enclosure is a perfect fit for any of the PS3 hard drives ( 80 GB , in my case ) , and requires nothing extra to work with any PC as a back - up .	hard drive enclosure	neutral
The charge is as big as any DELL or HP laptop chargers .	charge	neutral
These speakers sound very clean , and work very well together .	speakers	neutral
still some for functionality.*Two out of the ten hubs were a little tricky with some of my USB devices , but I found out that if I moved it to another hub or jiggled it a bit without forcing it I could get it to work .	hubs	neutral
still some for functionality.*Two out of the ten hubs were a little tricky with some of my USB devices , but I found out that if I moved it to another hub or jiggled it a bit without forcing it I could get it to work .	USB devices	neutral
Powered up the computer and battery indicator said 46 % charged .	battery	neutral
We only had one RCA connector on the TV , so needed a way to connect both his and my RCA jacks to the same outlet .	RCA connector	neutral
We only had one RCA connector on the TV , so needed a way to connect both his and my RCA jacks to the same outlet .	RCA jacks	neutral
The back is plastic , however .	back	neutral
I only have one complaint , and I plan to remedy it myself : the shoulder strap is " permanently " attached .	shoulder strap	neutral
I 'll have to look into this further , however I did not see any Windows XP drivers available from Samsung for this laptop , so it may be pointless for me to even bother trying to install XP.-	Windows XP drivers	neutral
I 'll have to look into this further , however I did not see any Windows XP drivers available from Samsung for this laptop , so it may be pointless for me to even bother trying to install XP.-	XP.-	neutral
The battery arrived with 4 of 5 bars of charge and was a pretty tight fit for my machine .	battery	neutral
The battery arrived with 4 of 5 bars of charge and was a pretty tight fit for my machine .	charge	neutral
the Intel N450 version .	Intel N450 version	neutral
I 've gone through about 3 external harddrives and this one is by far the best one I 've ever had .	external harddrives	neutral
The plug is only two pronged which was disconcerting but probably wo n't be a problem .	plug	neutral
For half the price , this is acceptable to me .	price	neutral
Ideally , someone could just turn off trackpad clicks , but that feature does n't exist ... so just turn off the trackpad and touch the screen .	trackpad clicks	neutral
Ideally , someone could just turn off trackpad clicks , but that feature does n't exist ... so just turn off the trackpad and touch the screen .	feature	neutral
Ideally , someone could just turn off trackpad clicks , but that feature does n't exist ... so just turn off the trackpad and touch the screen .	trackpad	neutral
Ideally , someone could just turn off trackpad clicks , but that feature does n't exist ... so just turn off the trackpad and touch the screen .	screen	neutral
I used the netbook for 2 weeks as bought with 1 GB & Win 7 Basic .	1 GB	neutral
I used the netbook for 2 weeks as bought with 1 GB & Win 7 Basic .	Win 7 Basic	neutral
I think they do not have corner protection because that is the first part of a shield to start to give way , resulting in a warranty replacement issue .	corner protection	neutral
I think they do not have corner protection because that is the first part of a shield to start to give way , resulting in a warranty replacement issue .	warranty replacement	neutral
My Passport 2 TB USB	2 TB USB	neutral
Judging just by signal strength indicator .	signal strength	neutral
Only complaint is that both the bottle and the rag are pretty small , smaller than the pictures would have you believe .	bottle	neutral
Only complaint is that both the bottle and the rag are pretty small , smaller than the pictures would have you believe .	rag	neutral
I was impressed right away with the heft and feel of the cable .	cable	neutral
Could have been a really nice design .	design	neutral
A word of caution , though : if you buy this , make sure that either your tablet has a USB port , or you get a female usb to micro usb adapter .	USB port	neutral
A word of caution , though : if you buy this , make sure that either your tablet has a USB port , or you get a female usb to micro usb adapter .	female	neutral
A word of caution , though : if you buy this , make sure that either your tablet has a USB port , or you get a female usb to micro usb adapter .	usb to micro usb adapter	neutral
Needless to say I had to order a mini 4 port USB	mini 4 port USB	neutral
I 'm a little disappointed in the length of the battery life , but for what it cost , it 's a great deal .	battery life	neutral
This one the zippers work great .	zippers	neutral
The part that does n't get reception is a room I would like to sit in and surf the internet on my downtime .	reception	neutral
Lastly , upon inspecting the powercord , it looks like there are some imperfections in the sheathing ...	powercord	neutral
Lastly , upon inspecting the powercord , it looks like there are some imperfections in the sheathing ...	sheathing	neutral
The other thing that took getting used to is the click mouse .	click mouse	neutral
It is true every thing I read in previous reviews about the sound level you can get with this small size speaker .	sound level	neutral
I was a little worried the pump may draw too much current , but I was wrong .	pump	neutral
The touch screen really completes the included Windows 8 , and makes for an intuitive user experience that may be worth your giving it the benefit of the doubt .	touch screen	neutral
The touch screen really completes the included Windows 8 , and makes for an intuitive user experience that may be worth your giving it the benefit of the doubt .	Windows 8	neutral
I wanted a laptop with speed , good memory , decent video graphics , large enough hard drive so that I would n't be changing it soon .	speed	neutral
I wanted a laptop with speed , good memory , decent video graphics , large enough hard drive so that I would n't be changing it soon .	memory	neutral
I wanted a laptop with speed , good memory , decent video graphics , large enough hard drive so that I would n't be changing it soon .	video graphics	neutral
I wanted a laptop with speed , good memory , decent video graphics , large enough hard drive so that I would n't be changing it soon .	hard drive	neutral
When the mainframe was down , the terminal was dead .	mainframe	neutral
When the mainframe was down , the terminal was dead .	terminal	neutral
Because the shoulder strap and handles were well design for comfort , my computer does n't feel as heavy when carrying it in the case even though it is about 7 lbs .	shoulder strap	neutral
Because the shoulder strap and handles were well design for comfort , my computer does n't feel as heavy when carrying it in the case even though it is about 7 lbs .	handles	neutral
Right now , I have a mouse , keyboard , 24 " LED monitor , external USB drive , Ethernet cable , and audio cable all hooked up	mouse	neutral
Right now , I have a mouse , keyboard , 24 " LED monitor , external USB drive , Ethernet cable , and audio cable all hooked up	keyboard	neutral
Right now , I have a mouse , keyboard , 24 " LED monitor , external USB drive , Ethernet cable , and audio cable all hooked up	24 " LED monitor	neutral
Right now , I have a mouse , keyboard , 24 " LED monitor , external USB drive , Ethernet cable , and audio cable all hooked up	external USB drive	neutral
Right now , I have a mouse , keyboard , 24 " LED monitor , external USB drive , Ethernet cable , and audio cable all hooked up	Ethernet cable	neutral
Right now , I have a mouse , keyboard , 24 " LED monitor , external USB drive , Ethernet cable , and audio cable all hooked up	audio cable	neutral
The color is great , pretty much looks like the photos .	color	neutral
First it has a beautiful screen	screen	neutral
They also come with a ear bud or headphone plug in if you prefer .	ear bud	neutral
They also come with a ear bud or headphone plug in if you prefer .	headphone plug	neutral
Linksys puts " Run CD First " stickers on the card , on the CD , all over the box .	card	neutral
This is a simple , affordable case that is just what I needed for my commute .	case	neutral
I am pleased with the quality of the graphics and the ease of use .	graphics	neutral
I am pleased with the quality of the graphics and the ease of use .	use	neutral
Good solid build and works every time .	build	neutral
Good solid build and works every time .	works	neutral
The warning from OS X is to replace it .	OS X	neutral
In the very back there is a zipper compartment that has a cloth separator in it where I usually put my bulky laptop charger .	zipper compartment	neutral
In the very back there is a zipper compartment that has a cloth separator in it where I usually put my bulky laptop charger .	cloth	neutral
Each of the side pockets allow for ample storage of memory cards , charger cables , flash units , remotes , a point & shoot camera , etc .	memory cards	neutral
Each of the side pockets allow for ample storage of memory cards , charger cables , flash units , remotes , a point & shoot camera , etc .	charger cables	neutral
Each of the side pockets allow for ample storage of memory cards , charger cables , flash units , remotes , a point & shoot camera , etc .	flash units	neutral
Each of the side pockets allow for ample storage of memory cards , charger cables , flash units , remotes , a point & shoot camera , etc .	remotes	neutral
Jiggled the battery again and the computer shut off .	battery	neutral
No file transfer .	file transfer	neutral
That may vary depending on your setup , but it 's one tiny issue I noticed ( and quickly came to ignore ) .	setup	neutral
I have nothing to compare this wireless adapter to	wireless adapter	neutral
I bought these for my desktop , and I partly bought them because they have long enough cords for a desktop .	cords	neutral
I browse the net , open and save all MS Office	MS Office	neutral
I thought I had the correct instructions	instructions	neutral
The size of the screen bezel is thick for my taste ( I am spoiled by the XPS 13 thin bezel ) .	size	neutral
The size of the screen bezel is thick for my taste ( I am spoiled by the XPS 13 thin bezel ) .	screen bezel	neutral
This stretcheable cord does not make mass on my desk .	cord	neutral
Only gripe , is with the phone 's protective casing around it the plug does not fit very snuggly .	protective casing	neutral
Only gripe , is with the phone 's protective casing around it the plug does not fit very snuggly .	plug	neutral
If you want to impress folks with the appearance of your machine , roll over it in bed , or swing it around by the power cord , the 1215 n is not your honey suckle !	power cord	neutral
First , ( as of the time of this writing ) , I paid about $ 130 which seems very pricey for a keyboard dock .	keyboard dock	neutral
You can most likely find programs that will meet some of your needs , but if you have a website that uses a custom download program , or you need to use a specific password manager or something , then do n't get this because you 'll just be returning it .	programs	neutral
You can most likely find programs that will meet some of your needs , but if you have a website that uses a custom download program , or you need to use a specific password manager or something , then do n't get this because you 'll just be returning it .	download program	neutral
Some of these keyboard have an embedded fireware defect that causes keyboard to stop working at random times forceing you to hard reset PC .	keyboard	neutral
Some of these keyboard have an embedded fireware defect that causes keyboard to stop working at random times forceing you to hard reset PC .	fireware	neutral
Some of these keyboard have an embedded fireware defect that causes keyboard to stop working at random times forceing you to hard reset PC .	keyboard	neutral
then remove battery and hold power in for 10 seconds , but battery back inside plug it all back in and it runs great !	battery	neutral
then remove battery and hold power in for 10 seconds , but battery back inside plug it all back in and it runs great !	battery	neutral
then remove battery and hold power in for 10 seconds , but battery back inside plug it all back in and it runs great !	runs	neutral
Evo 4 G the stock cable got looseI paid $ 20 at Sprint for an extra one .	stock cable	neutral
Also , the included EMC software has been dumbed down a little too much to be useful .	included	neutral
Also , the included EMC software has been dumbed down a little too much to be useful .	EMC software	neutral
Very easy installation on our Windows 7 PC .	Windows 7	neutral
On the first day of use , the zipper got caught on my MacBook Air , and it left a small scratch .	zipper	neutral
but it works well after the update .	works	neutral
Hotel rooms seldom provide enough electrical outlets so this little guy helps alleviate that problem without having to carry a much larger and bulkier power strip .	electrical outlets	neutral
Hotel rooms seldom provide enough electrical outlets so this little guy helps alleviate that problem without having to carry a much larger and bulkier power strip .	power strip	neutral
I also do n't like how you have to hold down the FN key to use the most basic functions ( turning the screen brightness up and down , wifi on / off , volume up and down , which by the way , you 'll have to use 2 hands to do because there is only ONE function key	FN key	neutral
I also do n't like how you have to hold down the FN key to use the most basic functions ( turning the screen brightness up and down , wifi on / off , volume up and down , which by the way , you 'll have to use 2 hands to do because there is only ONE function key	screen brightness	neutral
I also do n't like how you have to hold down the FN key to use the most basic functions ( turning the screen brightness up and down , wifi on / off , volume up and down , which by the way , you 'll have to use 2 hands to do because there is only ONE function key	wifi	neutral
I also do n't like how you have to hold down the FN key to use the most basic functions ( turning the screen brightness up and down , wifi on / off , volume up and down , which by the way , you 'll have to use 2 hands to do because there is only ONE function key	volume	neutral
I also do n't like how you have to hold down the FN key to use the most basic functions ( turning the screen brightness up and down , wifi on / off , volume up and down , which by the way , you 'll have to use 2 hands to do because there is only ONE function key	function key	neutral
If you slide your hand along the bottom of the MBP , you can feel the ridge of the battery sticking up , but as many others mention , its something you have to just be willing to live with in exchange for saving $ 40 on the battery ...	battery	neutral
If you slide your hand along the bottom of the MBP , you can feel the ridge of the battery sticking up , but as many others mention , its something you have to just be willing to live with in exchange for saving $ 40 on the battery ...	battery	neutral
For those who intend on using this computer without upgrading the 5400rpm to a SSD - you really should reconsider .	5400rpm	neutral
For those who intend on using this computer without upgrading the 5400rpm to a SSD - you really should reconsider .	SSD	neutral
A+ for customer service from AnkerDirect !	customer service	neutral
One thing I did n't like is the weight , over 8 pounds with the battery , much heavier than the competition .	weight	neutral
One thing I did n't like is the weight , over 8 pounds with the battery , much heavier than the competition .	battery	neutral
I was just so bored of Windows and	Windows	neutral
Sadly , the backpack straps ca n't be removed ( If they could be unclipped on both ends you could leave a bit of weight behind and gain a pocket.)There is no beverage bottle holder , although admittedly it would be hard to do without spoiling the look of the bag .	backpack straps	neutral
Sadly , the backpack straps ca n't be removed ( If they could be unclipped on both ends you could leave a bit of weight behind and gain a pocket.)There is no beverage bottle holder , although admittedly it would be hard to do without spoiling the look of the bag .	beverage bottle holder	neutral
, USB mouse that I keep in the bag with this Netbook for easier use .	USB mouse	neutral
plus you get to see the album art .	album art	neutral
This is a high quality case and does a great job protecting our investment in a laptop .	case	neutral
The included software bundle is a mixed bag .	included software bundle	neutral
I like the keyboard	keyboard	neutral
I mean , you 'd expect that for such a strong pelican case ; but be warned , although it is ok for the length x width x height of a carry on , that does n't mean you can for sure carry it on .	length	neutral
I mean , you 'd expect that for such a strong pelican case ; but be warned , although it is ok for the length x width x height of a carry on , that does n't mean you can for sure carry it on .	width	neutral
I mean , you 'd expect that for such a strong pelican case ; but be warned , although it is ok for the length x width x height of a carry on , that does n't mean you can for sure carry it on .	height	neutral
I see this mouse has some raving reviews	mouse	neutral
I got another sleeve from Timbuk2	sleeve	neutral
The battery lasts forever and charges quickly .	battery	neutral
The battery lasts forever and charges quickly .	charges	neutral
It 's cumbersome on your back , opening it is a PAIN and not nearly as convenient as I thought it would be .	opening	neutral
It is not the last device that I will buy because I will upgrade with a HD device that plays FLAC files natively sometime in the future .	HD	neutral
It is not the last device that I will buy because I will upgrade with a HD device that plays FLAC files natively sometime in the future .	FLAC files	neutral
but it just did n't have the range that I needed .	range	neutral
The cooling pad includes flip down tabs that allow to have the computer slightly inclined which is a great feature .	cooling pad	neutral
Overall , a decent case , but I would n't recommend it .	case	neutral
As always with Amazon , great delivery time .	delivery time	neutral
but it seems pretty quick.- because it uses a cord	cord	neutral
does an awesome job in switching between applications .	applications	neutral
TSA - FriendlyIt'll be interesting to see whether TSA agents allow this feature to be useful rather than removing the laptop .	TSA -	neutral
TSA - FriendlyIt'll be interesting to see whether TSA agents allow this feature to be useful rather than removing the laptop .	TSA agents	neutral
TSA - FriendlyIt'll be interesting to see whether TSA agents allow this feature to be useful rather than removing the laptop .	feature	neutral
No - Blu Ray drive .	Blu Ray drive	neutral
The USB port only charges ; it does n't allow the iPhone to play music through it .	USB port	neutral
Two Nikon 's d-70 with 18 - 70 and d-300 with 70 - 300 with lens attached , A Nikon 600 Flash , close up filters , polarize filters , extra cards , batteries and a manual	close up filters	neutral
Two Nikon 's d-70 with 18 - 70 and d-300 with 70 - 300 with lens attached , A Nikon 600 Flash , close up filters , polarize filters , extra cards , batteries and a manual	polarize filters	neutral
Two Nikon 's d-70 with 18 - 70 and d-300 with 70 - 300 with lens attached , A Nikon 600 Flash , close up filters , polarize filters , extra cards , batteries and a manual	batteries	neutral
Battery life is about what the original battery was .	Battery life	neutral
Battery life is about what the original battery was .	battery	neutral
The keyboard is fine and if you set your browser to full screen view it helps make the 10 . 1 " screen adequate .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is fine and if you set your browser to full screen view it helps make the 10 . 1 " screen adequate .	10 . 1 " screen	neutral
and we have several IDE hard drives .	IDE hard drives	neutral
When using the USB ports on the same side , they can get entangled with the DVD player when it opens and closes .	USB ports	neutral
When using the USB ports on the same side , they can get entangled with the DVD player when it opens and closes .	DVD player	neutral
I tried using the G13 with Photoshop , Final Cut Pro , and After Effects , but it was much easier for me to use a normal keyboard .	Photoshop	neutral
I tried using the G13 with Photoshop , Final Cut Pro , and After Effects , but it was much easier for me to use a normal keyboard .	Final Cut Pro	neutral
I tried using the G13 with Photoshop , Final Cut Pro , and After Effects , but it was much easier for me to use a normal keyboard .	After Effects	neutral
I tried using the G13 with Photoshop , Final Cut Pro , and After Effects , but it was much easier for me to use a normal keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Also , the front is a fingerprint magnet .	front	neutral
I read where folks got bad batteries from the start , and others that had theirs last " only " a year or more from these fine vendors .	batteries	neutral
The appearance looks plain to me as compared to a Thule , but considering its price , it is perfect for travel .	appearance	neutral
The appearance looks plain to me as compared to a Thule , but considering its price , it is perfect for travel .	price	neutral
The Medialink CD	Medialink CD	neutral
But after 6 months of carrying around the power brick everyday , I 'm happy that I do n't have to do it anymore !	power brick	neutral
I suppose it would be possible to dislodge it with rough handling because of corners - only design , but I liked the easy access to controller .	corners	neutral
I suppose it would be possible to dislodge it with rough handling because of corners - only design , but I liked the easy access to controller .	design	neutral
Downside is that the battery pack sticks out a bit in the back , and adds a little weight .	battery pack	neutral
4x extender , flash and Manfrotto 055XPROB tripod .	extender	neutral
4x extender , flash and Manfrotto 055XPROB tripod .	flash	neutral
Considering the price , they get 5 stars .	price	neutral
Although inexpensive , this cable worked fine for connecting a Phantom GreenDrive 2 TB external hard drive to my FIOS DVR .	GreenDrive	neutral
Although inexpensive , this cable worked fine for connecting a Phantom GreenDrive 2 TB external hard drive to my FIOS DVR .	2 TB external hard drive	neutral
This pad works as described .	pad	neutral
- I even had the latest greatest AV / AM solutions on board - but apparently none of the will protect you on this old tired operating system !	AV / AM solutions	neutral
- I even had the latest greatest AV / AM solutions on board - but apparently none of the will protect you on this old tired operating system !	operating system	neutral
Laptop screen looks great on 46 " Sharp Quad Color ( RGBY )	screen	neutral
I tried checking the internet and Youtube for reviews on this product before ordering , but they all seemed lacking , especially when it came to sound quality .	sound quality	neutral
The sensitivity of the buttons is n't the greatest , and there is a delay in response time for of some of functions , which can be frustrating at times .	sensitivity	neutral
The sensitivity of the buttons is n't the greatest , and there is a delay in response time for of some of functions , which can be frustrating at times .	buttons	neutral
The sensitivity of the buttons is n't the greatest , and there is a delay in response time for of some of functions , which can be frustrating at times .	response time	neutral
I have loaded it with all my applications and have not had any issues - Office 2007 , Safari browser , Juice podcast RSS , even DragonSoft Naturally Speaking ( what I consider a computationally intensive app - full disclosure : I had to use a USB sound card that came with my headset to get a clean voice - to - text sound quality - the sound card built - in was choppy ) .	applications	neutral
I have loaded it with all my applications and have not had any issues - Office 2007 , Safari browser , Juice podcast RSS , even DragonSoft Naturally Speaking ( what I consider a computationally intensive app - full disclosure : I had to use a USB sound card that came with my headset to get a clean voice - to - text sound quality - the sound card built - in was choppy ) .	Office 2007	neutral
I have loaded it with all my applications and have not had any issues - Office 2007 , Safari browser , Juice podcast RSS , even DragonSoft Naturally Speaking ( what I consider a computationally intensive app - full disclosure : I had to use a USB sound card that came with my headset to get a clean voice - to - text sound quality - the sound card built - in was choppy ) .	Safari browser	neutral
I have loaded it with all my applications and have not had any issues - Office 2007 , Safari browser , Juice podcast RSS , even DragonSoft Naturally Speaking ( what I consider a computationally intensive app - full disclosure : I had to use a USB sound card that came with my headset to get a clean voice - to - text sound quality - the sound card built - in was choppy ) .	DragonSoft	neutral
I have loaded it with all my applications and have not had any issues - Office 2007 , Safari browser , Juice podcast RSS , even DragonSoft Naturally Speaking ( what I consider a computationally intensive app - full disclosure : I had to use a USB sound card that came with my headset to get a clean voice - to - text sound quality - the sound card built - in was choppy ) .	USB sound card	neutral
I have loaded it with all my applications and have not had any issues - Office 2007 , Safari browser , Juice podcast RSS , even DragonSoft Naturally Speaking ( what I consider a computationally intensive app - full disclosure : I had to use a USB sound card that came with my headset to get a clean voice - to - text sound quality - the sound card built - in was choppy ) .	sound card built - in	neutral
Half the price than Best Buy .	price	neutral
If your USB port is on the left side or back left side of your laptop , this baby wo n't reach far enough around to the right to be used , especially if you are using an external mouse on the right as well .	USB port	neutral
If your USB port is on the left side or back left side of your laptop , this baby wo n't reach far enough around to the right to be used , especially if you are using an external mouse on the right as well .	external mouse	neutral
but they were awful -- this one is much better because ( a ) it is one piece ( the other set had two speakers and a battery hub )	speakers	neutral
but they were awful -- this one is much better because ( a ) it is one piece ( the other set had two speakers and a battery hub )	battery hub	neutral
This is excellent RAM for your computer	RAM	neutral
Removing the ram from the package is unnecessarily difficult , and the package does not appear to offer any electrostatic protection .	ram	neutral
I just got this keyboard and it works great .	keyboard	neutral
Lenovo 's creativity went to wrong direction , it should be with the computer and technology and not with words !	technology	neutral
This Belkin Cushdesk works well	works	neutral
The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars : the canvas flap and two leather straps across the front - you have to & # 34;tidy&#34 ; this up every time you close it ; the canvas flap is too long , so it hits the buckles .	canvas flap	neutral
The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars : the canvas flap and two leather straps across the front - you have to & # 34;tidy&#34 ; this up every time you close it ; the canvas flap is too long , so it hits the buckles .	leather straps	neutral
The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars : the canvas flap and two leather straps across the front - you have to & # 34;tidy&#34 ; this up every time you close it ; the canvas flap is too long , so it hits the buckles .	canvas flap	neutral
The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars : the canvas flap and two leather straps across the front - you have to & # 34;tidy&#34 ; this up every time you close it ; the canvas flap is too long , so it hits the buckles .	buckles	neutral
An ounce of prevention really applies with utilization of these zip lock bags .	zip lock	neutral
it is like plugging into a power outlet so you can work while your laptop is charging .	power outlet	neutral
it is like plugging into a power outlet so you can work while your laptop is charging .	charging	neutral
Still when I start writing with the Pen the recording light on the receiver does not come on .	recording light	neutral
Still when I start writing with the Pen the recording light on the receiver does not come on .	receiver	neutral
You can get additional cables and adapters separately ( I would strongly consider getting another cable and adapter set for the car , having used it a while ) .	cables	neutral
You can get additional cables and adapters separately ( I would strongly consider getting another cable and adapter set for the car , having used it a while ) .	adapters	neutral
You can get additional cables and adapters separately ( I would strongly consider getting another cable and adapter set for the car , having used it a while ) .	cable	neutral
HP seems to have a good build with these .	build	neutral
The OS is not bad at all .	OS	neutral
BUT I am NOT constantly running all of these chargers all of the time .	chargers	neutral
power cord , was a little short , but still works good , still i like it , still get a 5 star rating from me	power cord	neutral
I would n't recommend this if you plan on playing games on here .	games	neutral
In case you loose your installation disk ( which I did and my wife uninstalled the card for some reason I have no clue ) here is a simple way to find the drivers for this card .	installation disk	neutral
In case you loose your installation disk ( which I did and my wife uninstalled the card for some reason I have no clue ) here is a simple way to find the drivers for this card .	card	neutral
In case you loose your installation disk ( which I did and my wife uninstalled the card for some reason I have no clue ) here is a simple way to find the drivers for this card .	drivers	neutral
In case you loose your installation disk ( which I did and my wife uninstalled the card for some reason I have no clue ) here is a simple way to find the drivers for this card .	card	neutral
It 's much too heavy gauge and big for portability .	portability	neutral
Well made cable .	cable	neutral
I expected it to be lighting fast with the i5 and the SSD drive which I want to put into all my computers .	i5	neutral
I expected it to be lighting fast with the i5 and the SSD drive which I want to put into all my computers .	SSD drive	neutral
Yes , I can spend more on a " better " Chromebook and get a better screen , I know .	screen	neutral
Then , after only two weeks the back of the power supply snapped off .	power supply	neutral
and I use the touch screen to scroll ...	touch screen	neutral
Recommend to get one if you use filters and need to organize them in your backpack .	filters	neutral
I had no idea just how dirty my television screen was until I ordered these cloths ! !	cloths	neutral
( It just looks good).My eyes are getting older , and the bigger , brighter screen helps a lot .	screen	neutral
Cable is well made and looks like it will last forever .	Cable	neutral
Also , the manufacturer was quite stingy on the length of both the USB and audio cables .	length	neutral
Also , the manufacturer was quite stingy on the length of both the USB and audio cables .	USB and	neutral
Also , the manufacturer was quite stingy on the length of both the USB and audio cables .	audio cables	neutral
Retractable cable is very thin so there is the possibility of breakageCONCLUSIONI will use the Dorcy for my small Chromebook	Retractable cable	neutral
The HP Battery Utility says that the battery has 0 % capacity .	HP	neutral
The HP Battery Utility says that the battery has 0 % capacity .	Battery Utility	neutral
The HP Battery Utility says that the battery has 0 % capacity .	battery	neutral
To choose which programs use which graphics card , just right click on the desktop and choose " configure switchable graphics .	programs	neutral
To choose which programs use which graphics card , just right click on the desktop and choose " configure switchable graphics .	graphics card	neutral
To choose which programs use which graphics card , just right click on the desktop and choose " configure switchable graphics .	switchable graphics	neutral
A fresh set of battery used to last a couple of months on the mouse , now it 's 3 weeks max .	battery	neutral
A fresh set of battery used to last a couple of months on the mouse , now it 's 3 weeks max .	mouse	neutral
When I purchased this puter the original owner was able to use a remote access program to reinstall those apps with his Apple ID , so I could use it , but I will not be able to receive future updates .	remote access program	neutral
When I purchased this puter the original owner was able to use a remote access program to reinstall those apps with his Apple ID , so I could use it , but I will not be able to receive future updates .	apps	neutral
Provides great protection and iPad interaction with the rechargeable keyboard .	rechargeable keyboard	neutral
That was my primary purpose - I 'd give it a 5 out of 5 for audio .	audio	neutral
The only thing I can really fault this system for is the plethora of crapware that comes preinstalled .	system	neutral
iPhone not always reliably secured / charging in dockVery large footprintThe dock obscures most of the home button , making it inaccessible when it is in the dockNo LED charge indicatorThe RCA	charging	neutral
iPhone not always reliably secured / charging in dockVery large footprintThe dock obscures most of the home button , making it inaccessible when it is in the dockNo LED charge indicatorThe RCA	footprintThe	neutral
iPhone not always reliably secured / charging in dockVery large footprintThe dock obscures most of the home button , making it inaccessible when it is in the dockNo LED charge indicatorThe RCA	dock	neutral
iPhone not always reliably secured / charging in dockVery large footprintThe dock obscures most of the home button , making it inaccessible when it is in the dockNo LED charge indicatorThe RCA	home button	neutral
iPhone not always reliably secured / charging in dockVery large footprintThe dock obscures most of the home button , making it inaccessible when it is in the dockNo LED charge indicatorThe RCA	LED charge indicatorThe	neutral
iPhone not always reliably secured / charging in dockVery large footprintThe dock obscures most of the home button , making it inaccessible when it is in the dockNo LED charge indicatorThe RCA	RCA	neutral
Time will tell if the speed is balanced out by too much heat that kills the machine or some sort of hidden shortcut they took on build quality , but nobody can really say that for sure until the machine has been out a couple years .	speed	neutral
Time will tell if the speed is balanced out by too much heat that kills the machine or some sort of hidden shortcut they took on build quality , but nobody can really say that for sure until the machine has been out a couple years .	build quality	neutral
The design of this item provides significantly larger air channels to allow flow across the bottom of the device where others have small or no ducting .	design	neutral
The design of this item provides significantly larger air channels to allow flow across the bottom of the device where others have small or no ducting .	air channels	neutral
This is my first purchase of a cordless mouse , and I love it !	cordless mouse	neutral
My son has had no complaints about performance and he watches movies on it .	performance	neutral
Plugged it in , downloaded firmware updates automatically , downloaded the software automatically and started up my CoPilot software .	firmware updates	neutral
Plugged it in , downloaded firmware updates automatically , downloaded the software automatically and started up my CoPilot software .	software	neutral
Plugged it in , downloaded firmware updates automatically , downloaded the software automatically and started up my CoPilot software .	CoPilot software	neutral
This case is a nice cross between a thin neoprene and a larger , heavier case .	case	neutral
There are some times when the screen gets that slightly pixelated look , but not very much .	screen	neutral
It is a great example of using space well .	space	neutral
Lenovo has made a great working tablet for windows 8 with full windows 8 running on the tablet !	windows 8	neutral
Lenovo has made a great working tablet for windows 8 with full windows 8 running on the tablet !	windows 8	neutral
A positively gorgeous laptop with all kinds of features built in that cost extra with PC 's and are no means anywhere as cool .	features	neutral
Half of what I expected but better than my old battery .	battery	neutral
The mic is nt the best in the world , but that s expected with a laptop mic .	mic	neutral
Also good for students and travelers who again , use web - based applications and do n't plan on installing software on their laptop .	web - based applications	neutral
Also good for students and travelers who again , use web - based applications and do n't plan on installing software on their laptop .	software	neutral
mode- good WiFi reception- screen flip and lock is mechanically solid*Minuses*- not a great seal when closed ; if you keep in a backpack or other kind of multi - use bag it will pick up dust etc .	mode-	neutral
mode- good WiFi reception- screen flip and lock is mechanically solid*Minuses*- not a great seal when closed ; if you keep in a backpack or other kind of multi - use bag it will pick up dust etc .	WiFi reception-	neutral
mode- good WiFi reception- screen flip and lock is mechanically solid*Minuses*- not a great seal when closed ; if you keep in a backpack or other kind of multi - use bag it will pick up dust etc .	screen flip	neutral
mode- good WiFi reception- screen flip and lock is mechanically solid*Minuses*- not a great seal when closed ; if you keep in a backpack or other kind of multi - use bag it will pick up dust etc .	lock	neutral
3 - After the reset and router rebooted , to continue configuring the router , a wired connection MUST be used .	wired connection	neutral
i bought i recommend this to everyone so get one its a simple plug install and go	plug	neutral
but I would buy it again at the current price .	price	neutral
They are low amperage ( about .3 amps ) lights	amperage	neutral
I like that you can adjust the cooling and there is an identifying light to let you know that it 's on	cooling	neutral
This is NOT a mechanical keyboard .	mechanical keyboard	neutral
The Velcro fastener for the screen - cover / kickstand was also somewhat of a letdown as I was expecting a slicker magnetic closure like the iPad2 cover .	Velcro fastener for the	neutral
The Velcro fastener for the screen - cover / kickstand was also somewhat of a letdown as I was expecting a slicker magnetic closure like the iPad2 cover .	screen - cover / kickstand	neutral
The Velcro fastener for the screen - cover / kickstand was also somewhat of a letdown as I was expecting a slicker magnetic closure like the iPad2 cover .	magnetic closure	neutral
Sound is fine .	Sound	neutral
Wireless connection to web , has a built in CD / DVD drive , a port for SD chips , two USB ports , and a built in vid camera above the screen .	Wireless connection to web	neutral
Wireless connection to web , has a built in CD / DVD drive , a port for SD chips , two USB ports , and a built in vid camera above the screen .	port for	neutral
Wireless connection to web , has a built in CD / DVD drive , a port for SD chips , two USB ports , and a built in vid camera above the screen .	SD chips	neutral
Wireless connection to web , has a built in CD / DVD drive , a port for SD chips , two USB ports , and a built in vid camera above the screen .	USB ports	neutral
UNBELIEVABLE THE SPEED OF THEIR DELIVERY ! !	SPEED	neutral
UNBELIEVABLE THE SPEED OF THEIR DELIVERY ! !	DELIVERY	neutral
Quite simply , you do n't have the precision with your finger tip that you do with a mouse - period .	precision	neutral
Quite simply , you do n't have the precision with your finger tip that you do with a mouse - period .	mouse	neutral
Only takes up 1 USB slot and works at a decent range ( tested out to 200 feet).Thank you for reading my review .	USB slot	neutral
Only takes up 1 USB slot and works at a decent range ( tested out to 200 feet).Thank you for reading my review .	range	neutral
Thank You Medialink , for creating a simple to install solution !	install	neutral
Being able to move the fans is , for me , essential .	fans	neutral
The problem I had was the shift key on the right , which is the size of a regular key .	shift key	neutral
There 's 3 sizes of speakers .	speakers	neutral
Wired Network Adapter with LED indicator for Notebooks , Ultrabooks and tablets with USB ports , USB bus poweredB00EHDNAOEI will update any of these if they are a no - go ( here),otherwise I will write a separate review of eachitem with more detail .	Wired Network Adapter	neutral
Wired Network Adapter with LED indicator for Notebooks , Ultrabooks and tablets with USB ports , USB bus poweredB00EHDNAOEI will update any of these if they are a no - go ( here),otherwise I will write a separate review of eachitem with more detail .	USB ports	neutral
Wired Network Adapter with LED indicator for Notebooks , Ultrabooks and tablets with USB ports , USB bus poweredB00EHDNAOEI will update any of these if they are a no - go ( here),otherwise I will write a separate review of eachitem with more detail .	USB bus	neutral
This case was inexpensive and for the price	case	neutral
This case was inexpensive and for the price	price	neutral
I 've had my laptop for 10 months , and today after getting my Targus Tornado notebook chill pad is the first time the laptop has not been hot to the touch .	chill pad	neutral
What they are not : Bass pounding , ear - drum - blowing , super speakers .	Bass	neutral
What they are not : Bass pounding , ear - drum - blowing , super speakers .	speakers	neutral
This is mostly cool because of the battery pack in this backpack , but it 's also a high quality backpack .	battery pack	neutral
The 12V output setting is just what my Acer wanted .	12V output setting	neutral
I really like in contrast to the nice shiny metallic finishes usually associated with Acer laptops .	finishes	neutral
It has a compartment in the back and two in the front .	compartment	neutral
I have upgraded my phone now and need a new cable , but I LOVE the micro auto charger .	cable	neutral
I have upgraded my phone now and need a new cable , but I LOVE the micro auto charger .	micro auto charger	neutral
Once you install the metal hardware on the new drive , slide it back in the location from where the old drive was in .	metal hardware	neutral
Once you install the metal hardware on the new drive , slide it back in the location from where the old drive was in .	drive	neutral
This means you will not be able to charge your laptop if you are sitting too far .	charge	neutral
It does come with large amount of pre - installed ' crapwares ' .	pre - installed	neutral
Does the speaker suck that much juice from the speaker ?	speaker	neutral
Does the speaker suck that much juice from the speaker ?	speaker	neutral
so I had to move it to a power strip .	power strip	neutral
If this Anker product lasts over a year , I will not hesitate to purchase the battery they offer for a fraction of the cost of the Dell .	battery	neutral
I usually have the phone with me anyway , and once paired the devices recognize each other every time , so it 's just a matter of grabbing the speaker unit and taking it where I need it .	speaker unit	neutral
Normally there is an evaluation fee of $ 50 for the mobile computing device for out of warranty products .	warranty	neutral
It boots up fast and amazon instant and hulu work great on it .	boots up	neutral
It boots up fast and amazon instant and hulu work great on it .	amazon instant	neutral
It works great in my car .	works	neutral
I prop mine up often while typing ( on a bluetooth keyboard ) and am concerned that the edges that are n't protected will get scratched up .	bluetooth keyboard	neutral
I prop mine up often while typing ( on a bluetooth keyboard ) and am concerned that the edges that are n't protected will get scratched up .	edges	neutral
This is supposed to be a " professional " level computer and they screw us out of a battery or power indicator !	battery	neutral
This is supposed to be a " professional " level computer and they screw us out of a battery or power indicator !	power indicator	neutral
the only difference - ram is 4 instead of 6 , procesor is 2 .	ram	neutral
the only difference - ram is 4 instead of 6 , procesor is 2 .	procesor	neutral
The nice thing about coupling this keyboard with an M500 series Palm is that you can have instant - on versatility .	keyboard	neutral
The nice thing about coupling this keyboard with an M500 series Palm is that you can have instant - on versatility .	versatility	neutral
While the quality of the TT is above average , there are a few elements of construction that suffer .	quality	neutral
While the quality of the TT is above average , there are a few elements of construction that suffer .	construction	neutral
I also got the Keyboard Portfolio Stand Case to go with it	Keyboard Portfolio Stand Case	neutral
None of the T model ever had accidental damage , although one had a hard drive that ever so slowly self distructed - I had time to save the data and replace it .	hard drive	neutral
I put a solid state hard drive in as soon as I got it and upgraded to Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
The memory has worked error free for over a year .	memory	neutral
One of the biggest selling points ( or detraction ) from a Bluetooth speaker is its ease of setup .	Bluetooth speaker	neutral
One of the biggest selling points ( or detraction ) from a Bluetooth speaker is its ease of setup .	setup	neutral
Length is as advertised .	Length	neutral
The version of this cord from Importer 520 arrived on time ( in 10 days ) and works fine charging a Kindle Fire from a laptop USB port .	cord	neutral
The version of this cord from Importer 520 arrived on time ( in 10 days ) and works fine charging a Kindle Fire from a laptop USB port .	charging	neutral
The version of this cord from Importer 520 arrived on time ( in 10 days ) and works fine charging a Kindle Fire from a laptop USB port .	USB port	neutral
In general use , I seem to get two or three hours between charges .	charges	neutral
It took a minute to connect with my Iphone and Ipad and the sound is fantastic .	sound	neutral
Like most external speakers , this device can be connected via Bluetooth , or hard wired using a standard 1/8 " audio cord .	external speakers	neutral
Like most external speakers , this device can be connected via Bluetooth , or hard wired using a standard 1/8 " audio cord .	Bluetooth	neutral
Like most external speakers , this device can be connected via Bluetooth , or hard wired using a standard 1/8 " audio cord .	audio cord	neutral
This has great sound for the size and price .	sound	neutral
This has great sound for the size and price .	size	neutral
This has great sound for the size and price .	price	neutral
Removing that divider also gives a bit more room .	divider	neutral
This remote works perfect for my Sony A-77 and Sony A-57 cameras .	remote	neutral
The current version of VirtueDesktops already supports the light and motion sensors to switch between virtual desktops .	light	neutral
The current version of VirtueDesktops already supports the light and motion sensors to switch between virtual desktops .	motion sensors	neutral
After buying this to have a second monitor for my laptop , I do n't have any issues .	monitor	neutral
so I ran some very simple test with DiskBench .	DiskBench	neutral
The Prime got noticeably warm , since the display has to be on constantly , and GPS performance was marginal ( I lost signal if I laid the pad on the passenger seat . )	display	neutral
The Prime got noticeably warm , since the display has to be on constantly , and GPS performance was marginal ( I lost signal if I laid the pad on the passenger seat . )	GPS performance	neutral
The Prime got noticeably warm , since the display has to be on constantly , and GPS performance was marginal ( I lost signal if I laid the pad on the passenger seat . )	pad	neutral
ASUS claims that the G750JX can resume from sleep in 2 seconds thanks to its Instant On power management technology .	power management technology	neutral
anyways before i babble on and on these work perfect for the newest macbook pros so do nt worry about the compatibility	compatibility	neutral
It 's A Camera plug in it works	Camera plug	neutral
The skin itself is pretty thick , the ink in the design is really well done , no smudges or anything , real crisp lines .	skin	neutral
The skin itself is pretty thick , the ink in the design is really well done , no smudges or anything , real crisp lines .	ink	neutral
The skin itself is pretty thick , the ink in the design is really well done , no smudges or anything , real crisp lines .	design	neutral
It does come with Skype ( and the webcam quality was very good , given that it is supposed to be only .3 megapixels ) , Works , Windows Live and a trial for both Norton Netbook Security Suite and Office 2007 .	Skype	neutral
It does come with Skype ( and the webcam quality was very good , given that it is supposed to be only .3 megapixels ) , Works , Windows Live and a trial for both Norton Netbook Security Suite and Office 2007 .	webcam quality	neutral
It does come with Skype ( and the webcam quality was very good , given that it is supposed to be only .3 megapixels ) , Works , Windows Live and a trial for both Norton Netbook Security Suite and Office 2007 .	Works	neutral
It does come with Skype ( and the webcam quality was very good , given that it is supposed to be only .3 megapixels ) , Works , Windows Live and a trial for both Norton Netbook Security Suite and Office 2007 .	Windows Live	neutral
It does come with Skype ( and the webcam quality was very good , given that it is supposed to be only .3 megapixels ) , Works , Windows Live and a trial for both Norton Netbook Security Suite and Office 2007 .	Norton Netbook Security Suite	neutral
It does come with Skype ( and the webcam quality was very good , given that it is supposed to be only .3 megapixels ) , Works , Windows Live and a trial for both Norton Netbook Security Suite and Office 2007 .	Office 2007	neutral
I did n't realize it did n't have DVD , which has been an adjustment , and the weird , screw on plug is positively huge ; it literally takes up my whole power strip .	DVD	neutral
I did n't realize it did n't have DVD , which has been an adjustment , and the weird , screw on plug is positively huge ; it literally takes up my whole power strip .	screw on plug	neutral
I did n't realize it did n't have DVD , which has been an adjustment , and the weird , screw on plug is positively huge ; it literally takes up my whole power strip .	power strip	neutral
If you have a vindictive teen or someone you do n't want on your system it is an effective system , but buy two in case they take revenge and swipe the reader .	system	neutral
This is STILL my laptop bag , and it still looks great , still works perfect , and believe it or not , still does nt even have ONE tear or popped stitch I can find .	works	neutral
Perfect size for music devices , computers , or tablets .	size	neutral
I would recommend this battery as a good backup source .	battery	neutral
I 'm using it with my desktop 's monitor , mouse and keyboard , and I switch at will between the two machines .	monitor	neutral
I 'm using it with my desktop 's monitor , mouse and keyboard , and I switch at will between the two machines .	mouse	neutral
I 'm using it with my desktop 's monitor , mouse and keyboard , and I switch at will between the two machines .	keyboard	neutral
The screen rotates , I thought I would use that a lot since I use my iPad a lot but other than showing peeps have not used .	screen	neutral
Works well when the batteries are connected , but the battery case does not hold the batteries snugly in place and a little jouncing beyond normal operation can jar the connections loose .	batteries	neutral
Works well when the batteries are connected , but the battery case does not hold the batteries snugly in place and a little jouncing beyond normal operation can jar the connections loose .	battery case	neutral
Works well when the batteries are connected , but the battery case does not hold the batteries snugly in place and a little jouncing beyond normal operation can jar the connections loose .	batteries	neutral
Works well when the batteries are connected , but the battery case does not hold the batteries snugly in place and a little jouncing beyond normal operation can jar the connections loose .	operation	neutral
It 's cheap and I suggest that it 's used as a temporary measure until the port gets fixed or a better sounding and constructed audio device can be purchased .	port	neutral
It 's cheap and I suggest that it 's used as a temporary measure until the port gets fixed or a better sounding and constructed audio device can be purchased .	audio	neutral
Its specs are on the same level as some high - end Windows gaming laptops but has twice the battery life and almost 3 times the display resolution .	specs	neutral
Its specs are on the same level as some high - end Windows gaming laptops but has twice the battery life and almost 3 times the display resolution .	battery life	neutral
Its specs are on the same level as some high - end Windows gaming laptops but has twice the battery life and almost 3 times the display resolution .	display resolution	neutral
Cloths are thicker than the ones you get from Apple , but not bulky at all .	Cloths	neutral
This chord continued to need replacement tips .	chord	neutral
This chord continued to need replacement tips .	tips	neutral
A fairly useful feature .	feature	neutral
Still a good deal , in my opinion , given that the initial price ( stock setup ) was 599 .	price	neutral
Still a good deal , in my opinion , given that the initial price ( stock setup ) was 599 .	stock setup	neutral
Keys felt as good as the original .	Keys	neutral
The only thing that can be improved is the screen .	screen	neutral
I had come to expect good quality products from Soundblaster but this far surpasses that description .	Soundblaster	neutral
Note that the 265 WT power cable with the lifetime maps can be used for some other Garmins .	265 WT power cable	neutral
I love this mouse	mouse	neutral
My only real complaint about this mouse is the price .	mouse	neutral
My only real complaint about this mouse is the price .	price	neutral
which is $ 199 ) or have it installed ( so the necessary codecs can also be used by iMovie , I suspect ) .	codecs	neutral
which is $ 199 ) or have it installed ( so the necessary codecs can also be used by iMovie , I suspect ) .	iMovie	neutral
I have read that there are lesser cases of backlight bleeding with the 52 " , but that 's probably partly due to the fact that the 52 " is 3 " less in size .	size	neutral
They look good , powered by USB , and have some fancy blue glowing pedestals .	USB	neutral
They look good , powered by USB , and have some fancy blue glowing pedestals .	pedestals	neutral
so I was looking for a USB wifi adapter and decided on the medialink150 .	USB wifi adapter	neutral
so I was looking for a USB wifi adapter and decided on the medialink150 .	medialink150	neutral
Highly recommend this keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I did say these are children handling the mouse easily and comfortably .	mouse	neutral
The cord is nice and long , making for easy movement around the computer .	cord	neutral
I tried it on three different android phones , and [ 1 ] the AC plug arrangement is such that you have to tinker with it just to get it to make contact , and [ 2 ]	AC plug arrangement	neutral
Would also be good if someone -- the manufacturer here or someone else -- made an app that made turning Bluetooth on and off one - click simple , instead of having to wade deep into mobile device interfaces to do that .	Bluetooth	neutral
Would also be good if someone -- the manufacturer here or someone else -- made an app that made turning Bluetooth on and off one - click simple , instead of having to wade deep into mobile device interfaces to do that .	mobile device interfaces	neutral
Quality appears to be good .	Quality	neutral
It , like the first one gives me about 4 hours of run and really does n't add too much weight to the laptop .	run	neutral
It , like the first one gives me about 4 hours of run and really does n't add too much weight to the laptop .	weight	neutral
right out the door with an option to buy an extended warranty for up to 90 days after date of purchase	extended warranty	neutral
I own several portable devices and it 's nice to be able to just carry one adapter .	adapter	neutral
The front pocket holds my pens , wires , cables , and mouse very well .	mouse	neutral
With the AZIO adapter installed , and APT - X initialized , the sound was a whole level of magnitude better , with clearly defined midranges and highs , plus extended bass .	AZIO adapter	neutral
With the AZIO adapter installed , and APT - X initialized , the sound was a whole level of magnitude better , with clearly defined midranges and highs , plus extended bass .	APT - X	neutral
With the AZIO adapter installed , and APT - X initialized , the sound was a whole level of magnitude better , with clearly defined midranges and highs , plus extended bass .	sound	neutral
With the AZIO adapter installed , and APT - X initialized , the sound was a whole level of magnitude better , with clearly defined midranges and highs , plus extended bass .	midranges	neutral
With the AZIO adapter installed , and APT - X initialized , the sound was a whole level of magnitude better , with clearly defined midranges and highs , plus extended bass .	extended bass	neutral
I can adjust the volume , skip to the next song , go back to the previous song , or pause a song using only the SuperTooth speaker dial .	volume	neutral
I can adjust the volume , skip to the next song , go back to the previous song , or pause a song using only the SuperTooth speaker dial .	SuperTooth speaker dial	neutral
Before beginning the installation process go out and get:1 .	installation	neutral
this case works great for my chromebook ! !	case	neutral
Photoshop , MS Office ) lightning fast !	Photoshop	neutral
Photoshop , MS Office ) lightning fast !	MS Office	neutral
Touchscreen gives extra life to many apps and gamesSuper fastExcellent battery life which last all dayDoes not generate too much heatLight weightSuper fast boot time100Gb Free Google Drive for 2 years60 days of free Google Play Music & # 34;All Access&#34;Better speakers than last model3D Games runs smoothlyCons : Not the greatest designTrack pad feels awkward the first day but it becomes extremely responsive and functional ...	Touchscreen	neutral
Touchscreen gives extra life to many apps and gamesSuper fastExcellent battery life which last all dayDoes not generate too much heatLight weightSuper fast boot time100Gb Free Google Drive for 2 years60 days of free Google Play Music & # 34;All Access&#34;Better speakers than last model3D Games runs smoothlyCons : Not the greatest designTrack pad feels awkward the first day but it becomes extremely responsive and functional ...	apps	neutral
Touchscreen gives extra life to many apps and gamesSuper fastExcellent battery life which last all dayDoes not generate too much heatLight weightSuper fast boot time100Gb Free Google Drive for 2 years60 days of free Google Play Music & # 34;All Access&#34;Better speakers than last model3D Games runs smoothlyCons : Not the greatest designTrack pad feels awkward the first day but it becomes extremely responsive and functional ...	gamesSuper	neutral
Touchscreen gives extra life to many apps and gamesSuper fastExcellent battery life which last all dayDoes not generate too much heatLight weightSuper fast boot time100Gb Free Google Drive for 2 years60 days of free Google Play Music & # 34;All Access&#34;Better speakers than last model3D Games runs smoothlyCons : Not the greatest designTrack pad feels awkward the first day but it becomes extremely responsive and functional ...	battery life	neutral
Touchscreen gives extra life to many apps and gamesSuper fastExcellent battery life which last all dayDoes not generate too much heatLight weightSuper fast boot time100Gb Free Google Drive for 2 years60 days of free Google Play Music & # 34;All Access&#34;Better speakers than last model3D Games runs smoothlyCons : Not the greatest designTrack pad feels awkward the first day but it becomes extremely responsive and functional ...	boot time100Gb	neutral
Touchscreen gives extra life to many apps and gamesSuper fastExcellent battery life which last all dayDoes not generate too much heatLight weightSuper fast boot time100Gb Free Google Drive for 2 years60 days of free Google Play Music & # 34;All Access&#34;Better speakers than last model3D Games runs smoothlyCons : Not the greatest designTrack pad feels awkward the first day but it becomes extremely responsive and functional ...	Google Drive	neutral
Touchscreen gives extra life to many apps and gamesSuper fastExcellent battery life which last all dayDoes not generate too much heatLight weightSuper fast boot time100Gb Free Google Drive for 2 years60 days of free Google Play Music & # 34;All Access&#34;Better speakers than last model3D Games runs smoothlyCons : Not the greatest designTrack pad feels awkward the first day but it becomes extremely responsive and functional ...	Google Play Music	neutral
Touchscreen gives extra life to many apps and gamesSuper fastExcellent battery life which last all dayDoes not generate too much heatLight weightSuper fast boot time100Gb Free Google Drive for 2 years60 days of free Google Play Music & # 34;All Access&#34;Better speakers than last model3D Games runs smoothlyCons : Not the greatest designTrack pad feels awkward the first day but it becomes extremely responsive and functional ...	speakers	neutral
Touchscreen gives extra life to many apps and gamesSuper fastExcellent battery life which last all dayDoes not generate too much heatLight weightSuper fast boot time100Gb Free Google Drive for 2 years60 days of free Google Play Music & # 34;All Access&#34;Better speakers than last model3D Games runs smoothlyCons : Not the greatest designTrack pad feels awkward the first day but it becomes extremely responsive and functional ...	designTrack pad	neutral
The laptop inclines quite a bit from what I 'm used to but it is n't uncomfortable at all and the rubber ' grips ' seem to do their job very well .	rubber	neutral
Other than that , it keeps my laptop charged more fully than the charger that came with the laptop .	charged	neutral
Other than that , it keeps my laptop charged more fully than the charger that came with the laptop .	charger	neutral
Good size and weight makes it very portable within affordable budget .	size	neutral
Good size and weight makes it very portable within affordable budget .	weight	neutral
Good size and weight makes it very portable within affordable budget .	budget	neutral
The Sony Sales Rep told me that the new driver updates would take care of all my troubles	Sony Sales Rep	neutral
The Sony Sales Rep told me that the new driver updates would take care of all my troubles	driver updates	neutral
Do n't listen to the person who gave the case just 3 stars simply because of the handle placement .	case	neutral
Do n't listen to the person who gave the case just 3 stars simply because of the handle placement .	handle placement	neutral
I 'd really like to use that slot .	slot	neutral
First the refurbished aspect is very good .	refurbished aspect	neutral
If you entered all the data right , you should see a green Ralink logo in the tray .	Ralink	neutral
On mine , all the red wires from the fans were connected with one of the USB wires on one switch terminal and all the black wires from the fans were connected with the other USB wire on the other switch terminal .	fans	neutral
On mine , all the red wires from the fans were connected with one of the USB wires on one switch terminal and all the black wires from the fans were connected with the other USB wire on the other switch terminal .	USB wires	neutral
On mine , all the red wires from the fans were connected with one of the USB wires on one switch terminal and all the black wires from the fans were connected with the other USB wire on the other switch terminal .	switch terminal	neutral
On mine , all the red wires from the fans were connected with one of the USB wires on one switch terminal and all the black wires from the fans were connected with the other USB wire on the other switch terminal .	fans	neutral
On mine , all the red wires from the fans were connected with one of the USB wires on one switch terminal and all the black wires from the fans were connected with the other USB wire on the other switch terminal .	USB wire	neutral
On mine , all the red wires from the fans were connected with one of the USB wires on one switch terminal and all the black wires from the fans were connected with the other USB wire on the other switch terminal .	switch terminal	neutral
I ordered a Ext . Enclosure--	Ext . Enclosure--	neutral
It has one the brightest and lustrous screens you 've ever seen on a laptop / that you 've every seen in the world .	screens	neutral
The metal case will get hot but that is how the case keeps the hard drive cooler .	metal case	neutral
The metal case will get hot but that is how the case keeps the hard drive cooler .	case	neutral
The metal case will get hot but that is how the case keeps the hard drive cooler .	hard drive	neutral
I connected this to a charger , and to my Samsung S3 hdmi adapter ( to my S4 ) , as the adapter 's power source .	charger	neutral
I connected this to a charger , and to my Samsung S3 hdmi adapter ( to my S4 ) , as the adapter 's power source .	S3	neutral
I connected this to a charger , and to my Samsung S3 hdmi adapter ( to my S4 ) , as the adapter 's power source .	hdmi adapter	neutral
I connected this to a charger , and to my Samsung S3 hdmi adapter ( to my S4 ) , as the adapter 's power source .	power	neutral
Originally had the 9 cell Dell battery	9 cell Dell battery	neutral
BUT , this very function messes up the key 's assigned functions ( Spaces , Dashboard , Expos&eacute ; , etc ... ) which makes it a toss - up between choosing either the Expos&eacute ; functions or the Volume / Brightness functions .	key	neutral
BUT , this very function messes up the key 's assigned functions ( Spaces , Dashboard , Expos&eacute ; , etc ... ) which makes it a toss - up between choosing either the Expos&eacute ; functions or the Volume / Brightness functions .	functions	neutral
BUT , this very function messes up the key 's assigned functions ( Spaces , Dashboard , Expos&eacute ; , etc ... ) which makes it a toss - up between choosing either the Expos&eacute ; functions or the Volume / Brightness functions .	Dashboard	neutral
BUT , this very function messes up the key 's assigned functions ( Spaces , Dashboard , Expos&eacute ; , etc ... ) which makes it a toss - up between choosing either the Expos&eacute ; functions or the Volume / Brightness functions .	Volume / Brightness functions	neutral
It 's got GREAT compartments and zipper options , but I ca n't wear it too long or I start to get a headache .	compartments	neutral
It 's got GREAT compartments and zipper options , but I ca n't wear it too long or I start to get a headache .	zipper options	neutral
also the touch pad is a bit sensitive , and the heat from my palm often moves the cursor to some other place , and i have to disable the touch pad when i type .	touch pad	neutral
also the touch pad is a bit sensitive , and the heat from my palm often moves the cursor to some other place , and i have to disable the touch pad when i type .	touch pad	neutral
If you have to take the product off be very careful because if you peel it off by the edges the edges will crease and you ca n't get those creases out .	edges	neutral
If you have to take the product off be very careful because if you peel it off by the edges the edges will crease and you ca n't get those creases out .	edges	neutral
It feels like they designed the computer to do a job and then priced it accordingly rather than deciding on a price and then cutting costs to meet it .	price	neutral
I was looking for a screen protector that was n't noticeable but kept fingerprints and grime off the screen of my MacBook Pro .	screen protector	neutral
I was looking for a screen protector that was n't noticeable but kept fingerprints and grime off the screen of my MacBook Pro .	screen	neutral
It shows monstrous number of errors being corrected by Firmware , which is a bad sign which means your data is going to be lost one day or another .	Firmware	neutral
I installed the card and checked my device manager and it showed up under other devices code 10 needing a driver .	card	neutral
I installed the card and checked my device manager and it showed up under other devices code 10 needing a driver .	device manager	neutral
I installed the card and checked my device manager and it showed up under other devices code 10 needing a driver .	driver	neutral
Okay , I 'll also share with you the stock " Windows Experience Index"Processor : 6 .	Windows Experience Index"Processor	neutral
They stated that the enclosure should not have failed .	enclosure	neutral
The 3/4 G is worthless to me because T - Mobile does n't reach my part of the US .	3/4 G	neutral
Once I changed the setting no more problem .	setting	neutral
Works great with an extra monitor at work .	monitor	neutral
The screws lined up fine for me unlike other reviewers report , but I found you really could n't tell when they were fully tight - they went in with much effort from the start - so that I ended up stripping at least one of them , and then knew enough to be very careful with the other 3 .	screws	neutral
The beats audio turnwheel is too loose .	beats audio turnwheel	neutral
I like the design of this case a lot .	design	neutral
I like the design of this case a lot .	case	neutral
One final note , the original panel was an LG , so that might be the one to replace .	panel	neutral
so well you can control phones with call waiting and if your phones have voice command it works as well .	voice command	neutral
After getting there and going through the Quick Internet Setup , there are a few things that I found that were needed to make the EA N66 work consistently : .	Internet Setup	neutral
If they keep it for a month its just a month of warranty gone .	warranty	neutral
I decided that I am going to start walking instead of using my car for exercise and cause gas prices are so crazy lately and are only gon na get worse .	prices	neutral
gb ram w/750 gb hard drive this solid for this price .	price	neutral
If you do n't use iTunes , you do n't like to , or do n't want to , this may be the only * real * problem one could face .	iTunes	neutral
In other words , its a good idea to recalibrate from time to time as your monitor will fluctuate slightly over time .	monitor	neutral
I have not tried fan based pads	fan based pads	neutral
The shock absorbing straps and air vented back are perfect for riding , even with heavy cargo .	shock absorbing straps	neutral
Figured I 'd throw out that this does work with an adapter and a 220V outlet .	adapter	neutral
Figured I 'd throw out that this does work with an adapter and a 220V outlet .	220V outlet	neutral
It has more powers with its size , strength and statue .	size	neutral
This is not true of the past when Lenovo did included mSATA connector for the Y480/Y580 and earlier models ( even if you do n't purchase SSD options ) .	mSATA connector	neutral
This is not true of the past when Lenovo did included mSATA connector for the Y480/Y580 and earlier models ( even if you do n't purchase SSD options ) .	SSD options	neutral
It is speedy , has good wifi connectivity , and has all of the features I would expect when buying a pricier model of computer such as a webcam and HDMI port .	wifi connectivity	neutral
It is speedy , has good wifi connectivity , and has all of the features I would expect when buying a pricier model of computer such as a webcam and HDMI port .	features	neutral
It is speedy , has good wifi connectivity , and has all of the features I would expect when buying a pricier model of computer such as a webcam and HDMI port .	webcam	neutral
It is speedy , has good wifi connectivity , and has all of the features I would expect when buying a pricier model of computer such as a webcam and HDMI port .	HDMI port	neutral
I 'm getting cold chills from the fans	fans	neutral
3 inch LED / LCD monitor and looks good , then this Acer laptop is for you .	LED / LCD monitor	neutral
Again , to be clear , the G74 DOESN'T do that - it just has a normal setup where the integrated graphics are NOT used , and the Geforce GTX 560 is what 's connected directly to the monitor ....	setup	neutral
Again , to be clear , the G74 DOESN'T do that - it just has a normal setup where the integrated graphics are NOT used , and the Geforce GTX 560 is what 's connected directly to the monitor ....	integrated graphics	neutral
Again , to be clear , the G74 DOESN'T do that - it just has a normal setup where the integrated graphics are NOT used , and the Geforce GTX 560 is what 's connected directly to the monitor ....	Geforce GTX 560	neutral
Zippers seem above average and the strap is what you would expect but with nice hardware ( metal and pretty easy to remove.)I use it without the strap because the handle is sturdy and has nice foam padding .	Zippers	neutral
Zippers seem above average and the strap is what you would expect but with nice hardware ( metal and pretty easy to remove.)I use it without the strap because the handle is sturdy and has nice foam padding .	strap	neutral
Zippers seem above average and the strap is what you would expect but with nice hardware ( metal and pretty easy to remove.)I use it without the strap because the handle is sturdy and has nice foam padding .	hardware	neutral
Zippers seem above average and the strap is what you would expect but with nice hardware ( metal and pretty easy to remove.)I use it without the strap because the handle is sturdy and has nice foam padding .	strap	neutral
Zippers seem above average and the strap is what you would expect but with nice hardware ( metal and pretty easy to remove.)I use it without the strap because the handle is sturdy and has nice foam padding .	handle	neutral
Zippers seem above average and the strap is what you would expect but with nice hardware ( metal and pretty easy to remove.)I use it without the strap because the handle is sturdy and has nice foam padding .	foam padding	neutral
My mistake assuming broadcom is the only BT chip set maker in the game .	broadcom	neutral
My mistake assuming broadcom is the only BT chip set maker in the game .	BT chip set	neutral
The fans get their power via a USB cord , which has a pass - through connector on the computer side , so you can still connect another device to that port .	fans	neutral
The fans get their power via a USB cord , which has a pass - through connector on the computer side , so you can still connect another device to that port .	USB cord	neutral
The fans get their power via a USB cord , which has a pass - through connector on the computer side , so you can still connect another device to that port .	port	neutral
The tablet has Bluetooth but for some reason it would n't work with the KB&M without it 's dongle .	Bluetooth	neutral
The tablet has Bluetooth but for some reason it would n't work with the KB&M without it 's dongle .	dongle	neutral
And I expect that gripping it wo n't present a problem for people with somewhat diminished hand strength ( I have had that problem , so I am sensitive to it ) .	hand strength	neutral
I wanted to use it for text entry while traveling and commuting , but I am having a whale of a time trying to adjust to the continual skipping and jumping of the cursor .	cursor	neutral
If it stops working , put new batteries in and you are good to go .	batteries	neutral
I do n't mean the adapter	adapter	neutral
The audio only works over HDMI so if you have an HDMI enabled monitor with built in speakers	audio	neutral
The audio only works over HDMI so if you have an HDMI enabled monitor with built in speakers	HDMI	neutral
The audio only works over HDMI so if you have an HDMI enabled monitor with built in speakers	HDMI	neutral
External Hard drive , using CrystalDiskMark , and found the following results :	External Hard drive	neutral
You could however share a cd drive on your network from another computer using Map drives ( built into windows ) and I think that would work for most uses if you do not have an external .	cd drive	neutral
You could however share a cd drive on your network from another computer using Map drives ( built into windows ) and I think that would work for most uses if you do not have an external .	Map drives	neutral
You could however share a cd drive on your network from another computer using Map drives ( built into windows ) and I think that would work for most uses if you do not have an external .	external	neutral
It works really well , the fan is quiet .	works	neutral
It works really well , the fan is quiet .	fan	neutral
It was an amazing improvement right away , opening multiple programs , running large pro tools sessions , everything was just quicker and more responsive .	opening	neutral
It was an amazing improvement right away , opening multiple programs , running large pro tools sessions , everything was just quicker and more responsive .	programs	neutral
It was an amazing improvement right away , opening multiple programs , running large pro tools sessions , everything was just quicker and more responsive .	pro tools sessions	neutral
A hardware volume control would have been nice , but it is really not necessary since Windows places a software volume control in the lower - right corner of the screen .	hardware volume control	neutral
A hardware volume control would have been nice , but it is really not necessary since Windows places a software volume control in the lower - right corner of the screen .	Windows	neutral
A hardware volume control would have been nice , but it is really not necessary since Windows places a software volume control in the lower - right corner of the screen .	software volume control	neutral
A hardware volume control would have been nice , but it is really not necessary since Windows places a software volume control in the lower - right corner of the screen .	screen	neutral
The pouch seems sturdy .	pouch	neutral
In addition , the seller is very responsive and strives for excellent service and satisfaction .	service	neutral
w/ 18 - 135 mm STM lens & hood in the top sling .	hood	neutral
Excellent product love the screen great job	screen	neutral
Have no mobility with this cable if your needing a charge .	cable	neutral
Have no mobility with this cable if your needing a charge .	charge	neutral
If style is a major factor for you , these might win over other models on looks alone .	style	neutral
If style is a major factor for you , these might win over other models on looks alone .	looks	neutral
I think the motherboard died , b / c my HD was readable when I bought the new Dell .	motherboard	neutral
I think the motherboard died , b / c my HD was readable when I bought the new Dell .	HD	neutral
This battery is junk .	battery	neutral
Bought this SD Class 6 card for my new Kodak 1285 camera especially for HD videos .	SD Class 6 card	neutral
Easy to install .	install	neutral
My transfer rates are totally bursting now ! ! !	transfer rates	neutral
Design is very good , smoothy ..	Design	neutral
The biggest use for computers in the business world is , of course , office suites and Google Docs does a pretty good job , but still lacks many of the features of desktop office suites .	office suites	neutral
The biggest use for computers in the business world is , of course , office suites and Google Docs does a pretty good job , but still lacks many of the features of desktop office suites .	Google Docs	neutral
The biggest use for computers in the business world is , of course , office suites and Google Docs does a pretty good job , but still lacks many of the features of desktop office suites .	features	neutral
Aside from the disappointing surprise , the drive is very small , discrete and fun .	drive	neutral
IPS screen display , which is just perfect if you love to play games or watch movies .	IPS screen display	neutral
Great signal strength and reception .	signal strength	neutral
Great signal strength and reception .	reception	neutral
I found that it does not work well with anything but the included mouse pad .	included mouse pad	neutral
Two satellite speakers were looking good and I gave this speaker system to my wife so that she can enjoy the beauty of it .	speakers	neutral
Two satellite speakers were looking good and I gave this speaker system to my wife so that she can enjoy the beauty of it .	speaker system	neutral
I love the touch screen functionality .	touch screen functionality	neutral
This battery did not fit my laptop although it advertised the same code as my laptop battery AS07A41 .	battery	neutral
I priced an OEM battery and freaked ... it was way , way too expensive for a laptop that I figured would only really be usable for another year .	battery	neutral
The color is extremely good and is consistent over different view angles .	color	neutral
A few things before I really get into it should be noted : There is no firewall to configure ; no need for virus protection ; system is automatically updated without bother , and has an SSD ( solid state drive for virtually noiseless computing ) , and can run up to 8 to 9 hours on one charge .	firewall	neutral
A few things before I really get into it should be noted : There is no firewall to configure ; no need for virus protection ; system is automatically updated without bother , and has an SSD ( solid state drive for virtually noiseless computing ) , and can run up to 8 to 9 hours on one charge .	virus protection	neutral
A few things before I really get into it should be noted : There is no firewall to configure ; no need for virus protection ; system is automatically updated without bother , and has an SSD ( solid state drive for virtually noiseless computing ) , and can run up to 8 to 9 hours on one charge .	system	neutral
A few things before I really get into it should be noted : There is no firewall to configure ; no need for virus protection ; system is automatically updated without bother , and has an SSD ( solid state drive for virtually noiseless computing ) , and can run up to 8 to 9 hours on one charge .	SSD	neutral
A few things before I really get into it should be noted : There is no firewall to configure ; no need for virus protection ; system is automatically updated without bother , and has an SSD ( solid state drive for virtually noiseless computing ) , and can run up to 8 to 9 hours on one charge .	charge	neutral
To start off with I have Windows 7 64 bit .	Windows 7 64 bit	neutral
Graphics and speed wise	Graphics	neutral
Graphics and speed wise	speed	neutral
so if you are in need of a LAN card for your XP or newer OS machine you ca n't beat the price or the service .	LAN card	neutral
so if you are in need of a LAN card for your XP or newer OS machine you ca n't beat the price or the service .	price	neutral
so if you are in need of a LAN card for your XP or newer OS machine you ca n't beat the price or the service .	service	neutral
The usb cord is fairly short , so you 're not going to be able to use the camera like a movie director	usb cord	neutral
The usb cord is fairly short , so you 're not going to be able to use the camera like a movie director	camera	neutral
Would n't be a bad idea to seal it up carefully with silicone sealant !	silicone sealant	neutral
Tips on extended warranty : This TV comes with a 1yr service / labor warranty .	extended warranty	neutral
Tips on extended warranty : This TV comes with a 1yr service / labor warranty .	service / labor warranty	neutral
I think this is the only laptop in this class which has a HDMI which connects easily to my LCD HDTV .	HDMI	neutral
Now if your speakers are turned on and halfway across the room , you can play your music , podcasts , or whatever from the convenience of the palm of your hand and have the room fill up with sound from these surprisingly quality speakers .	speakers	neutral
Now if your speakers are turned on and halfway across the room , you can play your music , podcasts , or whatever from the convenience of the palm of your hand and have the room fill up with sound from these surprisingly quality speakers .	sound	neutral
Now if your speakers are turned on and halfway across the room , you can play your music , podcasts , or whatever from the convenience of the palm of your hand and have the room fill up with sound from these surprisingly quality speakers .	speakers	neutral
In my opinion , it 's much better than external hard drive enclosures considering the amount of HDDs I have laying around the house ...	external hard drive enclosures	neutral
4 replacements later they are trying to tell me I should 've returned it with tracking but part of the benefits of the warranty	warranty	neutral
The first time you turn it on you 'll have to go through the drawn out Windows 8 setup .	Windows 8 setup	neutral
I would recommend this for anyone who needs a replacement laptop battery !	battery	neutral
and it 's not all noise like most fans are .	fans	neutral
It even has a joystick that you can move with your thumb to move your characters around .	joystick	neutral
I was VERY impressed with this card , and the price is almost so low	card	neutral
I was VERY impressed with this card , and the price is almost so low	price	neutral
This MBPro with the new i7 2 .	i7 2 .	neutral
So if you ever plan to use a 3 TB drive , this is not the docking station for you .	3 TB drive	neutral
So if you ever plan to use a 3 TB drive , this is not the docking station for you .	docking station	neutral
Seems to be very compatible and all the services showed up on the computer as would be expected and my devices all connect ( GPS , Phones , headsets , etc ) to my desktop PC now .	services	neutral
Replacement was easy and the keyboard dropped into all the correct tabs and slots with no issues .	keyboard	neutral
whatever is lacking in the Microsoft Store , I usually can find a free , powerful version for full Windows .	Windows	neutral
This is a nice device for people whose laptop speakers are too weak .	speakers	neutral
I called the Apple customer care number .	Apple customer care number	neutral
works great , got it quick .	works	neutral
If you have serious problems with the looseness and think you 'll be playing tug - o - war with your adapter , then steer clear .	looseness	neutral
If you have serious problems with the looseness and think you 'll be playing tug - o - war with your adapter , then steer clear .	adapter	neutral
this cooling unit , spent 5 minutes installing it , have had no more overheating problems .	cooling unit	neutral
I have no idea what these negative reviewers are doing , but whatever it is I suspect no cable would hold up .	cable	neutral
Good price , works fine .	price	neutral
Good price , works fine .	works	neutral
The biggest con I would say are the ZIPPERS .	ZIPPERS	neutral
Here , the plugs fit snugly , and do n't work themselves loose .	plugs	neutral
It works great .	works	neutral
So , we decided to purchase this item , because it 's flexible for our notebook pc , as well as the audio recording performance .	audio recording performance	neutral
There are also some velcro pieces to make the fit snug and allowing the extra space to be utilized .	velcro pieces	neutral
Yeah , you spending $ 40 vs. $ 25 , but the Verbatim USB adapter fell apart within a week	Verbatim USB adapter	neutral
This little guy allows me to do so much more with my network - and its ability to charge other devices is icing on the cake .	charge	neutral
Even better than the original cord that came with the laptop .	cord	neutral
Sideways power bring takes a lot of space on my surge strip .	surge strip	neutral
I am unable to run the downloaded installer .	downloaded installer	neutral
It is slim in appearance , but can get allot into it .	appearance	neutral
I FULLY RECOMMEND this battery .	battery	neutral
Attractive design .	design	neutral
Just feels exremely solid all around in my opinion and I love this power supply .	power supply	neutral
20-A 2 weeks now , and I compare it with my 2 year old Dell " gamer " desktop in speed and clarity ...	speed	neutral
20-A 2 weeks now , and I compare it with my 2 year old Dell " gamer " desktop in speed and clarity ...	clarity	neutral
It also charges the iPhone about as fast as the one that comes with it ( 5 watts vs 4 watts , not much less ) .	charges	neutral
Yes it does have the fleece lining to protect it from scratches	fleece lining	neutral
So it can work in your car if you have a USB adaptor , or you can plug it into your USB wall charger hub as a low energy night light .	USB adaptor	neutral
So it can work in your car if you have a USB adaptor , or you can plug it into your USB wall charger hub as a low energy night light .	USB wall charger hub	neutral
Of course , I can not yet comment on the longevity of the battery , but if it is a genuine Apple battery , I expect that it will perform satisfactorily .	longevity	neutral
Of course , I can not yet comment on the longevity of the battery , but if it is a genuine Apple battery , I expect that it will perform satisfactorily .	battery	neutral
Of course , I can not yet comment on the longevity of the battery , but if it is a genuine Apple battery , I expect that it will perform satisfactorily .	battery	neutral
Lack of home / end / insert / delete buttons on the keyboard is a big minus .	insert	neutral
Lack of home / end / insert / delete buttons on the keyboard is a big minus .	delete buttons	neutral
Lack of home / end / insert / delete buttons on the keyboard is a big minus .	keyboard	neutral
The Nikon had triangle shapped connectors that worked with the strap .	connectors	neutral
The Nikon had triangle shapped connectors that worked with the strap .	strap	neutral
Screen does n't close as tightly with base as I 'd like	Screen	neutral
Screen does n't close as tightly with base as I 'd like	base	neutral
xp sp3 , but one would receive similar results on just about anything . : )	xp sp3	neutral
Plastic insert may have a limited life as the material is rather thin .	Plastic insert	neutral
Plastic insert may have a limited life as the material is rather thin .	material	neutral
I plugged it into a USB3 hub and it connected with no problem .	USB3 hub	neutral
Only the range could be improved - I 've got 10 ' ceilings and its weak through 2 floors .	range	neutral
Surfing the ' Net is faster on the same wireless connection I have been using now for a couple of years .	Surfing	neutral
Surfing the ' Net is faster on the same wireless connection I have been using now for a couple of years .	wireless connection	neutral
I wanted to hard wire to the router as the wireless connection I had did n't allow a good signal .	wireless connection	neutral
The only possible downside is that the glossy finish is easily smudged with fingerprints .	glossy finish	neutral
I looked at some brands that cost upwards of $ 300 and saw some very nice backpacks , but nothing that really justified the obscene expense ( IMO ) .	cost	neutral
The zippers are very easy to operate ; they are not stiff at all .	zippers	neutral
surprising that it 's that loud , now do nt be fooled the sound is ok	sound	neutral
I end up using this more than my ipad because I like the keyboard	keyboard	neutral
Also , having two fans is more effictive .	fans	neutral
Ordered this for a new computer build and since I only use the computer for web surfing , this is great .	web surfing	neutral
It must have a latching top or zipper .	zipper	neutral
I guess the walls and floors is blocking the signal .	signal	neutral
One day I suspect the bottom case will just fall off .	bottom case	neutral
I now have a full " n " speed system .	n " speed system	neutral
The plastic Cordies for $ 13 is 118 grams .	plastic Cordies	neutral
This is a nice mouse , easy to hold and has worked well so far .	mouse	neutral
This is a nice mouse , easy to hold and has worked well so far .	hold	neutral
However , my hard drives are encrypted so at 61MB / second my CPU is maxed out at 100 % so the limit could be due to my CPU .	hard drives	neutral
However , my hard drives are encrypted so at 61MB / second my CPU is maxed out at 100 % so the limit could be due to my CPU .	CPU	neutral
However , my hard drives are encrypted so at 61MB / second my CPU is maxed out at 100 % so the limit could be due to my CPU .	CPU	neutral
If you just use it for an unprotected tablet with a key board it would work just fine .	key board	neutral
Video CameraSurprisingly good .	Video CameraSurprisingly	neutral
The included mini - CD was not fully readable ( had some damage ) .	included mini - CD	neutral
Did not include the red keyboard color and sent the wrong size .	keyboard color	neutral
Did not include the red keyboard color and sent the wrong size .	size	neutral
, the bag is a little too small for the camera and the A / C adaptor and other cables .	camera	neutral
, the bag is a little too small for the camera and the A / C adaptor and other cables .	A / C adaptor	neutral
Disabling the audio correction options in the software does not help .	audio correction options	neutral
Disabling the audio correction options in the software does not help .	software	neutral
It has some over heating issues when the side vents are not at the edge of a table and occasionally shuts off due to heat build up when using graphically intensive programs .	side vents	neutral
It has some over heating issues when the side vents are not at the edge of a table and occasionally shuts off due to heat build up when using graphically intensive programs .	graphically	neutral
It has some over heating issues when the side vents are not at the edge of a table and occasionally shuts off due to heat build up when using graphically intensive programs .	programs	neutral
Highly recommended for any techie that finds him / herself working on everyones crashed computers or hard drives .	hard drives	neutral
Other people have complained about the touchpad and recommend adding a mouse .	touchpad	neutral
Other people have complained about the touchpad and recommend adding a mouse .	mouse	neutral
Rain cover is nice touch .	Rain cover	neutral
Highly recommended as the price point is n't too bad either .	price point	neutral
3MP webcam ( according to Amazon specs , but it may in fact be 1 .	3MP webcam	neutral
Stumbled on this replacement faceplate - cheaper than the whole drive ...	drive	neutral
so have n't tried any games	games	neutral
I do n't know how durable it is from falls , but when I accidentally ran it over with myJL421 Badonkadonk Land Cruiser / Tank , I only scratched the back of the screen !	screen	neutral
I do n't care to pay 30 bucks more for Apple retail packaging , I do n't use the packaging to charge my computer .	packaging	neutral
* GPS Mapping - there seems to be a bunch of software for this available .	GPS Mapping	neutral
* GPS Mapping - there seems to be a bunch of software for this available .	software	neutral
is that when I lift the stand up , it angles the laptop down a little too far for my own personal comfort level -	stand	neutral
It comes with the necessary cords and remote control .	cords	neutral
It comes with the necessary cords and remote control .	remote control	neutral
it works great and charges my laptop very fast .	works	neutral
it works great and charges my laptop very fast .	charges	neutral
UTF8&s;=electronics&qid;=1268752588&sr;=8 - 1You're definitely going to need some good editing software if you 're looking to make short films are pro - looking clips .	editing software	neutral
The shoulder straps are n't terribly great , but they 're not bad either .	shoulder straps	neutral
It has sufficient friction to keep the laptop locked .	friction	neutral
If I 'm not careful how I use my mouse and keyboard , my wrists hurt at the end of the day .	mouse	neutral
If I 'm not careful how I use my mouse and keyboard , my wrists hurt at the end of the day .	keyboard	neutral
, 1080p , great connections , great HDTV viewing on HD channels , and DVD , this is an outstanding product .	connections	neutral
Computer kept saying it could not locate a driver on computer and on the internet .	driver	neutral
I bought this adapter because the original adapter that came with my Lenovo 3000 V100 died .	adapter	neutral
I bought this adapter because the original adapter that came with my Lenovo 3000 V100 died .	adapter	neutral
I guess it helps to zip the zippers over to one side .	zippers	neutral
So I did a little surgery , doubled the memoryand swapped to a256 GB SSD , and now I 'm clocked at a 7 . 3 Index rating .	memoryand	neutral
It feel like a very thin layer of memory foam-	memory foam-	neutral
After installation - Clicking the Windows Start - All Programs - GretagMacbeth - Eye One Match 3 launches the key application .	Windows Start - All Programs	neutral
After installation - Clicking the Windows Start - All Programs - GretagMacbeth - Eye One Match 3 launches the key application .	key application	neutral
Works well and maintains charge for a long time though .	Works	neutral
Works well and maintains charge for a long time though .	charge	neutral
It works , it seems sturdy and well built .	built	neutral
And with the dock near notebook functionality , but for internal storage , but with 2 real USB ports , and second full size SD slot expansion is pretty limitless .	dock	neutral
And with the dock near notebook functionality , but for internal storage , but with 2 real USB ports , and second full size SD slot expansion is pretty limitless .	internal storage	neutral
And with the dock near notebook functionality , but for internal storage , but with 2 real USB ports , and second full size SD slot expansion is pretty limitless .	USB ports	neutral
And with the dock near notebook functionality , but for internal storage , but with 2 real USB ports , and second full size SD slot expansion is pretty limitless .	SD slot expansion	neutral
It has an antenna , unlike other cheaper models .	antenna	neutral
It does work but based on the distance speed and result may vary .	distance speed	neutral
Using both DVI and HDMI , the image extends beyond the edges of the monitor .	DVI	neutral
Using both DVI and HDMI , the image extends beyond the edges of the monitor .	HDMI	neutral
I can output 1080p to my projector using a micro HDMI to HDMI adapter .	HDMI adapter	neutral
I upgraded it to 8 GB of memory , and I swapped out the 5200 RPM hard drive for a 7200 RPM Seagate Momentus XT 500 GB hybrid drive .	Seagate	neutral
I upgraded it to 8 GB of memory , and I swapped out the 5200 RPM hard drive for a 7200 RPM Seagate Momentus XT 500 GB hybrid drive .	500 GB hybrid drive	neutral
Once you shut the TV off and turned it back on you would have to re - enable Trusurround Sound .	Trusurround Sound	neutral
Amazon prices were the best in the market on the day that I purchased both the drive and the memory .	prices	neutral
Amazon prices were the best in the market on the day that I purchased both the drive and the memory .	drive	neutral
Amazon prices were the best in the market on the day that I purchased both the drive and the memory .	memory	neutral
Some of the tabs that hold the case to the computer have now broken off but the case still works perfectly well .	tabs	neutral
Some of the tabs that hold the case to the computer have now broken off but the case still works perfectly well .	case	neutral
Some of the tabs that hold the case to the computer have now broken off but the case still works perfectly well .	case	neutral
Also , I can fully open the laptop with the case on .	case	neutral
portsHas lights on when the usb is in useA Power buttonNice thick SuperSpeed cordFast	portsHas	neutral
portsHas lights on when the usb is in useA Power buttonNice thick SuperSpeed cordFast	usb	neutral
portsHas lights on when the usb is in useA Power buttonNice thick SuperSpeed cordFast	Power buttonNice	neutral
portsHas lights on when the usb is in useA Power buttonNice thick SuperSpeed cordFast	SuperSpeed cordFast	neutral
The exposed parts at the bottom do tend to get dirtier but nothing a quick wipe wo n't fix .	bottom	neutral
External screen capability - excellent for being able to use this netbook for presentations3 USB ports	External screen capability	neutral
External screen capability - excellent for being able to use this netbook for presentations3 USB ports	USB ports	neutral
The information provided did not list anything about Flextronics ; I guess Dell must not actually manufacture adapters itself ?	Flextronics	neutral
The information provided did not list anything about Flextronics ; I guess Dell must not actually manufacture adapters itself ?	adapters	neutral
Being that the fan gets its power from the laptop , there will be times that one would want to turn it off when using the computer on battery to save the charge .	fan	neutral
Being that the fan gets its power from the laptop , there will be times that one would want to turn it off when using the computer on battery to save the charge .	battery	neutral
Being that the fan gets its power from the laptop , there will be times that one would want to turn it off when using the computer on battery to save the charge .	charge	neutral
2ish screen is much better , the small difference is way more than you think .	2ish screen	neutral
This touch screen works well and I am very pleased with it .	touch screen	neutral
The carry bag is nice too since it will be primarily for travel .	carry bag	neutral
When you connect this device to a Windows PC , you can either use the supplied software or just copy the files from the device , since it will appear as a portable drive in your PC .	software	neutral
That simplifies installing Ubuntu .	Ubuntu	neutral
Beware that this output is only available when NOT charging batteries .	output	neutral
Beware that this output is only available when NOT charging batteries .	batteries	neutral
If you 're in the market for a good power supply ... take a good look at this one ... it 's definitely a quality power supply !	power supply	neutral
If you 're in the market for a good power supply ... take a good look at this one ... it 's definitely a quality power supply !	power supply	neutral
My 1 1/2 old Toshiba laptop finally gave it up after a prolonged series of manufacturing defects and hardware failures .	hardware	neutral
Previously it struggled to cope with running Parallels Desktop and Xcode at the same time -- with 8 gb	Parallels Desktop	neutral
Previously it struggled to cope with running Parallels Desktop and Xcode at the same time -- with 8 gb	Xcode	neutral
Previously it struggled to cope with running Parallels Desktop and Xcode at the same time -- with 8 gb	8 gb	neutral
Really nicely built and the fan is inside an aluminum cover / channel - well	built	neutral
Really nicely built and the fan is inside an aluminum cover / channel - well	fan	neutral
For a hotel room and around home the volume is very loud	volume	neutral
If there is a blaring bug in Mac it is the iSight camera - once i used it in say PhotoBooth , everytime i restart my Mac the camera comes on by itself and showed " busy " .	iSight camera	neutral
If you are like me , and with iTuenes ( for example ) configure your downloads according to your taste ( I generally elect BASS BOOSTER for a richer , deeper sound ) , the SoundLink can deliver the music perfectly ; so much so that you might be fooled into thinking you are listening to an expensive stereo system .	BASS BOOSTER	neutral
If you are like me , and with iTuenes ( for example ) configure your downloads according to your taste ( I generally elect BASS BOOSTER for a richer , deeper sound ) , the SoundLink can deliver the music perfectly ; so much so that you might be fooled into thinking you are listening to an expensive stereo system .	SoundLink	neutral
I think the raised corners is not high enough to let enough air circulate underneath the laptop .	corners	neutral
Palm rests are also great .	Palm rests	neutral
Great padding for Laptop .	padding	neutral
If you have cable , satellite or just some bunny ears this device will let you watch your TV shows from anywhere you have an internet connection .	internet	neutral
I think that part is fine for a 1x1 system , but it could not hold a reliable connection to a D - Link 655 access point / router , configured as an access point only , even with every security feature disabled , N only radio , and in the highest compatibility modes and with the access point literally 10 feet away .	D - Link 655	neutral
I think that part is fine for a 1x1 system , but it could not hold a reliable connection to a D - Link 655 access point / router , configured as an access point only , even with every security feature disabled , N only radio , and in the highest compatibility modes and with the access point literally 10 feet away .	access point	neutral
I think that part is fine for a 1x1 system , but it could not hold a reliable connection to a D - Link 655 access point / router , configured as an access point only , even with every security feature disabled , N only radio , and in the highest compatibility modes and with the access point literally 10 feet away .	security feature	neutral
I think that part is fine for a 1x1 system , but it could not hold a reliable connection to a D - Link 655 access point / router , configured as an access point only , even with every security feature disabled , N only radio , and in the highest compatibility modes and with the access point literally 10 feet away .	access point	neutral
I bought this back pack as a gift and she loved it !	back pack	neutral
After exhaustive troubleshooting , registry editing , and log file parsing	registry editing	neutral
After exhaustive troubleshooting , registry editing , and log file parsing	log file	neutral
I 've been using it for about 3 - 4 months and it still holds a great charge .	charge	neutral
I would recommend unplugging surge proctors that do not have on / off switches because they use electricity even when nothing is plugged in ( when you see that little light , you 'll know it 's on ) .	on /	neutral
It also sits perfectly on top of the keyboard , it hugs each keys perfectly .	keyboard	neutral
It also sits perfectly on top of the keyboard , it hugs each keys perfectly .	keys	neutral
Small size fits easily on a laptop , monitor or shelf .	size	neutral
This is a great product for the money , however I needed to get out my dremel tool to grind around the port for the MagSafe power adapter to get it to fit right .	port	neutral
This is a great product for the money , however I needed to get out my dremel tool to grind around the port for the MagSafe power adapter to get it to fit right .	MagSafe power adapter	neutral
The jack never snugly fits into the power socket in the laptop .	jack	neutral
The jack never snugly fits into the power socket in the laptop .	power socket	neutral
The Intel Baytrail Z3770 is more than powerful enough for my mobile needs .	Intel Baytrail Z3770	neutral
It arrived quickly and was in great shape and also the packaging was great .	packaging	neutral
The Samsang might have a more logical layout but this MSI just need a little get use to and did n't post any problem for me .	layout	neutral
I 've had others that felt more stable and made a better connection , others that have had features like an extra drive bay , those are what keeps this from being 5 star .	features	neutral
I 've had others that felt more stable and made a better connection , others that have had features like an extra drive bay , those are what keeps this from being 5 star .	drive bay	neutral
They also have inferior build quality ( in my opinion ) and no support ( all of the good stuff you have heard about Apple 's phenomenal support is true ) .	build quality	neutral
They also have inferior build quality ( in my opinion ) and no support ( all of the good stuff you have heard about Apple 's phenomenal support is true ) .	support	neutral
They also have inferior build quality ( in my opinion ) and no support ( all of the good stuff you have heard about Apple 's phenomenal support is true ) .	support	neutral
This mini - surge protector with USB charger is a great travel companion .	USB charger	neutral
A great price for 25 feet and the quality did not suffer whatsoever .	price	neutral
A great price for 25 feet and the quality did not suffer whatsoever .	quality	neutral
Upgrading the memory to 4Gb was a minimum requirement , so after some research to determine the correct RAM specs I purchased these soDIMMs .	memory	neutral
Upgrading the memory to 4Gb was a minimum requirement , so after some research to determine the correct RAM specs I purchased these soDIMMs .	RAM specs	neutral
Rather than sit on the phone with Apple operators or run around the country to authorized repair stations , I 've found that it can be preferable to return or exchange .	repair stations	neutral
I purchased the QQ - Tech adapters as replacements after an Alfa adapter I 'd had for less than a year gave up the ghost .	QQ - Tech adapters	neutral
I purchased the QQ - Tech adapters as replacements after an Alfa adapter I 'd had for less than a year gave up the ghost .	Alfa adapter	neutral
The other compartment has a zippered pouch which includes the removable rechargeable battery and pockets to hold an iPhone or iPod as well as a larger pocket for an iPad with a velcro closure with a hole in it to allow hookup for charging in the pocket .	rechargeable battery	neutral
The other compartment has a zippered pouch which includes the removable rechargeable battery and pockets to hold an iPhone or iPod as well as a larger pocket for an iPad with a velcro closure with a hole in it to allow hookup for charging in the pocket .	hookup	neutral
The other compartment has a zippered pouch which includes the removable rechargeable battery and pockets to hold an iPhone or iPod as well as a larger pocket for an iPad with a velcro closure with a hole in it to allow hookup for charging in the pocket .	charging	neutral
I tried the 10 port one - BAD , STAY AWAY FROM - did NOT work AT ALL , not even 1 port .	10 port	neutral
I tried the 10 port one - BAD , STAY AWAY FROM - did NOT work AT ALL , not even 1 port .	port	neutral
Great value with no downsides and the added bonus of a keyboard skin was just icing on the cake .	keyboard skin	neutral
To initialize , you have to go to disk management .	disk management	neutral
It works , it feels well built and the micro usb connector works great on my old Nexus One phone that is very finicky .	built	neutral
It works , it feels well built and the micro usb connector works great on my old Nexus One phone that is very finicky .	micro usb connector	neutral
Wanted to use this in a desk top with Vista in the same room .	Vista	neutral
Easy to install .	install	neutral
Also , as with the thirty dollar Amazon bag , this one lacks a side mesh pocket , meaning there 's no safe way to carry a potentially drippy water bottle with this bag .	mesh pocket	neutral
Just feeling the amount of padding with your fingers confirms this .	padding	neutral
i called belkin tech support and they insisted that it should work fine with 220V.	belkin tech support	neutral
i called belkin tech support and they insisted that it should work fine with 220V.	220V.	neutral
Battery life ?	Battery life	neutral
; hard drive can deliver ; not sure the same could be said if using a good SSD rather than HDD .	hard drive	neutral
; hard drive can deliver ; not sure the same could be said if using a good SSD rather than HDD .	SSD	neutral
; hard drive can deliver ; not sure the same could be said if using a good SSD rather than HDD .	HDD	neutral
The screen sits up well on the stand and stays put !	screen	neutral
The IOUSBFamily is having trouble enumerating a USB device that has been plugged in .	USB device	neutral
Woks great and the price was right .	price	neutral
This item is well designed , only fabricated with poor quality materials .	designed	neutral
This item is well designed , only fabricated with poor quality materials .	materials	neutral
So what is all the fuss about this case being security friendly ?	case	neutral
Anyway , the new piece arrived with the problem fixed , but it was a bit too loose on the MBA , so I went back to the original that I received and shaved off the part that holds the cover onto the vent and voila !	cover	neutral
Anyway , the new piece arrived with the problem fixed , but it was a bit too loose on the MBA , so I went back to the original that I received and shaved off the part that holds the cover onto the vent and voila !	vent	neutral
I did a lot of research and upgraded the memory using Kingston Memory ( 2 GB 800MHZ DDR2 Sodimm - KVR800D2S6/2 G ) .	memory	neutral
I did a lot of research and upgraded the memory using Kingston Memory ( 2 GB 800MHZ DDR2 Sodimm - KVR800D2S6/2 G ) .	Kingston Memory	neutral
I did a lot of research and upgraded the memory using Kingston Memory ( 2 GB 800MHZ DDR2 Sodimm - KVR800D2S6/2 G ) .	DDR2	neutral
Its performance and value are off the charts , and it would be disingenuous to penalize it for the minor " wish list " we could draw up .	performance	neutral
Its performance and value are off the charts , and it would be disingenuous to penalize it for the minor " wish list " we could draw up .	value	neutral
( 3 . 4GHz turbo mode ) .	turbo mode	neutral
Would have been better to have a more useful pocket .	pocket	neutral
It has an amazing feel and look that I have n't been able to find elsewhere .	look	neutral
Sometimes it gets tiring lugging an 3 . 5 mm audio cable around , plus if you happen to misplace the cable , the only option is to buy another one or use the very short 3 - 4inch cable that 's attached to the unit .	cable	neutral
it is always connected to the USB ... now my USB port is on the side of the laptop ...	USB	neutral
it is always connected to the USB ... now my USB port is on the side of the laptop ...	USB port	neutral
After listening to this little Rokono , it was immediately obvious just how flat and empty the Nook 's speaker system is.(One important note : I found that I had to use the most robust EQ available in the Nook	speaker system	neutral
After listening to this little Rokono , it was immediately obvious just how flat and empty the Nook 's speaker system is.(One important note : I found that I had to use the most robust EQ available in the Nook	EQ	neutral
People always ask me why these speakers sound so nice when they come close by my desk .	speakers	neutral
It works great .	works	neutral
The box arrived on time in good shape and weighed twice what i expected .	weighed	neutral
I normally do n't care for angled ports like this because it creates a more visible mass once you plug 4 devices into it	angled ports	neutral
And its too long so there is a gap between my nexus and the plastic part of the cable .	cable	neutral
It worked okay at first , a bit slow transferring .	transferring	neutral
Has a nice blue light on the plug	plug	neutral
Good replacement for the feet I lost .	feet	neutral
After charging it fully , I tried it out and found I could get roughly 4 hours of computing time ( low level gaming w/ onboard graphics + web surfing	computing time	neutral
After charging it fully , I tried it out and found I could get roughly 4 hours of computing time ( low level gaming w/ onboard graphics + web surfing	gaming	neutral
After charging it fully , I tried it out and found I could get roughly 4 hours of computing time ( low level gaming w/ onboard graphics + web surfing	onboard graphics	neutral
After charging it fully , I tried it out and found I could get roughly 4 hours of computing time ( low level gaming w/ onboard graphics + web surfing	web surfing	neutral
I do n't think this sleeve can protect my macbook pro13 ' if it drops ! ! !	sleeve	neutral
I purchased this adapter for a Dell 700 m .	adapter	neutral
This stylish case is visually attractive and very well made ( great stitching job and quality materials ) .	case	neutral
This stylish case is visually attractive and very well made ( great stitching job and quality materials ) .	stitching job	neutral
Hard to imagina a better replacement battery at a lower price .	battery	neutral
Hard to imagina a better replacement battery at a lower price .	price	neutral
So I already had some respect for the brand .	brand	neutral
The shield began to look better and better over two days .	shield	neutral
after 1 week i had enough ... it would be perfect for those who are just getting into PC gaming , then you will have an advantage over those who just use a keyboard ...	gaming	neutral
after 1 week i had enough ... it would be perfect for those who are just getting into PC gaming , then you will have an advantage over those who just use a keyboard ...	keyboard	neutral
I emailed a friend who manages the MSi Tech support department here in	MSi Tech support department	neutral
I 've been carrying this bag every day for nearly a month and no problem with threads or seems coming loose .	threads	neutral
I did not buy MagicFiber because I was unsatisfied with my current microfiber cloths ; I bought them because I wanted an ample supply of cloths .	MagicFiber	neutral
I did not buy MagicFiber because I was unsatisfied with my current microfiber cloths ; I bought them because I wanted an ample supply of cloths .	microfiber cloths	neutral
This nifty feature does have one potential design flaw though , depending on your preferences , and that is with the volume knob .	feature	neutral
This nifty feature does have one potential design flaw though , depending on your preferences , and that is with the volume knob .	design	neutral
This nifty feature does have one potential design flaw though , depending on your preferences , and that is with the volume knob .	volume knob	neutral
IPS screen better color and viewing angle ( probably best screen on this list ) , Same CPU / APU as HP Pavilion TouchSmart 11 listed above	IPS screen	neutral
IPS screen better color and viewing angle ( probably best screen on this list ) , Same CPU / APU as HP Pavilion TouchSmart 11 listed above	color	neutral
IPS screen better color and viewing angle ( probably best screen on this list ) , Same CPU / APU as HP Pavilion TouchSmart 11 listed above	viewing angle	neutral
IPS screen better color and viewing angle ( probably best screen on this list ) , Same CPU / APU as HP Pavilion TouchSmart 11 listed above	screen	neutral
IPS screen better color and viewing angle ( probably best screen on this list ) , Same CPU / APU as HP Pavilion TouchSmart 11 listed above	CPU /	neutral
IPS screen better color and viewing angle ( probably best screen on this list ) , Same CPU / APU as HP Pavilion TouchSmart 11 listed above	APU	neutral
But if it means that I wo n't have to sit at a desk that 's right next to a power outlet all the time for a whole day , I 'll gladly pay the extra money .	power outlet	neutral
It should be easy to fit in an extra cooler at some point .	cooler	neutral
2 GB which is a HUGE real estate gubbled up by some unknown entity even after removed the preinstalled bundled so - called " SanDisk Club Secure Access " which wasted only 49 .	SanDisk Club Secure Access	neutral
LTS).Highly responsive customer support .	customer support	neutral
I believe this is what caused the connector to become dislodged from the circuit board .	connector	neutral
I believe this is what caused the connector to become dislodged from the circuit board .	circuit board	neutral
BUT this WIFISKYCosts less than half the price	WIFISKYCosts	neutral
BUT this WIFISKYCosts less than half the price	price	neutral
easy to install , great protection , IPearl company always throws in a little something extra for purchasing from them .	install	neutral
Bought one with the keyboard dock for my nephew for his birthday .	keyboard dock	neutral
One huge plus ... power demanded by the dockBoss is substantially less than if I have my iPod attached directly ( no device battery to suck up a charge )	power	neutral
One huge plus ... power demanded by the dockBoss is substantially less than if I have my iPod attached directly ( no device battery to suck up a charge )	dockBoss	neutral
One huge plus ... power demanded by the dockBoss is substantially less than if I have my iPod attached directly ( no device battery to suck up a charge )	device battery	neutral
Sound is clear and loud enough .	Sound	neutral
I thought it would be a smaller mouse , but actually I love the full size of it as compared to those small take - along mice .	mouse	neutral
I thought it would be a smaller mouse , but actually I love the full size of it as compared to those small take - along mice .	size	neutral
there is Product Key is embedded in Computer 's Motherboard now that also " Windows is Activated " in it is working its do n't have Lost Windows 8 Product Key now its so better	Product Key	neutral
there is Product Key is embedded in Computer 's Motherboard now that also " Windows is Activated " in it is working its do n't have Lost Windows 8 Product Key now its so better	Motherboard	neutral
there is Product Key is embedded in Computer 's Motherboard now that also " Windows is Activated " in it is working its do n't have Lost Windows 8 Product Key now its so better	Windows	neutral
there is Product Key is embedded in Computer 's Motherboard now that also " Windows is Activated " in it is working its do n't have Lost Windows 8 Product Key now its so better	Windows 8	neutral
I 'm not particularly technically inclined , but installing and replacing RAM is a very easy procedure and PNY is a reliable name when it comes to memory .	RAM	neutral
I 'm not particularly technically inclined , but installing and replacing RAM is a very easy procedure and PNY is a reliable name when it comes to memory .	memory	neutral
so I can imagine blowing out dust bunnies will be easy.- Includes Office Home & Student 2007 ( Word / Excel / PowerPoint / OneNote ) pre - installed WITHOUT a product key .	Office Home & Student 2007	neutral
so I can imagine blowing out dust bunnies will be easy.- Includes Office Home & Student 2007 ( Word / Excel / PowerPoint / OneNote ) pre - installed WITHOUT a product key .	Word	neutral
so I can imagine blowing out dust bunnies will be easy.- Includes Office Home & Student 2007 ( Word / Excel / PowerPoint / OneNote ) pre - installed WITHOUT a product key .	Excel	neutral
so I can imagine blowing out dust bunnies will be easy.- Includes Office Home & Student 2007 ( Word / Excel / PowerPoint / OneNote ) pre - installed WITHOUT a product key .	PowerPoint	neutral
If only word docs would seamlessly integrate with Google docs , the world would be a much more peaceful place but as long as they are at war with each other , we must wait for Google to make something as good and that others can use should you send attachments .	word docs	neutral
If only word docs would seamlessly integrate with Google docs , the world would be a much more peaceful place but as long as they are at war with each other , we must wait for Google to make something as good and that others can use should you send attachments .	Google docs	neutral
NoneMemory : 2 GB DDR2 DRAM 800MHz , ( upgradeable to 4 GB ) Storage : 250 GB 5 , 400RPM Hard DriveCamera : 0 .	DDR2 DRAM	neutral
NoneMemory : 2 GB DDR2 DRAM 800MHz , ( upgradeable to 4 GB ) Storage : 250 GB 5 , 400RPM Hard DriveCamera : 0 .	Storage	neutral
The outer , zippered pockets have places for plenty of stuff , both large and small .	pockets	neutral
( it seems the converter was n't & # 34;HDCP compatible&#34 ; or some nonsense).The cable delivers a clear picture and does just what I needed it to .	converter	neutral
( it seems the converter was n't & # 34;HDCP compatible&#34 ; or some nonsense).The cable delivers a clear picture and does just what I needed it to .	cable	neutral
Fits well , lots of storage options .	storage	neutral
Like six feet of bursting which means I can keep my external drive in a place that looks way cuter than sitting right on top of my desktop .	external drive	neutral
The ground is common between the phones and mic sides , and there is an additional ring causing problems with the headset .	mic sides	neutral
The ground is common between the phones and mic sides , and there is an additional ring causing problems with the headset .	ring	neutral
The ground is common between the phones and mic sides , and there is an additional ring causing problems with the headset .	headset	neutral
Windows automatically found drivers and everything showed installed , but once I plugged in a USB device , nothing was recognized .	Windows	neutral
Windows automatically found drivers and everything showed installed , but once I plugged in a USB device , nothing was recognized .	drivers	neutral
Windows automatically found drivers and everything showed installed , but once I plugged in a USB device , nothing was recognized .	USB device	neutral
This might be a case of memory corruption .	memory corruption	neutral
There are tons of zippered compartments to store all of my pens / pencils , stapler and everything else I need for colleger .	compartments	neutral
What can I say , 6 months later , the original batteries are still working .	batteries	neutral
I order this device , shipping was fairly fast , but the first charger was DOA .	shipping	neutral
I order this device , shipping was fairly fast , but the first charger was DOA .	charger	neutral
High - Gain	High - Gain	neutral
The fact that the face of the plug lights up is also invaluable so you do n't have to guess if you found a live outlet or not .	face of the plug	neutral
When the TV is off , the reflective screen is bad enough , but with the shiny edge it can look really bad .	edge	neutral
The page indicates it works with Macs , it does , but with no driver update the forward and backwards navigator buttons do not function properly .	driver update	neutral
The connectors are solid and the headset is pugged in safely .	connectors	neutral
The connectors are solid and the headset is pugged in safely .	headset	neutral
only has a 100 Mbps ethernet port ; I 'd really expect a gigabit port in 2011 .	gigabit port	neutral
it.- You will probably want to disable the zooming and rotation on the trackpad .	zooming	neutral
it.- You will probably want to disable the zooming and rotation on the trackpad .	trackpad	neutral
While it does NOT look like the one in the photo provided , it is not one of those with the interchangeable pieces designed for multiple brands .	pieces	neutral
The Envy X2 is a nicely designed laptop\tablet with Windows 8 , as opposed to Windows RT .	Windows 8	neutral
The Envy X2 is a nicely designed laptop\tablet with Windows 8 , as opposed to Windows RT .	Windows RT	neutral
A solid keyboard with lots of special - purpose keys along the top.- Good battery life- Rotation to portrait or landscape mode .	keyboard	neutral
A solid keyboard with lots of special - purpose keys along the top.- Good battery life- Rotation to portrait or landscape mode .	keys	neutral
A solid keyboard with lots of special - purpose keys along the top.- Good battery life- Rotation to portrait or landscape mode .	battery life-	neutral
Installation was a snap , it took all of about 2 minutes to install the drivers	drivers	neutral
ofcourse after using it for quite some time , i eventually got used to the size of the keyboard .	size	neutral
ofcourse after using it for quite some time , i eventually got used to the size of the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
There are ten of those bad boys , and that 's just on the outside -- a couple more are hiding on inside pockets .	pockets	neutral
Unfortunately , this one 's just not built for longevity .	longevity	neutral
The price of this set delivered can not be beat .	price	neutral
It takes some time to be fully charged ( battery).- No illuminated keyboard .	battery).-	neutral
It takes some time to be fully charged ( battery).- No illuminated keyboard .	illuminated keyboard	neutral
I do not actually use the video capabilities of this receiver - I use it to drive audio for games only .	video capabilities	neutral
I do not actually use the video capabilities of this receiver - I use it to drive audio for games only .	receiver	neutral
I do not actually use the video capabilities of this receiver - I use it to drive audio for games only .	audio	neutral
I do not actually use the video capabilities of this receiver - I use it to drive audio for games only .	games	neutral
I 've accidently shut off my wireless connection when I just wanted to quickly hit the back key .	wireless connection	neutral
Worst touchpad I have ever used , and	touchpad	neutral
The soundbar does not have enough power but delivers enough power to produce rich vibrant sound through out the room .	soundbar	neutral
The enclosure itself is very low quality .	enclosure	neutral
I have been running 4 hours so far without any wireless drops on the new unit .	wireless	neutral
3 for Debian , especially for the stable version , Squeeze .	Debian	neutral
As the other reviewer said- the plug comes loose at the slightest tug for one thing .	plug	neutral
: Used the desktop - alternate ( e. g. non - graphical ) CD installation CD ) and thenallowed Ubuntu to enable the latest proprietary Ndivia drivers ( 195 .	graphical	neutral
: Used the desktop - alternate ( e. g. non - graphical ) CD installation CD ) and thenallowed Ubuntu to enable the latest proprietary Ndivia drivers ( 195 .	Ubuntu	neutral
: Used the desktop - alternate ( e. g. non - graphical ) CD installation CD ) and thenallowed Ubuntu to enable the latest proprietary Ndivia drivers ( 195 .	proprietary Ndivia drivers	neutral
I tried getting new drivers and my laptop .	drivers	neutral
For example , when editing a text - only document in Word 2007 , with Real Player playing an MP3 audio file , and Windows Explorer launched , the audio chatters or cuts - in - and - out for 10 seconds .	Word 2007	neutral
For example , when editing a text - only document in Word 2007 , with Real Player playing an MP3 audio file , and Windows Explorer launched , the audio chatters or cuts - in - and - out for 10 seconds .	Windows Explorer	neutral
For example , when editing a text - only document in Word 2007 , with Real Player playing an MP3 audio file , and Windows Explorer launched , the audio chatters or cuts - in - and - out for 10 seconds .	audio	neutral
They will gladly replace any defective product for free within the warranty period .	warranty period	neutral
, The ClarityHD 100 fills that niche perfectly .	ClarityHD 100	neutral
A third , smaller ( 8"x6 " ) pocket is on the outside .	pocket	neutral
Installing was easy because there is only 1 screw holding the cover , remove the old module , install the new , put the cover in placeand put the screw back in its place .	cover	neutral
Installing was easy because there is only 1 screw holding the cover , remove the old module , install the new , put the cover in placeand put the screw back in its place .	module	neutral
Installing was easy because there is only 1 screw holding the cover , remove the old module , install the new , put the cover in placeand put the screw back in its place .	cover	neutral
The cords were exactly what I needed after losing mines .	cords	neutral
Really great extension cable ! !	extension cable	neutral
Delivery was ahead of schedule , packaging was excellent , prices were great as usual with Amazon .	Delivery	neutral
Delivery was ahead of schedule , packaging was excellent , prices were great as usual with Amazon .	packaging	neutral
Delivery was ahead of schedule , packaging was excellent , prices were great as usual with Amazon .	prices	neutral
I got this for a Dell C640 with one 1 . 1 USB port .	1 . 1 USB port	neutral
See it for yourself in my vid review in the first appended comment cause I tried stressing it with a super slow card on the SD card port and it still booted in less than a minute .	card	neutral
See it for yourself in my vid review in the first appended comment cause I tried stressing it with a super slow card on the SD card port and it still booted in less than a minute .	SD card port	neutral
I know a Corsair TX 750W from June 2009 that is still going strong on a moderately loaded system .	system	neutral
I have had no internet disconnections since using it .	internet	neutral
The cloth holder for the pen on the side is very handy , and sturdy .	cloth holder for the pen	neutral
The Acer has no problem handling multiple applications	applications	neutral
No power lights , no bootup , nothing .	power lights	neutral
No power lights , no bootup , nothing .	bootup	neutral
Keep several spares or get a cigarette lighter adapter or seperate AC plug - in charger ( the installed battery can be charged only if in the camera , which is a problem if you 're using it at the time).Another minor quirk is that when you download the videos to a computer , it gives them filenames that are useless and too long .	AC plug - in charger	neutral
Keep several spares or get a cigarette lighter adapter or seperate AC plug - in charger ( the installed battery can be charged only if in the camera , which is a problem if you 're using it at the time).Another minor quirk is that when you download the videos to a computer , it gives them filenames that are useless and too long .	battery	neutral
I used the HDMI jack to play games on my TV and it worked well .	HDMI jack	neutral
I used the HDMI jack to play games on my TV and it worked well .	games	neutral
Cords are excellent .	Cords	neutral
Check the Shipping charge before buying .	Shipping charge	neutral
So let 's talk about features .	features	neutral
I get about 2 hours or less on a full charge , with moderately conservative settings on my laptop .	charge	neutral
Highly recommended , especially at the price .	price	neutral
Screen is very vivid and has great colors , along with a max native resolution of 1366x768 .	Screen	neutral
Screen is very vivid and has great colors , along with a max native resolution of 1366x768 .	colors	neutral
If it does n't crash , there is no connectivity .	connectivity	neutral
Got this to replace my OEM battery that failed .	battery	neutral
But as much as I battery lasts 4 - 5 hours , I would like to last a little more , so 4 stars .	battery	neutral
Various pockets are easier to use .	pockets	neutral
Various pockets are easier to use .	use	neutral
This is a great amp for the money .	amp	neutral
The feel does not bode as well as the Macbook or Sony 's touchpad but is sufficient ( I use a mouse	feel	neutral
The feel does not bode as well as the Macbook or Sony 's touchpad but is sufficient ( I use a mouse	touchpad	neutral
The feel does not bode as well as the Macbook or Sony 's touchpad but is sufficient ( I use a mouse	mouse	neutral
The backlighting on this keyboard is so bright at minimum setting , that if you are using it in dark situations where you need it you will be lighting up the room and making the screen experience terrible .	backlighting	neutral
The backlighting on this keyboard is so bright at minimum setting , that if you are using it in dark situations where you need it you will be lighting up the room and making the screen experience terrible .	keyboard	neutral
The backlighting on this keyboard is so bright at minimum setting , that if you are using it in dark situations where you need it you will be lighting up the room and making the screen experience terrible .	screen	neutral
It 's great for pulling in weak WiFi signals .	WiFi signals	neutral
The other complaint is the enclosed screwdriver which is a nice thought but is too small to be of any practical use .	enclosed screwdriver	neutral
The keyboard looks nice enough , and paring it to my device is easy .	keyboard	neutral
iPhone was at 44 % life when I started the charge44 % @ 2:50pm81 % @	charge44	neutral
And obviously when you travel internationally the security screening is much more detailed .	security screening	neutral
After reading reviews , I chose this light and it 's just the right amount of light to illuminate my laptop keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Also , consider the fact that I have an HP Envy 15 with i7 , 8 GB RAM , ATI 5830 , and a hard drive running at 7 , 200 RPMs .	8 GB RAM	neutral
Also , consider the fact that I have an HP Envy 15 with i7 , 8 GB RAM , ATI 5830 , and a hard drive running at 7 , 200 RPMs .	hard drive	neutral
Although it has two speeds I 've found that the low setting is sufficient .	speeds	neutral
It shuts down the touchpad when you press any letter key .	touchpad	neutral
Very well made and designed .	designed	neutral
That said , if I take the time to carefully select which lenses to bring along ( I usually do anyways ) , I usually can make this pack work for me quite well about 75 % of the time .	lenses	neutral
The only issues I have are:-The screen is HIGH GLOSS , just like every other laptop made today , I spent weeks looking for a matte screen , and the only people making them are Samsung .	screen	neutral
There are a multitude of viewing positions with the case ; I even double it over itself to use the iPad without the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Me : Thank you , I 'm aware of requirements , I was surprised by delivery in February ,	delivery	neutral
Pros : cool lightsadjustable fan position and speedcord collectorvery very strong build and feels strong .	lightsadjustable	neutral
Pros : cool lightsadjustable fan position and speedcord collectorvery very strong build and feels strong .	fan position	neutral
Pros : cool lightsadjustable fan position and speedcord collectorvery very strong build and feels strong .	speedcord collectorvery	neutral
Pros : cool lightsadjustable fan position and speedcord collectorvery very strong build and feels strong .	build	neutral
If you like a keyboard that looks and feels like a laptop keyboard and one that is wireless , this is the keyboard for you !	keyboard	neutral
If you like a keyboard that looks and feels like a laptop keyboard and one that is wireless , this is the keyboard for you !	keyboard	neutral
If you like a keyboard that looks and feels like a laptop keyboard and one that is wireless , this is the keyboard for you !	keyboard	neutral
Plus an assortment of nibs is stored in the pen stand if needed or wanting a different feel .	pen stand	neutral
This backpack is great in that it is lightweight and is well built .	built	neutral
In the center of the stand is the emblem .	stand	neutral
The handle frequently is reluctant to reach its full length with a somewhat irratic telescoping system , but always gets there with a few repeated efforts .	handle	neutral
It 's less than HALF the weight and does n't PRESS on your head like the G35 .	weight	neutral
Well , you got this for the battery longevity , I 'm pretty sure with the new more powerful graphic chip , all day computing might get cut down to 3/4 or half day computing .	battery longevity	neutral
Well , you got this for the battery longevity , I 'm pretty sure with the new more powerful graphic chip , all day computing might get cut down to 3/4 or half day computing .	graphic chip	neutral
Very satisfied on delivery and quality of product .	delivery	neutral
Easy to use and does its job .	use	neutral
Also some people wonder if they can deal with life sans CD - ROM .	life sans CD - ROM	neutral
: I use the 2 . 0 port for a blue tooth adapter for a mouse because I do n't care for track pads , they 're not as accurate or quick as a mouse .	2 . 0 port	neutral
: I use the 2 . 0 port for a blue tooth adapter for a mouse because I do n't care for track pads , they 're not as accurate or quick as a mouse .	blue tooth adapter	neutral
: I use the 2 . 0 port for a blue tooth adapter for a mouse because I do n't care for track pads , they 're not as accurate or quick as a mouse .	mouse	neutral
: I use the 2 . 0 port for a blue tooth adapter for a mouse because I do n't care for track pads , they 're not as accurate or quick as a mouse .	track pads	neutral
This enclosure is designed to directly attach the hard drive to the enclosure provided the screw holes directly line up with the holes in the hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
This enclosure is designed to directly attach the hard drive to the enclosure provided the screw holes directly line up with the holes in the hard drive .	screw holes	neutral
This enclosure is designed to directly attach the hard drive to the enclosure provided the screw holes directly line up with the holes in the hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
And the trackpad is the only trackpad that actually works great other than the Macbook Pro .	trackpad	neutral
And the trackpad is the only trackpad that actually works great other than the Macbook Pro .	trackpad	neutral
That should be listed clearly in the description or technical information .	technical	neutral
Normally buy the Microsoft brand wireless mouse but thought we would try this one .	wireless mouse	neutral
It has a full keyboard , with a 10-key pad on the right .	keyboard	neutral
It has a full keyboard , with a 10-key pad on the right .	10-key pad	neutral
The 16 gb model is the best value for your dollar on the market today .	16 gb	neutral
I thought my InCase bag was on the smallish side but the pockets on this bag are far from generous and poorly designed .	pockets	neutral
Very well designed , lots of storage space .	designed	neutral
Very well designed , lots of storage space .	storage space	neutral
This battery does not very last	battery	neutral
It will fit just fine even with a Smart Cover and Shell , although I usually just toss it into the notebook sleeve in my pack outside of the sleeve case .	Smart Cover	neutral
It will fit just fine even with a Smart Cover and Shell , although I usually just toss it into the notebook sleeve in my pack outside of the sleeve case .	Shell	neutral
It will fit just fine even with a Smart Cover and Shell , although I usually just toss it into the notebook sleeve in my pack outside of the sleeve case .	sleeve case	neutral
Easy setup .	setup	neutral
The manual focus is touchy but works .	manual focus	neutral
Got a new iMac27inch , did the smart thing and did n't order additional ram .	ram	neutral
It actually seems a bit faster than the DSL hardwired connection I was using .	DSL hardwired connection	neutral
I originally thought the pad would only work for a little while , but even when the computer is doing high processor usage for 4 - 6 hours , the fan does not run !	pad	neutral
I originally thought the pad would only work for a little while , but even when the computer is doing high processor usage for 4 - 6 hours , the fan does not run !	processor usage	neutral
I originally thought the pad would only work for a little while , but even when the computer is doing high processor usage for 4 - 6 hours , the fan does not run !	fan	neutral
Happy without this rubber protection .	rubber protection	neutral
I 'm using it in it 's HDMI-&#62;DVI direction and not the other way around .	HDMI-&#62;DVI	neutral
] MS Office[Excellent ] TurboTax , Quickbooks[Excellent ] Education Free Courses ( from basic algebra at Udacity to Advanced MIT 's Open	MS Office[Excellent	neutral
] MS Office[Excellent ] TurboTax , Quickbooks[Excellent ] Education Free Courses ( from basic algebra at Udacity to Advanced MIT 's Open	TurboTax	neutral
Additionally , this unit like most USB hubs can support up to 127 devices and its USB 2 . 0 designation ensures high speed data transfers	USB hubs	neutral
Additionally , this unit like most USB hubs can support up to 127 devices and its USB 2 . 0 designation ensures high speed data transfers	USB 2 . 0 designation	neutral
Windows key	Windows key	neutral
Unless you have a Cloud Print compatible printer , you would need to connect your classic printer to cloud print using your PC / laptop ( Google these terms for setup instructions ) .	Cloud Print	neutral
Unless you have a Cloud Print compatible printer , you would need to connect your classic printer to cloud print using your PC / laptop ( Google these terms for setup instructions ) .	cloud print	neutral
and it is a full 3D game called Wizards101 .	game	neutral
Other than this issue I have had no issues with the way it holds charges and recharges .	charges	neutral
Other than this issue I have had no issues with the way it holds charges and recharges .	recharges	neutral
I understand the various factors that reduce battery life , including your usage , screen brightness , etc -- but to have my battery life cut in half is completely ridiculous .	battery life	neutral
I understand the various factors that reduce battery life , including your usage , screen brightness , etc -- but to have my battery life cut in half is completely ridiculous .	screen brightness	neutral
I understand the various factors that reduce battery life , including your usage , screen brightness , etc -- but to have my battery life cut in half is completely ridiculous .	battery life	neutral
Visit Lenovo , Asus , HP , Dell , Toshiba websites and research their latest budget model lines as those models will have the must updates CPUs in them .	CPUs	neutral
I am happy with the price and the purchase .	price	neutral
To alleviate this problem , ensure that either your room is well ventilated , or you also have a fan directly on you and the laptop or the room is air - conditioned .	fan	neutral
I really abhor track pads .	track pads	neutral
A mute button would have been a nice touch .	mute button	neutral
but literally it " boots up " in about 3 seconds ...	boots up	neutral
Battery-------The battery is built in .	Battery-------The	neutral
Battery-------The battery is built in .	battery	neutral
The Crucial memory upgrade , I purchased the Crucial 800mhz module for the 2 gb upgrade .	Crucial memory upgrade	neutral
The Crucial memory upgrade , I purchased the Crucial 800mhz module for the 2 gb upgrade .	Crucial 800mhz module	neutral
The Crucial memory upgrade , I purchased the Crucial 800mhz module for the 2 gb upgrade .	2 gb	neutral
It also did not work with Microsoft 's bluetooth driver on Vista x64 .	Microsoft	neutral
It also did not work with Microsoft 's bluetooth driver on Vista x64 .	bluetooth driver	neutral
It also did not work with Microsoft 's bluetooth driver on Vista x64 .	Vista x64	neutral
But it charged nonetheless .	charged	neutral
Even the power button stopped working .	power button	neutral
The stereo is a great touch , specially if one plays a game with stereo effects .	stereo	neutral
Gypsy Design Skin Decal Sticker for Acer	Design Skin	neutral
i can watch movies and game almost 4hr without pluging to socket .	game	neutral
It is bright and has dense pixels .	pixels	neutral
Astonishing simple to get rolling and connected to Windows Media Center .	Windows Media Center	neutral
It works perfectly right out of the box .	works	neutral
I can have my laptop anywhere and have this drive as an extension anywhere anytime , even 30 , 000 feet in the air .	drive	neutral
No matter what I did the audio was hard to hear unless you cranked the volume , and even then there was still a lot of static .	audio	neutral
No matter what I did the audio was hard to hear unless you cranked the volume , and even then there was still a lot of static .	volume	neutral
I call them and when I do not get a tech support from India who assures me that nothing is really wrong , I get someone who tells me it is a software problem and that it must have corrupted drivers .	tech support	neutral
I call them and when I do not get a tech support from India who assures me that nothing is really wrong , I get someone who tells me it is a software problem and that it must have corrupted drivers .	software	neutral
I call them and when I do not get a tech support from India who assures me that nothing is really wrong , I get someone who tells me it is a software problem and that it must have corrupted drivers .	drivers	neutral
I hope these will be of better quality and stand the test of time .	quality	neutral
If this thing did n't burn my eyes , I could see how it 'd be a wonderful case : perfect fit , great stitching , thin , tough material .	case	neutral
If this thing did n't burn my eyes , I could see how it 'd be a wonderful case : perfect fit , great stitching , thin , tough material .	stitching	neutral
If this thing did n't burn my eyes , I could see how it 'd be a wonderful case : perfect fit , great stitching , thin , tough material .	material	neutral
I bought this item and first thing I notice is how long the usb cable is .	usb cable	neutral
I was inspired to buy this keyboard when I discovered that it is identical to one I purchased for a friend and liked too much to pass up : Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard for iPad / iPhone 4 . 0	keyboard	neutral
I was inspired to buy this keyboard when I discovered that it is identical to one I purchased for a friend and liked too much to pass up : Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard for iPad / iPhone 4 . 0	Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard for	neutral
but for the price its a decent value .	price	neutral
I listened to a wide variety of music , including high resolution ( 24/96 ) and test tracks , including those provided directly by NuForce .	NuForce	neutral
I have the console positioned far away from the stereo and this works great .	console	neutral
It has great range and was very simple to pair with my Vizio Bluetooth headphones ! ..	range	neutral
Mounted easily and quickly and accepted my 58 mm filters with no problem .	58	neutral
The nice pros are a much longer all in one cord and no separate volume switch .	cord	neutral
The nice pros are a much longer all in one cord and no separate volume switch .	volume switch	neutral
What really sets these speakers apart is the wireless connectivity .	speakers	neutral
What really sets these speakers apart is the wireless connectivity .	wireless connectivity	neutral
The keyboard is super expansive , the screen is unbelievable ( more on that later ) and you can still stay mobile with this thing if you really need to .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is super expansive , the screen is unbelievable ( more on that later ) and you can still stay mobile with this thing if you really need to .	screen	neutral
However after using it for ~6 hours I believe it 's safe to say that the machine I received is defective or has some serious software issues .	software	neutral
In fact , I compared all of my H264 videos with all of my WebM videos and the WebM videos played back flawlessly on both the Chromebook and Windows 7 PC , but the H264 videos had very minor playback issues like ever - slight shading or discoloration and syncing of audio or an occasional stutter .	playback	neutral
The Most Amazing Notebook i ever Seenwith nividia Optimus and sandy bridge	nividia Optimus	neutral
The Most Amazing Notebook i ever Seenwith nividia Optimus and sandy bridge	sandy bridge	neutral
I was getting speeds of 120MBps .	speeds	neutral
However , in the middle of all this , I also lost my battery .	battery	neutral
This netbook comes with " MS Office Starter " which includes basic versions of Word and Excel ; these are not trial versions , but permanent programs that include a space for advertising ( some Windows product ) in the program window .	MS Office Starter	neutral
This netbook comes with " MS Office Starter " which includes basic versions of Word and Excel ; these are not trial versions , but permanent programs that include a space for advertising ( some Windows product ) in the program window .	Word	neutral
This netbook comes with " MS Office Starter " which includes basic versions of Word and Excel ; these are not trial versions , but permanent programs that include a space for advertising ( some Windows product ) in the program window .	programs	neutral
This netbook comes with " MS Office Starter " which includes basic versions of Word and Excel ; these are not trial versions , but permanent programs that include a space for advertising ( some Windows product ) in the program window .	program window	neutral
Ca n't say much , I bought this as an error , never received the computer , my order was refunded , so look at another review , I will say though , for this year , the specs look good enough to justify buying this computer .	specs	neutral
After testing I found the temperature display is just as inaccurate as the one I returned .	temperature display	neutral
Did contact customer service as one of the drawing options in a draw program did n't seem to be working ..	customer service	neutral
This solid black case gives out no such signals , which I appreciate .	case	neutral
Having installed the Seagate Solid State Hybrid Drive and giving it the opportunity to " learn " what is on my system through repeated boot - ups , my boot - up time is now just over three ( 3 ) minutes .	Seagate Solid State Hybrid Drive	neutral
Having installed the Seagate Solid State Hybrid Drive and giving it the opportunity to " learn " what is on my system through repeated boot - ups , my boot - up time is now just over three ( 3 ) minutes .	boot - ups	neutral
Having installed the Seagate Solid State Hybrid Drive and giving it the opportunity to " learn " what is on my system through repeated boot - ups , my boot - up time is now just over three ( 3 ) minutes .	boot - up time	neutral
Skin is light and adds 0 bulk in my eyes .	Skin	neutral
But I do n't want to give my money to any company that uses BIOS locking and whitelists .	BIOS locking	neutral
Awesome product and very good value for the price .	price	neutral
I have a large - screen Dell with the Logitech Z5500 to watch movies / TV , but when I just want sound and want to conserve energy	sound	neutral
If you travel internationally , this is not your solution ( unless you fancy plugging it into a power converter , which somewhat defeats the point of compactness).Cheers-- perry	power converter	neutral
battery the more heat it will generate and the shorter its lifespaw will be .	battery	neutral
battery the more heat it will generate and the shorter its lifespaw will be .	lifespaw	neutral
A tripod goes on the side .	tripod	neutral
I bought this for my mom who needed a charger for her mini Acer laptop .	charger	neutral
my lenova t60 's fan quit recently .	fan	neutral
; ) Speed in booting is very good .	Speed	neutral
; ) Speed in booting is very good .	booting	neutral
I had issue with another model from the Logitech but this webcam is just awesome and it was worth paying a little more to experience the difference !	webcam	neutral
I have this plugged into a USB Hub plugged into my docking station at work .	USB Hub	neutral
I have this plugged into a USB Hub plugged into my docking station at work .	docking station	neutral
But regular laptops are different , and what 's the point of even having a laptop if a user is going to be bogged down having to lug around a bunch of other external peripherals like CD / DVD or Blu - Ray drives ( as well as discs they want to play ) external hard drives & USB " thumb " jump storage drives , along with the requisite power cords / battery chargers ................	external peripherals	neutral
But regular laptops are different , and what 's the point of even having a laptop if a user is going to be bogged down having to lug around a bunch of other external peripherals like CD / DVD or Blu - Ray drives ( as well as discs they want to play ) external hard drives & USB " thumb " jump storage drives , along with the requisite power cords / battery chargers ................	Blu - Ray drives	neutral
But regular laptops are different , and what 's the point of even having a laptop if a user is going to be bogged down having to lug around a bunch of other external peripherals like CD / DVD or Blu - Ray drives ( as well as discs they want to play ) external hard drives & USB " thumb " jump storage drives , along with the requisite power cords / battery chargers ................	external hard drives	neutral
But regular laptops are different , and what 's the point of even having a laptop if a user is going to be bogged down having to lug around a bunch of other external peripherals like CD / DVD or Blu - Ray drives ( as well as discs they want to play ) external hard drives & USB " thumb " jump storage drives , along with the requisite power cords / battery chargers ................	USB " thumb " jump storage drives	neutral
But regular laptops are different , and what 's the point of even having a laptop if a user is going to be bogged down having to lug around a bunch of other external peripherals like CD / DVD or Blu - Ray drives ( as well as discs they want to play ) external hard drives & USB " thumb " jump storage drives , along with the requisite power cords / battery chargers ................	power cords	neutral
But regular laptops are different , and what 's the point of even having a laptop if a user is going to be bogged down having to lug around a bunch of other external peripherals like CD / DVD or Blu - Ray drives ( as well as discs they want to play ) external hard drives & USB " thumb " jump storage drives , along with the requisite power cords / battery chargers ................	battery chargers	neutral
I can hook up 2nd SSD / HDD easily .	SSD	neutral
I can hook up 2nd SSD / HDD easily .	HDD	neutral
Pick up the caddy for a secondary HD and pickup an SSD addon because , as with most mobile DVD drives , the DVD drive is pretty useless and slow .	caddy	neutral
Pick up the caddy for a secondary HD and pickup an SSD addon because , as with most mobile DVD drives , the DVD drive is pretty useless and slow .	SSD	neutral
Pick up the caddy for a secondary HD and pickup an SSD addon because , as with most mobile DVD drives , the DVD drive is pretty useless and slow .	DVD drives	neutral
Pick up the caddy for a secondary HD and pickup an SSD addon because , as with most mobile DVD drives , the DVD drive is pretty useless and slow .	DVD drive	neutral
I was able to get data off a failing drive and now use it as a back - up drive .	drive	neutral
Also it does not have a cd drive .	cd drive	neutral
Vanguard did not skimp on space .	space	neutral
I wanted the six - cell battery , and it only lasts about 5 to 6 hours , not the advertised 8 , but this is enough for me .	six - cell battery	neutral
but I could n't identify any bluetooth devices .	bluetooth devices	neutral
Because of its dual vents located on the back , you get all plugs on the side , not that it matters	vents	neutral
Because of its dual vents located on the back , you get all plugs on the side , not that it matters	plugs	neutral
I have a SoundDock Portable and was looking forward to the bluetooth function of the SoundLink .	SoundDock	neutral
I have a SoundDock Portable and was looking forward to the bluetooth function of the SoundLink .	bluetooth function	neutral
I have a SoundDock Portable and was looking forward to the bluetooth function of the SoundLink .	SoundLink	neutral
This is of course , while the drive is not running .	drive	neutral
Pros : Cheap price .	price	neutral
( you did order one for back up did n't you?)These are cheap 2 dollar cables and they do the job asked of them for a long time if not constantly yanked in and out .	cables	neutral
Worse , to convert to MP3 , you have to buy their mp3 converter for $ 10 more .	mp3 converter	neutral
The trackpad on here is also of excellent quality .	trackpad	neutral
Its 11 Mbps , just as advertised , but the 4 ports in the router work great when I need to maximize my broadband connectivity .	ports	neutral
Its 11 Mbps , just as advertised , but the 4 ports in the router work great when I need to maximize my broadband connectivity .	broadband connectivity	neutral
" message from Windows .	Windows	neutral
During a typical 8 hour session , the software must be restarted 5 or more times .	software	neutral
Not sure why other customers are having driver issues , but driver issues are common with cheaper products	driver	neutral
Not sure why other customers are having driver issues , but driver issues are common with cheaper products	driver	neutral
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * The clover trail processor on this thing really is more powerful than most people think .	clover trail processor	neutral
It 's also right on top of the Cruzer and since my options for where I plug it into my laptop are limited	Cruzer	neutral
Now I did a lot of homework on this speaker system before I took the plunge and A LOT of people seem to really like this system .	speaker system	neutral
Keep in mind that this unit requires two USB ports , so make sure you have them available , or buy one of the small inexpensive USB hubs which abound on this site :)	USB ports	neutral
Keep in mind that this unit requires two USB ports , so make sure you have them available , or buy one of the small inexpensive USB hubs which abound on this site :)	USB hubs	neutral
Well , if when you fold the cord up you create tension when the permanently affixed cord attaches , it will soon break through to bare wire .	cord	neutral
Well , if when you fold the cord up you create tension when the permanently affixed cord attaches , it will soon break through to bare wire .	cord	neutral
I wanted to be able to use my two big monitors at work .	monitors	neutral
The HP showed no improvement in the signal that it received .	signal	neutral
adapter defintely adds speed to USB 3 devices .	speed	neutral
adapter defintely adds speed to USB 3 devices .	USB 3 devices	neutral
so I bought the official charger , it still takes many hours to finish charging .	charging	neutral
When purchasing this mouse , I had no idea it was so small .	mouse	neutral
The software could use a bit of improvement -- as long as it 's working , it works great , but when something goes wrong , it 's hard to fix .	software	neutral
For the price , it is a quick and easy fix .	price	neutral
I did not see any difference , it actually slowed down than my oem 4 gb .	4 gb	neutral
It not only works perfectly	works	neutral
They 're actually standard size for an ultrabook .	size	neutral
So a comment related to the " Retail kit " vs the OEM version .	Retail kit	neutral
Battery life is good , but quality suffers if listening while charging .	Battery life	neutral
The only negatives about this system is the woefully too short connecting cables for the satellite speakers , that it defaults to Bluetooth when the power is cycled and that most of the controls are on the back of the sub . .	connecting cables	neutral
The only negatives about this system is the woefully too short connecting cables for the satellite speakers , that it defaults to Bluetooth when the power is cycled and that most of the controls are on the back of the sub . .	controls	neutral
I know it 'll continue to work until I 'm ready to retire it altogether when USB 3 . 0 becomes common place .	USB 3 . 0	neutral
the keyboard is nice but ca nt use it cuz the ipad wo nt stay in	keyboard	neutral
8 lens a clip on type and not screw on hood .	hood	neutral
If you want to game or do video processing or lots of image processing , you should spring for a better processor .	game	neutral
If you want to game or do video processing or lots of image processing , you should spring for a better processor .	video processing	neutral
If you want to game or do video processing or lots of image processing , you should spring for a better processor .	image processing	neutral
If you want to game or do video processing or lots of image processing , you should spring for a better processor .	processor	neutral
I got this because the laptop stock boots in about 55 - 70 seconds .	stock	neutral
I got this because the laptop stock boots in about 55 - 70 seconds .	boots	neutral
No biggie as the keyboard works great without this feature .	keyboard	neutral
No biggie as the keyboard works great without this feature .	feature	neutral
Super easy setup , very light , small footprint ( great if you do not have much room on your desk ) and a great price .	setup	neutral
Super easy setup , very light , small footprint ( great if you do not have much room on your desk ) and a great price .	footprint	neutral
Super easy setup , very light , small footprint ( great if you do not have much room on your desk ) and a great price .	price	neutral
It 's compact , easy to install , and provides a fast connection .	install	neutral
It 's compact , easy to install , and provides a fast connection .	connection	neutral
The only caveat is the edge : some edges are a bit sharper than others , so people with delicate hands might complain about the edge of the ' Book in front of the track pad .	edge	neutral
The only caveat is the edge : some edges are a bit sharper than others , so people with delicate hands might complain about the edge of the ' Book in front of the track pad .	edges	neutral
The only caveat is the edge : some edges are a bit sharper than others , so people with delicate hands might complain about the edge of the ' Book in front of the track pad .	track pad	neutral
The speakers on the laptop do get loud without too much distortion , and they work really well while watching TV shows and what not where it 's mainly just people speaking .	speakers	neutral
Ordered 5 this after I order 15 ft cable which failed after the 1st month .	15 ft cable	neutral
For music , I have iTunes on the hard drive and use the Music app when I 'm in Tablet mode .	iTunes	neutral
For music , I have iTunes on the hard drive and use the Music app when I 'm in Tablet mode .	hard drive	neutral
For music , I have iTunes on the hard drive and use the Music app when I 'm in Tablet mode .	Music app	neutral
Whereas I preciously could not even go to the couch , this adapter lets me go all around the apartment .	adapter	neutral
Ca n't unhook the strap to change it into a briefcase - only style bag .	strap	neutral
This battery works as advertised in our 16 in .	battery	neutral
TSA approved really depends on the security personnel if they will have you remove the laptop from the bag or not .	security personnel	neutral
I have a 15 " screen laptop and this product seems to be just the right size .	size	neutral
The screen is bright and visibility is very good .	screen	neutral
The screen is bright and visibility is very good .	visibility	neutral
Is okay , I like the rubberized flap cover , I do not like the hard case cover	rubberized flap cover	neutral
Is okay , I like the rubberized flap cover , I do not like the hard case cover	hard case cover	neutral
The battery in the keyboard stays charged for a long time .	battery	neutral
The battery in the keyboard stays charged for a long time .	keyboard	neutral
This setup give me the best of all possibilities as I am able to access either drive with one housing for a very reasonable price .	setup	neutral
This setup give me the best of all possibilities as I am able to access either drive with one housing for a very reasonable price .	drive	neutral
This setup give me the best of all possibilities as I am able to access either drive with one housing for a very reasonable price .	housing	neutral
This setup give me the best of all possibilities as I am able to access either drive with one housing for a very reasonable price .	price	neutral
The biggest downside is how flimsy the headset is .	headset	neutral
Almost bought a new $ 1000 printer ( business ) until I try spending $ 5 on a better cable .	cable	neutral
but not the filter 's fault	filter	neutral
The kick stand on the battery cover broke off 2 weeks after getting it .	kick stand on the	neutral
The kick stand on the battery cover broke off 2 weeks after getting it .	battery cover	neutral
( maybe I 'm not yet used to it , but it 's not a comfortable touchpad , buttons are also a bit too hard to push)- VGA port ( I personally wo n't use the VGA port when there is an HDMI port , maybe they could use it for a better port)- Webcam ( decent but could be better)- 500 GB hard drive ( it 's great	touchpad	neutral
( maybe I 'm not yet used to it , but it 's not a comfortable touchpad , buttons are also a bit too hard to push)- VGA port ( I personally wo n't use the VGA port when there is an HDMI port , maybe they could use it for a better port)- Webcam ( decent but could be better)- 500 GB hard drive ( it 's great	buttons	neutral
( maybe I 'm not yet used to it , but it 's not a comfortable touchpad , buttons are also a bit too hard to push)- VGA port ( I personally wo n't use the VGA port when there is an HDMI port , maybe they could use it for a better port)- Webcam ( decent but could be better)- 500 GB hard drive ( it 's great	VGA port	neutral
( maybe I 'm not yet used to it , but it 's not a comfortable touchpad , buttons are also a bit too hard to push)- VGA port ( I personally wo n't use the VGA port when there is an HDMI port , maybe they could use it for a better port)- Webcam ( decent but could be better)- 500 GB hard drive ( it 's great	VGA port	neutral
( maybe I 'm not yet used to it , but it 's not a comfortable touchpad , buttons are also a bit too hard to push)- VGA port ( I personally wo n't use the VGA port when there is an HDMI port , maybe they could use it for a better port)- Webcam ( decent but could be better)- 500 GB hard drive ( it 's great	HDMI port	neutral
( maybe I 'm not yet used to it , but it 's not a comfortable touchpad , buttons are also a bit too hard to push)- VGA port ( I personally wo n't use the VGA port when there is an HDMI port , maybe they could use it for a better port)- Webcam ( decent but could be better)- 500 GB hard drive ( it 's great	Webcam	neutral
( maybe I 'm not yet used to it , but it 's not a comfortable touchpad , buttons are also a bit too hard to push)- VGA port ( I personally wo n't use the VGA port when there is an HDMI port , maybe they could use it for a better port)- Webcam ( decent but could be better)- 500 GB hard drive ( it 's great	500 GB hard drive	neutral
The picture quality is about as good as the best VHS camcorder I have used .	picture quality	neutral
You do n't even need drivers .	drivers	neutral
Honestly if your PC ( laptop or desktop ) do nt have a touch screen I think windows 8 is useless .	touch screen	neutral
Honestly if your PC ( laptop or desktop ) do nt have a touch screen I think windows 8 is useless .	windows 8	neutral
The first accessory that I bought when I got my first laptop was a infrared mouse .	infrared mouse	neutral
Very light , only 4lbs . have to be careful as it can slide off a surface , I bought a 1yrAccidental Damage and hardware support warranty from HP , in case of a drop or a spill .	Damage and	neutral
Very light , only 4lbs . have to be careful as it can slide off a surface , I bought a 1yrAccidental Damage and hardware support warranty from HP , in case of a drop or a spill .	hardware support warranty	neutral
You can purchase a Sonos remote or download a free iPod Touch or iPhone / iPad application that allows you to control what music is listened to .	Sonos remote	neutral
I have read other reviews , and some said that the pen nib wore down fairly fast , but I have not had any evidence of this .	pen nib	neutral
Cons : no bluetoothno express card slotno hdmilow volume .	bluetoothno	neutral
Cons : no bluetoothno express card slotno hdmilow volume .	express card slotno	neutral
Cons : no bluetoothno express card slotno hdmilow volume .	hdmilow	neutral
Cons : no bluetoothno express card slotno hdmilow volume .	volume	neutral
For reference I had WiFi on , Bluetooth off , screen brightness was at 8 bars ( 50 % ) , keyboard backlight brightness was at 4 bars ( 25 % ) , and volume was at 12 bars ( 75 % ) .	WiFi	neutral
For reference I had WiFi on , Bluetooth off , screen brightness was at 8 bars ( 50 % ) , keyboard backlight brightness was at 4 bars ( 25 % ) , and volume was at 12 bars ( 75 % ) .	Bluetooth	neutral
For reference I had WiFi on , Bluetooth off , screen brightness was at 8 bars ( 50 % ) , keyboard backlight brightness was at 4 bars ( 25 % ) , and volume was at 12 bars ( 75 % ) .	screen brightness	neutral
For reference I had WiFi on , Bluetooth off , screen brightness was at 8 bars ( 50 % ) , keyboard backlight brightness was at 4 bars ( 25 % ) , and volume was at 12 bars ( 75 % ) .	keyboard backlight brightness	neutral
For reference I had WiFi on , Bluetooth off , screen brightness was at 8 bars ( 50 % ) , keyboard backlight brightness was at 4 bars ( 25 % ) , and volume was at 12 bars ( 75 % ) .	volume	neutral
Finally , I shut it down and went into troubleshooting mode .	troubleshooting	neutral
These perform without heat problems , and used under both Windows and Mac OS .	Windows	neutral
A bonus is its water resistance ; found out by accident when I accidentally spilled part of my drink on an iPad wrapped in the 16 " version .	water resistance	neutral
A bonus is its water resistance ; found out by accident when I accidentally spilled part of my drink on an iPad wrapped in the 16 " version .	16 "	neutral
Nevertheless , it is good to have extra battery .	battery	neutral
If your jogging with your iPod , you are expecting too much for concert hall sound quality .	sound quality	neutral
It should be understood that this is NOT a Bluetooth device .	Bluetooth device	neutral
Windows 8 works smoothly and with zero slowdown on this computer , and more than that you ca nt ask for .	Windows 8	neutral
More recent 64-bit dual - core 2008 models can run Lion ( and if you can figure out how to get it installed if the guides for doing so are true , Mountain Lion ) which makes these earn their spot in history and makes them afforably runnable at only 30 % or 40 % of the price of the brand - new Macs that are coming out now .	dual - core	neutral
More recent 64-bit dual - core 2008 models can run Lion ( and if you can figure out how to get it installed if the guides for doing so are true , Mountain Lion ) which makes these earn their spot in history and makes them afforably runnable at only 30 % or 40 % of the price of the brand - new Macs that are coming out now .	price	neutral
As I 'm using the touch pad the flippin ' popups keep intruding on what I 'm doing .	touch pad	neutral
The price is right as well .	price	neutral
Thus , the keyboard dock made more sense to me .	keyboard dock	neutral
This is good because it keeps Windows segregated from messing with your Mac and you can play your favorite game ( mine is SolSuite ) or application from your PC that you just ca n't give up .	Windows	neutral
This is good because it keeps Windows segregated from messing with your Mac and you can play your favorite game ( mine is SolSuite ) or application from your PC that you just ca n't give up .	game	neutral
Speed and performance for reasonable operations : 5/5Very nice screen , though nicer ones are out thereDisplay :	Speed	neutral
Speed and performance for reasonable operations : 5/5Very nice screen , though nicer ones are out thereDisplay :	performance	neutral
Speed and performance for reasonable operations : 5/5Very nice screen , though nicer ones are out thereDisplay :	operations	neutral
Speed and performance for reasonable operations : 5/5Very nice screen , though nicer ones are out thereDisplay :	screen	neutral
The screens on the other models I was looking at looked good , but the screen on the Toshiba had considerably better colors .	screens	neutral
The screens on the other models I was looking at looked good , but the screen on the Toshiba had considerably better colors .	screen	neutral
The screens on the other models I was looking at looked good , but the screen on the Toshiba had considerably better colors .	colors	neutral
I purchase this when it can be found under $ 20 and it is a great investment for that price with a good sound	price	neutral
I purchase this when it can be found under $ 20 and it is a great investment for that price with a good sound	sound	neutral
For setup , the Lan / Setup port is used for connection to the computer .	setup	neutral
For setup , the Lan / Setup port is used for connection to the computer .	Lan / Setup port	neutral
This is an excellent laptop at an incredible price .	price	neutral
Apparently , X - Rite decided a generic installation guide with pictures and multi - platform installation steps would suffice .	installation guide	neutral
Apparently , X - Rite decided a generic installation guide with pictures and multi - platform installation steps would suffice .	multi	neutral
It cleaned my monitor screen just fine without any streaks or residue .	monitor screen	neutral
I tested all my usb drivers on the Card and all of them works very well and very fast .	usb drivers	neutral
I tested all my usb drivers on the Card and all of them works very well and very fast .	Card	neutral
All the major buttons are not covered and can be accessed using the case .	buttons	neutral
All the major buttons are not covered and can be accessed using the case .	case	neutral
The wireless capability is very nice and I have not had any issues with stuttering , delays or repeating characters .	wireless capability	neutral
Aside from that , wait time is fast enough for me .	wait time	neutral
Save the money and buy a quality aftermarket product like this with new cells .	aftermarket	neutral
Save the money and buy a quality aftermarket product like this with new cells .	cells	neutral
With heavy use , the fan wo n't come on full speed until about 20 minutes into using it .	fan	neutral
The notebook compartiment should not contain any accessory pockets to avoid risk of scratching the computer .	accessory pockets	neutral
Other than that , most of my software is on CD / DVD .	software	neutral
We did buy a Square Trade 3 year Accidental Damage Warranty for $ 129 and I am glad I did because this ultrabook is so thin and light .	Square Trade	neutral
We did buy a Square Trade 3 year Accidental Damage Warranty for $ 129 and I am glad I did because this ultrabook is so thin and light .	3 year	neutral
We did buy a Square Trade 3 year Accidental Damage Warranty for $ 129 and I am glad I did because this ultrabook is so thin and light .	Accidental Damage Warranty	neutral
FlashTripodFlash Light BenderApple 13inch Macbook ProFilters , Batteries , Device Manuals , and much moreI still have room for more	FlashTripodFlash Light	neutral
FlashTripodFlash Light BenderApple 13inch Macbook ProFilters , Batteries , Device Manuals , and much moreI still have room for more	Batteries	neutral
Poor design choice .	design	neutral
My main issue with this case , though , is its fit .	fit	neutral
There is one large outer pocket that is open on top , tied down with straps , that is useful if you want to place something within easy access .	outer	neutral
There is one large outer pocket that is open on top , tied down with straps , that is useful if you want to place something within easy access .	pocket	neutral
There is one large outer pocket that is open on top , tied down with straps , that is useful if you want to place something within easy access .	straps	neutral
The very cool color .	color	neutral
So for all that , and taking the slowww speed into account , there are many file types you can not access at all ( the folders they are in do not display them).The last straw for me , before returning the unit , was trying to login to Mionet to establish the network connection , and finding myself unable to do so , with an error message stating that there was " something " wrong with my network connections .	network connection	neutral
So for all that , and taking the slowww speed into account , there are many file types you can not access at all ( the folders they are in do not display them).The last straw for me , before returning the unit , was trying to login to Mionet to establish the network connection , and finding myself unable to do so , with an error message stating that there was " something " wrong with my network connections .	network connections	neutral
Nice quality .. worked perfectly and great price !	price	neutral
The size is just right .	size	neutral
This new battery has more than tripled that .	battery	neutral
I tried a different charger and it did n't work either	charger	neutral
The design with little pockets lacks the oversight that	design	neutral
The design with little pockets lacks the oversight that	pockets	neutral
so it 's seems to not be not a driver or hardware issue .	driver	neutral
so it 's seems to not be not a driver or hardware issue .	hardware	neutral
the cd drivers worked until 8 .	cd drivers	neutral
It has a high - qual screen resolution , skype is cool on both audio and video , thankfully it does n't crash when there are too many tasks at hand , unlike the Toshi I had .	skype	neutral
It did take me a while to figure out how to turn the speaker on ( did n't bother reading the instructions ) but all you have to do is hold the power button for a couple of seconds and on it goes .	speaker	neutral
It did take me a while to figure out how to turn the speaker on ( did n't bother reading the instructions ) but all you have to do is hold the power button for a couple of seconds and on it goes .	power button	neutral
Of course , all this functionality comes with a price and in this case is comes in the form of weight .	functionality	neutral
Of course , all this functionality comes with a price and in this case is comes in the form of weight .	price	neutral
Of course , all this functionality comes with a price and in this case is comes in the form of weight .	weight	neutral
Please note ( again ) that upgrading both the RAM and the hard drive is exceptionally easy with this laptop since there 's only one screw to the whole door which covers both .	RAM	neutral
Please note ( again ) that upgrading both the RAM and the hard drive is exceptionally easy with this laptop since there 's only one screw to the whole door which covers both .	hard drive	neutral
The ' Accessory Power ' company also bundles the Panda Pal with a ' Solar ReStore ' solar rechargeable battery pack in GOgroove Panda Pal Portable Speaker	Accessory Power ' company	neutral
The ' Accessory Power ' company also bundles the Panda Pal with a ' Solar ReStore ' solar rechargeable battery pack in GOgroove Panda Pal Portable Speaker	Solar ReStore	neutral
The ' Accessory Power ' company also bundles the Panda Pal with a ' Solar ReStore ' solar rechargeable battery pack in GOgroove Panda Pal Portable Speaker	solar rechargeable battery pack	neutral
( After doing research , found out this was a known dud of a laptop with a high incidence of Motherboard failure ) .	Motherboard	neutral
Not very useful , it was too big when plugging a decent headphone port .	headphone port	neutral
It looks cool , runs great , and it will be very simple to maintain and did I mention it saves A LOT of space !	runs	neutral
It looks cool , runs great , and it will be very simple to maintain and did I mention it saves A LOT of space !	space	neutral
The screen is fine , the keyboard is good , and it is built very well .	screen	neutral
The screen is fine , the keyboard is good , and it is built very well .	keyboard	neutral
The screen is fine , the keyboard is good , and it is built very well .	built	neutral
A kind soul just posted a WindowsXP solution as well .	WindowsXP solution	neutral
Larger fan would draw more air and be a lot more quiet .	fan	neutral
This was useful for several reasons because it has a short cord , has a nice solid connection between my devices and finally I like that it has a 90 degree bend for the Micro USB to wrap the cord in a better position .	cord	neutral
This was useful for several reasons because it has a short cord , has a nice solid connection between my devices and finally I like that it has a 90 degree bend for the Micro USB to wrap the cord in a better position .	Micro USB	neutral
This was useful for several reasons because it has a short cord , has a nice solid connection between my devices and finally I like that it has a 90 degree bend for the Micro USB to wrap the cord in a better position .	cord	neutral
I bought this charger for my customer more than one year ago .	charger	neutral
The Logitech , on the other hand , is more expensive , but not that much , has one fan .	fan	neutral
I am using my & # 34;Tab&#34 ; as a Linux ( Kubuntu 14 .	Linux (	neutral
Everytime I am on a road trip and I have to work while my my drives , I need enough battery juice for longer than a 2hr trip , so I was always trying to conserve battery life and ended up with no power for my laptop until I get to a plug .	battery juice	neutral
Everytime I am on a road trip and I have to work while my my drives , I need enough battery juice for longer than a 2hr trip , so I was always trying to conserve battery life and ended up with no power for my laptop until I get to a plug .	battery life	neutral
I bought this from MicrosoftStore .	MicrosoftStore	neutral
Lightboost TN ?	Lightboost TN	neutral
It is a reasonable size for travel ; it is a bit chunky , but it fits right alongside my laptop in my briefcase .	size	neutral
If I purchase a 640 GB HD , that 's what I want !	640 GB HD	neutral
However , the keys do stick and I find that I keep typing the wrong letters , and mind you , I normally type super - fast with little error .	keys	neutral
The pins init are unstable the move around but other	pins	neutral
Its an i3 sandybridge so expect i3 slower speeds .	i3 sandybridge	neutral
Its an i3 sandybridge so expect i3 slower speeds .	i3	neutral
Its an i3 sandybridge so expect i3 slower speeds .	speeds	neutral
The cover folds back easily for one - handed reading .	cover	neutral
did not help a bit.- washed out color : spent hours adjusting the color settings only to waste my time .	color	neutral
did not help a bit.- washed out color : spent hours adjusting the color settings only to waste my time .	color	neutral
The package was in good shape and the item performs as advertised .	performs	neutral
The " Wireless - G WPC54 G " is equipped with two status lights ; one which indicates power is applied , and the other which confirms a link with the WAP .	Wireless - G WPC54 G	neutral
And I have to do this ( remove and reconnect ) almost every time I need the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I only use one and it works fine for my LG BluRay external disk drive - it is very fast !	LG	neutral
I only use one and it works fine for my LG BluRay external disk drive - it is very fast !	BluRay external disk drive	neutral
Comes with a Carabiner and elastic strap inside for your keys .	elastic strap	neutral
Comes with a Carabiner and elastic strap inside for your keys .	keys	neutral
I plugged this into a Windows 8 computer .	Windows 8	neutral
The external side zipper pocket was too small to hold my charger or other accessories --- wasted space .	external side zipper pocket	neutral
The external side zipper pocket was too small to hold my charger or other accessories --- wasted space .	charger	neutral
The iPad , phone and laptop slots have a very soft material inside so as not to scratch the screens .	material	neutral
The iPad , phone and laptop slots have a very soft material inside so as not to scratch the screens .	screens	neutral
While the speakers are good , they are n't quite up to the sound quality of the Harmon Kardon speakers found in the Toshiba Satellite series of laptops ( which are the best I 've ever heard ) .	speakers	neutral
While the speakers are good , they are n't quite up to the sound quality of the Harmon Kardon speakers found in the Toshiba Satellite series of laptops ( which are the best I 've ever heard ) .	sound quality	neutral
While the speakers are good , they are n't quite up to the sound quality of the Harmon Kardon speakers found in the Toshiba Satellite series of laptops ( which are the best I 've ever heard ) .	speakers	neutral
When I initially began my search for a decent webcam for an affordable price , the Kinobo " Origami " was one of the first to come up in searches .	webcam	neutral
When I initially began my search for a decent webcam for an affordable price , the Kinobo " Origami " was one of the first to come up in searches .	price	neutral
Moreover it came with complementary accidental damage warranty , which is great for me	accidental damage warranty	neutral
This is a very nice gaming keyboard .	gaming keyboard	neutral
E - sata connection cloned a 560 GB drive in about 2 hours .	E - sata connection	neutral
E - sata connection cloned a 560 GB drive in about 2 hours .	560 GB drive	neutral
I was able to hook up the hard drive from my pc that died and retrieved all the info .	hard drive	neutral
Good zipper quality .Is not perfect size for my Asus G74sx laptop , one inch is not enough to fix perfectly .	zipper quality	neutral
Good zipper quality .Is not perfect size for my Asus G74sx laptop , one inch is not enough to fix perfectly .	size	neutral
So when I travel , I will probably just carry four six - sided dice in my laptop bag to set the laptop on ( which is surprisingly stable ) rather than this bulky pad , and just save the pad for use at home .	pad	neutral
So when I travel , I will probably just carry four six - sided dice in my laptop bag to set the laptop on ( which is surprisingly stable ) rather than this bulky pad , and just save the pad for use at home .	pad	neutral
An item that does exactly what it says , that 's the RCA 30-pin iPhone / iPod Dock !	RCA 30-pin	neutral
but I honestly did n't expect perfection for the price .	price	neutral
lastly , you click your tv name / brand and boom , your sound comes out of the tv .	sound	neutral
3/5These are not designed to be maximum power PCs , but the chipset included is definitely sufficient for all of my needs .	chipset	neutral
The keys are an appealing " tech " font , and the ability to select your particular backlighting color is superficial , but very appealing to me .	keys	neutral
The keys are an appealing " tech " font , and the ability to select your particular backlighting color is superficial , but very appealing to me .	color	neutral
I love the design on my case .	design	neutral
The battery charges fast and lasts way longer than the original from Gateway .	battery	neutral
The battery charges fast and lasts way longer than the original from Gateway .	charges	neutral
My & # 34;octopus&#34 ; style USB hub would n't allow anything to actually charge , so it was almost useless .	USB hub	neutral
My & # 34;octopus&#34 ; style USB hub would n't allow anything to actually charge , so it was almost useless .	charge	neutral
That 's good from both a style perspective	style	neutral
i just got the product and it fits perfectly on my 14inch keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
No problem with the size .	size	neutral
They include " Waiting for a Bluetooth connection " , and " Bluetooth successfully connected " .	Bluetooth connection	neutral
First of all , you do not need to even turn on the camera to install this .	camera	neutral
It 's more of a hassle to type and use it than it would be to just use the touch screen itself .	touch screen	neutral
I 'm trying the one at this link : NEW AC Adapter Power Supply Charger+Cord for HP / Compaq 8530w	AC Adapter Power Supply Charger+Cord	neutral
One is an illuminated blue led USB port ... which is pretty awesome because you can see where the usb port is in the dark .	blue led USB port	neutral
One is an illuminated blue led USB port ... which is pretty awesome because you can see where the usb port is in the dark .	usb port	neutral
The sensitivity is n't as strong as I would have liked , but I do n't mind clicking away .	sensitivity	neutral
I think it 's worth the extra money to get a good one ( like the Cooler Master Notepal U2 ) rather than spend the same price replacing 2 - 3 low quality plastic ones .	price	neutral
The sound volume , in most cases , is adequate to fill a small room .	sound volume	neutral
Ridiculously - cheaper than other name - brand replacement ones which were around $ 25 + shipping , even on discount sites !	shipping	neutral
You 've got your outer pouch .	pouch	neutral
" [ I have no idea why they call it a " shoe " and not a port or a plug ] which you can access by gently prying loose a cover which snaps into place over it .	port	neutral
but .. somehow I 've been playing with the touch and it does not looks like painted with grease crayons ...	touch	neutral
as i bought it back , i still can not use up its battery , so i can not review this .	battery	neutral
The picture quality is great	picture quality	neutral
U MAD BRO?- Bloatware , bloatware everywhere .	Bloatware	neutral
U MAD BRO?- Bloatware , bloatware everywhere .	bloatware	neutral
The only drawback it the proprietary USB cable , should have been the standard micro - usb connection .	proprietary USB cable	neutral
The only drawback it the proprietary USB cable , should have been the standard micro - usb connection .	micro - usb connection	neutral
Also , I 'm happy to say it has an sd slot .	sd slot	neutral
but i still hate putting my AC adapter in there as it makes the bag bulky and not able to fit nicely in my backpack .	AC adapter	neutral
Love firefighterphotojunky	firefighterphotojunky	neutral
So I found this neat program called&#34;EaseUsPartiton and what this neat program does , it well safely convert any Dynamic harddrive to basic .	program	neutral
So I found this neat program called&#34;EaseUsPartiton and what this neat program does , it well safely convert any Dynamic harddrive to basic .	program	neutral
For 99 % of devices out there , including cellphones and mp3 players , this adapter works just fine .	adapter	neutral
This is a great cheap mouse !	mouse	neutral
good tracking !	tracking	neutral
Bottom line , I guess I can say that I 've seen a performance increase when loading Photoshop or Lightroom , but I could also just be allowing myself to think that to justify spending $ 50 on memory .	performance	neutral
Bottom line , I guess I can say that I 've seen a performance increase when loading Photoshop or Lightroom , but I could also just be allowing myself to think that to justify spending $ 50 on memory .	Photoshop	neutral
Bottom line , I guess I can say that I 've seen a performance increase when loading Photoshop or Lightroom , but I could also just be allowing myself to think that to justify spending $ 50 on memory .	Lightroom	neutral
Bottom line , I guess I can say that I 've seen a performance increase when loading Photoshop or Lightroom , but I could also just be allowing myself to think that to justify spending $ 50 on memory .	memory	neutral
I also ca n't replace my electronics in some places that I visit , and these tend to be places where proper regulation of power is most in question .	power	neutral
Also , the cord wrap is a nice little bonus that I actually had a use for .	cord wrap	neutral
It 's a great size and it 's durable	size	neutral
However , since I do a lot of word processing , the keyboard and the touchpad buttons were a real concern .	word processing	neutral
However , since I do a lot of word processing , the keyboard and the touchpad buttons were a real concern .	keyboard	neutral
However , since I do a lot of word processing , the keyboard and the touchpad buttons were a real concern .	touchpad buttons	neutral
While Toshiba denies it , the cooling system just could n't keep up with the heat the processor produced .	cooling system	neutral
While Toshiba denies it , the cooling system just could n't keep up with the heat the processor produced .	processor	neutral
3 " ultra portable , and really liked the memory foam - like material , so I got	memory foam -	neutral
unless your a wizard at screen protectors i 'd imagine you having as hard of a time getting this on as i did .	screen protectors	neutral
If you only want the pen function for example , you may be better off spending about the same money to get the high performance , higher res professional version of this one Wacom item ( called Intuos line ) .	pen function	neutral
If you only want the pen function for example , you may be better off spending about the same money to get the high performance , higher res professional version of this one Wacom item ( called Intuos line ) .	performance	neutral
If you only want the pen function for example , you may be better off spending about the same money to get the high performance , higher res professional version of this one Wacom item ( called Intuos line ) .	Wacom	neutral
If you only want the pen function for example , you may be better off spending about the same money to get the high performance , higher res professional version of this one Wacom item ( called Intuos line ) .	Intuos	neutral
The capacity of this battery is slightly less than the factory battery .	capacity	neutral
The capacity of this battery is slightly less than the factory battery .	battery	neutral
The capacity of this battery is slightly less than the factory battery .	battery	neutral
The touchscreen does n't work .	touchscreen	neutral
Installation was a breeze as the drive comes formatted and wiped , ready for action .	drive	neutral
I 'm starting the Prime off with 5 stars and deducting or adding back as I go.- 2 Stars - Faulty GPS .	GPS	neutral
This has a perfect picture folks .	picture	neutral
750 GB HDDPROS : SOLD by Amazon .	750 GB HDDPROS	neutral
Please be certain that you can run WiDi on your direct Windows OS , CPU , and NIC before purchasing this product .	WiDi	neutral
Please be certain that you can run WiDi on your direct Windows OS , CPU , and NIC before purchasing this product .	Windows OS	neutral
Please be certain that you can run WiDi on your direct Windows OS , CPU , and NIC before purchasing this product .	CPU	neutral
Please be certain that you can run WiDi on your direct Windows OS , CPU , and NIC before purchasing this product .	NIC	neutral
Windows 8 - well , enough has been said about Windows 8 I guess .	Windows 8	neutral
Windows 8 - well , enough has been said about Windows 8 I guess .	Windows 8	neutral
The small keys have a very distinct " click " to them as you type though it sometimes feels as if I 'm getting two clicks out of a single key , making me think I 've pressed more than one key at a time .	keys	neutral
We 've had a few other connector cables fail on us ( mostly for iPhones ) , usually by fraying where the cable and head come together .	connector cables	neutral
We 've had a few other connector cables fail on us ( mostly for iPhones ) , usually by fraying where the cable and head come together .	cable	neutral
We 've had a few other connector cables fail on us ( mostly for iPhones ) , usually by fraying where the cable and head come together .	head	neutral
Download the Synaptics driver platform for mouse , windows 8	Synaptics driver platform for mouse	neutral
Download the Synaptics driver platform for mouse , windows 8	windows 8	neutral
The low profile makes it great for keeping in my Volvo C30 's center console - nothing can knock it around .	profile	neutral
I do n't know how to find out what brand or what kind of converter works with what TV .	converter	neutral
when my mouse starts to die I can wrap it back around past my keyboard and plug that in .	mouse	neutral
when my mouse starts to die I can wrap it back around past my keyboard and plug that in .	keyboard	neutral
I can highly recommend these cloths !	cloths	neutral
Great look , very light and a goo screen .	look	neutral
Great look , very light and a goo screen .	screen	neutral
Touchpad by Synaptics is seriously defective .	Touchpad	neutral
Touchpad by Synaptics is seriously defective .	Synaptics	neutral
Even though I have n't tested with heavy file transfer or playing network games , it 's more than enough for Internet connection and daily office use on a local area network .	file transfer	neutral
Even though I have n't tested with heavy file transfer or playing network games , it 's more than enough for Internet connection and daily office use on a local area network .	Internet connection	neutral
Light enough to take with me when I travel ; the included velcro strap enables me to store my laptop efficiently enough with the stand when traveling .	velcro strap	neutral
Light enough to take with me when I travel ; the included velcro strap enables me to store my laptop efficiently enough with the stand when traveling .	stand	neutral
I was worried the mixer would n't work with it , but I said screw it and bought it .	mixer	neutral
If you like creating short films or Youtube videos , the speed of creating and uploading films is incredibly fast and easy .	speed	neutral
I did use the CD initially , and it worked .	CD	neutral
The users of Windows ultrabooks , on the other hand , should really appreciate all the additional connectivity that this adapter offers .	connectivity	neutral
I normally carry a 77 mm circular polariser and a neutral density gradient filter in two separate pouches .	circular polariser	neutral
Get one if you need additional USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
Still - fits well and should provide good protection .	protection	neutral
The case is well made and provides good padding for a small laptop .	case	neutral
I needed windows 7 and this met my needs .	windows 7	neutral
It would be an excellent laptop if it had backlit keys and a slot for a secondary battery so you could switch one out while the other was charging .	backlit keys	neutral
It would be an excellent laptop if it had backlit keys and a slot for a secondary battery so you could switch one out while the other was charging .	battery	neutral
When I looked closer , the iM7 's design really began to grow on me .	design	neutral
Although the OS X operating system does not permit Blu - ray disc playback , you can use a Blu - ray drive with MakeMKV to rip the encription off of Blu - ray discs and convert them to MKV format	OS X operating system	neutral
Although the OS X operating system does not permit Blu - ray disc playback , you can use a Blu - ray drive with MakeMKV to rip the encription off of Blu - ray discs and convert them to MKV format	Blu - ray disc playback	neutral
Although the OS X operating system does not permit Blu - ray disc playback , you can use a Blu - ray drive with MakeMKV to rip the encription off of Blu - ray discs and convert them to MKV format	Blu - ray drive	neutral
Although the OS X operating system does not permit Blu - ray disc playback , you can use a Blu - ray drive with MakeMKV to rip the encription off of Blu - ray discs and convert them to MKV format	Blu - ray discs	neutral
I do n't think this device has that capability .	capability	neutral
( Google : GlobalSat Bu-353 Windows 7 ) , where you will come across hundreds of threads about how their drivers are n't compatible with Vista / Windows 7 .	Windows 7	neutral
( Google : GlobalSat Bu-353 Windows 7 ) , where you will come across hundreds of threads about how their drivers are n't compatible with Vista / Windows 7 .	drivers	neutral
( Google : GlobalSat Bu-353 Windows 7 ) , where you will come across hundreds of threads about how their drivers are n't compatible with Vista / Windows 7 .	Vista	neutral
( Google : GlobalSat Bu-353 Windows 7 ) , where you will come across hundreds of threads about how their drivers are n't compatible with Vista / Windows 7 .	Windows 7	neutral
I bought the two pack because lens caps are always wandering away , and I 'm glad I did .	lens caps	neutral
and she knew that I would like the color	color	neutral
The color is good looking too&#65292;love this bag~~~	color	neutral
I was bit skeptic at first of some poor reviews claiming this to have poor sound - they must be SUPER picky or their sound card must be messed up .	sound	neutral
I was bit skeptic at first of some poor reviews claiming this to have poor sound - they must be SUPER picky or their sound card must be messed up .	sound card	neutral
If you are going to try out a WiFi card , this one seems to have good compatibility in a solid memory card .	WiFi card	neutral
If you are going to try out a WiFi card , this one seems to have good compatibility in a solid memory card .	memory card	neutral
If you want good sound though , all you have to do is buy a nice , inexpensive pair of computer speakers such asLogitech S220 2 .	sound	neutral
If you want good sound though , all you have to do is buy a nice , inexpensive pair of computer speakers such asLogitech S220 2 .	speakers	neutral
Do n't think the specs are different but the quality of the image is much better .	specs	neutral
Do n't think the specs are different but the quality of the image is much better .	quality	neutral
Videos on You Tube are a mixed bag that depends on the quality of the original .	quality	neutral
I wish the string of 6 LED lights at the front left had accompanying legible icons on the keyboard surface -	LED lights	neutral
I wish the string of 6 LED lights at the front left had accompanying legible icons on the keyboard surface -	keyboard surface	neutral
This product is well suited for macs I think for two reasons : macs cooling is primarily by conduction to the aluminum casing , with the air fan being for backup cooling .	cooling	neutral
This product is well suited for macs I think for two reasons : macs cooling is primarily by conduction to the aluminum casing , with the air fan being for backup cooling .	aluminum casing	neutral
This product is well suited for macs I think for two reasons : macs cooling is primarily by conduction to the aluminum casing , with the air fan being for backup cooling .	air fan	neutral
This product is well suited for macs I think for two reasons : macs cooling is primarily by conduction to the aluminum casing , with the air fan being for backup cooling .	cooling	neutral
( I 'll spend that on dropping 2 gigs into the RAM ) .	RAM	neutral
When I purchased the charger , everything worked .	charger	neutral
Pen and CD compartment :	Pen and CD compartment	neutral
a battery that will last proportionately in time what you paid for it against how much you would of paid for a real Apple battery .	battery	neutral
a battery that will last proportionately in time what you paid for it against how much you would of paid for a real Apple battery .	battery	neutral
There was no problem with receiving this battery or the packaging or dealing with the seller .	battery	neutral
FWIW , I wound up purchasing the 3 foot 3 .	3 foot 3	neutral
No problems with Lion OS ...	Lion OS	neutral
The display has a very narrow view angle , and the colors appear washed out even after major adjustment .	display	neutral
The display has a very narrow view angle , and the colors appear washed out even after major adjustment .	colors	neutral
So , I had to send it back and get a custom built system instead .	built system	neutral
I like the small usb wireless mouse transmitter a lot	usb wireless mouse transmitter	neutral
I only had to point it to my wireless network and enter the modem password .	modem	neutral
I deliberately let my battery died and plugged it back in and it charges it back up to 100 % .	battery	neutral
And these hotels only provide LAN port connection which does n't work with either kindle or ipad .	LAN port connection	neutral
I have n't had this for long , so I ca n't comment on its longevity , but so far I am impressed .	longevity	neutral
Well my friend has the same computer and her charger just went out ( half a year later )	charger	neutral
Great product easy to use as said in description and perfect was to watch movies on my 23 inch monitor	use	neutral
I think when I finish installing Windows XP SP2	Windows XP SP2	neutral
The cable itself is not flimsy and seems like it will be serviceable for some time to come .	cable	neutral
This device " came to the rescue " with a fast wired connection .	wired connection	neutral
As a bonus , it gives me just the extra length I need to keep the cable wrapped up for easy transport .	length	neutral
As a bonus , it gives me just the extra length I need to keep the cable wrapped up for easy transport .	cable	neutral
Good purchase , especially for the price !	price	neutral
Nice to have HDMI coming out of my laptop .	HDMI	neutral
A great cooler .	cooler	neutral
The laptop is built very well .	built	neutral
I still gave this card a 5-star because the compatibility issues was my mistake .	compatibility	neutral
Make sure you get original bluelounge CableDrops ; the knockoffs use cheap adhesives and do n't stick very well .	bluelounge CableDrops	neutral
So before you buy a new laptop , if its the battery buy another one .	battery	neutral
but until they fix this tablet and come with a better price I think I will pass	price	neutral
The bottom of this bag is made of some kind of hard material ( not so hard , but can take minor punches).The inner compartments are all padded well , but as I have n't taken the bag out for any real outdoor shooting , I can not vouch on how effective the padding are , as some of the lenses are loose in the compartments .	compartments	neutral
The bottom of this bag is made of some kind of hard material ( not so hard , but can take minor punches).The inner compartments are all padded well , but as I have n't taken the bag out for any real outdoor shooting , I can not vouch on how effective the padding are , as some of the lenses are loose in the compartments .	padding	neutral
The bottom of this bag is made of some kind of hard material ( not so hard , but can take minor punches).The inner compartments are all padded well , but as I have n't taken the bag out for any real outdoor shooting , I can not vouch on how effective the padding are , as some of the lenses are loose in the compartments .	lenses	neutral
I use it with windows 8 and it is flawless .	windows 8	neutral
Would not load under Win 7 , would load under Win 8 , but was unstable , unsteady , lots of packet loss , loss of speed was incredible .	Win 7	neutral
Would not load under Win 7 , would load under Win 8 , but was unstable , unsteady , lots of packet loss , loss of speed was incredible .	Win 8	neutral
Would not load under Win 7 , would load under Win 8 , but was unstable , unsteady , lots of packet loss , loss of speed was incredible .	packet	neutral
Would not load under Win 7 , would load under Win 8 , but was unstable , unsteady , lots of packet loss , loss of speed was incredible .	speed	neutral
The buttons on this mouse are well placed and easy to press .	buttons	neutral
The buttons on this mouse are well placed and easy to press .	mouse	neutral
The keyboard felt a little weird when I typed , but I think that I can overcome this feat .	keyboard	neutral
It took a little time to get used to the very flat keys but	keys	neutral
It has it 's own media browser that looks similar to Windows Media Center .	media browser	neutral
It has it 's own media browser that looks similar to Windows Media Center .	Windows Media Center	neutral
I plan to use these to hold mini - batteries for flash transmitters .	mini - batteries	neutral
I plan to use these to hold mini - batteries for flash transmitters .	flash transmitters	neutral
The controls work well with Pandora and Google 's Play Music apps , however , the backlight is quite dim and difficult to see .	controls	neutral
The controls work well with Pandora and Google 's Play Music apps , however , the backlight is quite dim and difficult to see .	Play Music apps	neutral
The controls work well with Pandora and Google 's Play Music apps , however , the backlight is quite dim and difficult to see .	backlight	neutral
only problem is managing the wire	wire	neutral
Nice idea of smaller space / lower cost but still needs some work .	space	neutral
Nice idea of smaller space / lower cost but still needs some work .	cost	neutral
I got it in aqua and the color is exactly as seen on my computer screen .	color	neutral
The battery set arrived as expected .	battery set	neutral
Speaker sound quality is poor9 ) Does n't wake from sleep when you open the lid ( can be either a Win8 bug or hardware issue )	Speaker sound quality	neutral
Speaker sound quality is poor9 ) Does n't wake from sleep when you open the lid ( can be either a Win8 bug or hardware issue )	Win8	neutral
Speaker sound quality is poor9 ) Does n't wake from sleep when you open the lid ( can be either a Win8 bug or hardware issue )	hardware	neutral
I bought a Targus padded iPad case for my iPad that I loved .	Targus padded	neutral
I bought a Targus padded iPad case for my iPad that I loved .	iPad case	neutral
I like the padded , over - ear style ; the headset is pretty comfortable , and I can wear it for quite awhile without any irritation .	headset	neutral
I took it out , even though it is supposed to be for attachments , which is another reason why the outside pocket was even more useless .	outside pocket	neutral
I 'm satisfied with the purchase overall for the price !	price	neutral
It found it , drivers were there and updated , but nothing would make it recognize and connect to the card .	drivers	neutral
It found it , drivers were there and updated , but nothing would make it recognize and connect to the card .	card	neutral
Basically , touch screen presses react as if you had left - click with the mouse and , if you need more precision , you can drag on the screen and it will highlight items .	touch screen presses	neutral
Basically , touch screen presses react as if you had left - click with the mouse and , if you need more precision , you can drag on the screen and it will highlight items .	mouse	neutral
At this price , you simply ca n't go wrong buying the T100 .	price	neutral
I 'm going to keep using it until its wheels fall off .	wheels	neutral
It works for the purpose I was hoping , but this is n't a sound system so do n't expect it to sound like a sound bar for your MP3 or phone .	sound system	neutral
It works for the purpose I was hoping , but this is n't a sound system so do n't expect it to sound like a sound bar for your MP3 or phone .	sound bar	neutral
If the wall charger worked , this would be a 5/5 review , and maybe I just got a defect , who knows .	wall charger	neutral
I love the different ways you can set the camera up to your monitor .	camera	neutral
: Back Side : > miniplug port for audio input	miniplug port for	neutral
: Back Side : > miniplug port for audio input	audio input	neutral
Most of the case is made out of PU leather .	case	neutral
so if you need a cat 5 cable that s cheap buy this .	cat 5 cable	neutral
It was definitely the cord as the phone had no issues with other cords .	cord	neutral
It was definitely the cord as the phone had no issues with other cords .	cords	neutral
Right - click using two fingers has always been a problem , as at the moment you put two fingers , the cursor will move around and select a wrong area .	Right	neutral
Right - click using two fingers has always been a problem , as at the moment you put two fingers , the cursor will move around and select a wrong area .	cursor	neutral
Desktop Memory ( CMZ4GX3M1A1600C9B )	Desktop Memory	neutral
I had a different company 's bluetooth dongle previously , they were very lax about supporting it for Windows 8 .	bluetooth dongle	neutral
I had a different company 's bluetooth dongle previously , they were very lax about supporting it for Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
There are enough compartments for the little things .	compartments	neutral
Having an Acer & Samsung Chromebook I already knew that the Samsung form factor and design was more to my liking .	form factor	neutral
Having an Acer & Samsung Chromebook I already knew that the Samsung form factor and design was more to my liking .	design	neutral
I needed this adapter for my ASUS netbook running the Windows 7 Starter ( 32bit ) operating system .	Windows 7 Starter	neutral
( x ) Replacement Batteries For Canon LP - E8 LPE8	Batteries	neutral
With MacBook Air you have to spend money for an Ethernet Adapter that is only rated for 10/100 Ethernet and uses up one of the two USB2 ports .	Ethernet Adapter	neutral
With MacBook Air you have to spend money for an Ethernet Adapter that is only rated for 10/100 Ethernet and uses up one of the two USB2 ports .	Ethernet	neutral
With MacBook Air you have to spend money for an Ethernet Adapter that is only rated for 10/100 Ethernet and uses up one of the two USB2 ports .	USB2 ports	neutral
It can be an issue with high power draw devices like hard drives that do not have a separate power source .	power draw	neutral
It can be an issue with high power draw devices like hard drives that do not have a separate power source .	hard drives	neutral
It can be an issue with high power draw devices like hard drives that do not have a separate power source .	power source	neutral
I than ran my compare utility and got 221 MB / s .	compare utility	neutral
I would give a five star if more RAM is offered with double the processing speed and the same 8 hour battery life .	RAM	neutral
I would give a five star if more RAM is offered with double the processing speed and the same 8 hour battery life .	processing speed	neutral
I would give a five star if more RAM is offered with double the processing speed and the same 8 hour battery life .	battery life	neutral
so I do not have to rely on batteries , limited time .	batteries	neutral
If you purchase any Apple product , buy the warranty .	warranty	neutral
It 's bigger than it may seem , though since the wall plug swivels , you can orient this thing any way you want to not block other outlets .	wall plug	neutral
This i3 runs very cool and is built into the smallest laptop frame Acer provides , and I even have a little accessory carrying case for it .	i3	neutral
This i3 runs very cool and is built into the smallest laptop frame Acer provides , and I even have a little accessory carrying case for it .	runs	neutral
I was able to install Windows 7 64 OEM and still had 8 GB of free space left .	Windows 7 64 OEM	neutral
It started getting hot , and then it ceased to charge any more ; the LED is out	charge	neutral
It started getting hot , and then it ceased to charge any more ; the LED is out	LED	neutral
All around , this is a good bag if you are looking to carry more than just the netbook and want more protection than the average sleeve .	protection	neutral
Thus , overheating of the internal electronics is a chronic problem .	internal electronics	neutral
I do n't get the weird contour thing either .	contour	neutral
only downside is that it 's an ugly little thing , but given its good strength and range , it should be easy enough to hide behind something more pretty .	strength	neutral
only downside is that it 's an ugly little thing , but given its good strength and range , it should be easy enough to hide behind something more pretty .	range	neutral
Great product , excellent price .	price	neutral
It offends my sensibilities to call that a subwoofer.- No digital or USB connection , if you are in to that sort of thing.-	subwoofer.-	neutral
It offends my sensibilities to call that a subwoofer.- No digital or USB connection , if you are in to that sort of thing.-	digital or	neutral
It offends my sensibilities to call that a subwoofer.- No digital or USB connection , if you are in to that sort of thing.-	USB connection	neutral
Love that I can use this remote instead .	remote	neutral
All of my third party cables have started to go .	cables	neutral
I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking to replace their original keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
The only thing that I wish it had is a back - lit keyboard .	back - lit keyboard	neutral
Sure , there are better laptops out there that will definitely have better screen res , but you will pay for it .	screen res	neutral
I called ASUS tech support ( which is superb !	ASUS tech support	neutral
This product comes in a clamshell package , but kudos to the designers .	designers	neutral
b ) has a small blue LED light that flashed briefly when turned on .	LED light	neutral
Instead , you could still move the cursor while sliding across the buttons .	cursor	neutral
Instead , you could still move the cursor while sliding across the buttons .	buttons	neutral
Old battery got down to only 30 minutes on a full charge but this battery will give you up to 9 hours on a full charge .	battery	neutral
Old battery got down to only 30 minutes on a full charge but this battery will give you up to 9 hours on a full charge .	charge	neutral
Old battery got down to only 30 minutes on a full charge but this battery will give you up to 9 hours on a full charge .	battery	neutral
Old battery got down to only 30 minutes on a full charge but this battery will give you up to 9 hours on a full charge .	charge	neutral
It 's a keyboard not a touchscreen with up arrows , number and symbol change keys .	keyboard	neutral
It 's a keyboard not a touchscreen with up arrows , number and symbol change keys .	touchscreen	neutral
Despite occasional lost connections ( which I attributed to my failure to get the plug seated properly ) , it provided generally reliable service for about 16 months .	plug	neutral
Despite occasional lost connections ( which I attributed to my failure to get the plug seated properly ) , it provided generally reliable service for about 16 months .	service	neutral
If you want a basic sturdy case this is it .	case	neutral
This is a small dvd player with a big heart .	dvd player	neutral
They sound pretty darn good - much better to my ears than I was led to expect by reading other reviews - although not much bass they easily crank up enough to fill my kitchen area with sound and loud enough for others to tell me to " turn it down " .	bass	neutral
Otherwise nicely built , easy controls , etc .	built	neutral
Otherwise nicely built , easy controls , etc .	controls	neutral
We do n't use it for heavy tasks like animation or video editing ; instead it runs several word and excel documents ( sometimes up to 5 documents at the same time ) , while using the internet , and it has never let us down .	animation	neutral
We do n't use it for heavy tasks like animation or video editing ; instead it runs several word and excel documents ( sometimes up to 5 documents at the same time ) , while using the internet , and it has never let us down .	video editing	neutral
We do n't use it for heavy tasks like animation or video editing ; instead it runs several word and excel documents ( sometimes up to 5 documents at the same time ) , while using the internet , and it has never let us down .	word	neutral
It was used 3 times as of February and now it wo n't work at all ( it wo n't charge ) .	charge	neutral
The software takes over the computer and slows down the whole back - up process .	software	neutral
But the keyboard , what a POS .	keyboard	neutral
Not the best quality cable , but ca n't complain about it .	cable	neutral
Several times I thought I was charging my computer only to find that the plug was not making contact .	plug	neutral
Amazon 's shipment and service top - notch per usual .	shipment	neutral
Amazon 's shipment and service top - notch per usual .	service	neutral
So there is something to be said for the simplicity of these .	simplicity	neutral
If you are looking for a great all around MP3 player ... this is the one to buy .	MP3	neutral
Unfortunately , I think the reason many of these name - brand PCs have become as cheap as they are is that some of the components they use are cheap and are lacking in quality .	components	neutral
Unfortunately , I think the reason many of these name - brand PCs have become as cheap as they are is that some of the components they use are cheap and are lacking in quality .	quality	neutral
( at , what , 1/3 of the price HP wants for one ? ! ? )	price	neutral
While this old laptop is n't used a lot , this replacement battery works real well !	battery	neutral
I wish I could swap this 901 for one of the 1001s that have a correct keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
( As great as you 're gon na get with a converter box , anyway ) .	converter box	neutral
Nice case !	case	neutral
It 's cool that it 's thin and does have a read light pointer but does n't scroll like a mouse and ca n't move the curser .	read light pointer	neutral
It 's cool that it 's thin and does have a read light pointer but does n't scroll like a mouse and ca n't move the curser .	curser	neutral
Likewise the speakers .	speakers	neutral
The small form - factor outweighs the increased effort in typing .	form - factor	neutral
My husband 's netbook battery was getting old and worn out , so I got this replacement .	battery	neutral
Using this adapter gave us better resolution over the standard VGA plug out of the computer .	resolution	neutral
Using this adapter gave us better resolution over the standard VGA plug out of the computer .	VGA plug	neutral
Great remote speaker for your mobile music .	remote	neutral
Spend the extra $ 10 - 20 to get a quality adapter .	adapter	neutral
This worked well to transfer a caller ID signal to an area where I have a cable box and TV .	caller ID signal	neutral
WORKS SLOW	WORKS	neutral
I use it for watching video and surfing the web .	surfing the web	neutral
667Mhz is the operating speed and clock speed ( 8 times RAM ) is 667 * 8 = 5336 .	operating speed	neutral
667Mhz is the operating speed and clock speed ( 8 times RAM ) is 667 * 8 = 5336 .	clock speed	neutral
667Mhz is the operating speed and clock speed ( 8 times RAM ) is 667 * 8 = 5336 .	RAM	neutral
It takes forever to get the mouse out of the box and plastic .	mouse	neutral
when the power plug accidentally got unplugged , the laptop got quite hot , running on just the battery , so for me , this would be a downside , if I ever had to rely on battery power only .	power plug	neutral
when the power plug accidentally got unplugged , the laptop got quite hot , running on just the battery , so for me , this would be a downside , if I ever had to rely on battery power only .	battery	neutral
when the power plug accidentally got unplugged , the laptop got quite hot , running on just the battery , so for me , this would be a downside , if I ever had to rely on battery power only .	battery power	neutral
The cards do not come lose in the case and the zipper is an extra layer of protection .	cards	neutral
The cards do not come lose in the case and the zipper is an extra layer of protection .	zipper	neutral
It performs as advertised .	performs	neutral
Please do n't think of this as a case , it is a sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
Windows Defender is definitely not sufficient to protect typical home users during a period of what is considered a renaissance like advancement in black technical field of melicious software development .	Windows Defender	neutral
The V7 is supposed to intelligently select what GPU to use , which is a plus , but can be an annoyance too ; thankfully , you can manually select the GPU you want to use after enabling a context menu setting .	V7	neutral
The V7 is supposed to intelligently select what GPU to use , which is a plus , but can be an annoyance too ; thankfully , you can manually select the GPU you want to use after enabling a context menu setting .	GPU	neutral
The V7 is supposed to intelligently select what GPU to use , which is a plus , but can be an annoyance too ; thankfully , you can manually select the GPU you want to use after enabling a context menu setting .	GPU	neutral
The lens is a little expensive , but reviewers say it 's well worth the price .	lens	neutral
The lens is a little expensive , but reviewers say it 's well worth the price .	price	neutral
the family.(3 ) Lenovo includes their simple Touch software program , yet when you click on the " more information " option , it does n't work.(4 )	Touch software program	neutral
At first I had tried an 8 GB flash option , but it was damaged permanently because I did n't uncheck one of the check boxes .	8 GB flash option	neutral
This one , with my initial use , seems to match it in accessory storage and durability .	accessory storage	neutral
This one , with my initial use , seems to match it in accessory storage and durability .	durability	neutral
Not only will the 9db pick up more signals but it will also pick up more interference .	9db	neutral
adapter I have ever had and nearly free .	adapter	neutral
With regards to personal use , I often will swivel the screen away from the keyboard , then adjust the tilt angle to watch TV shows or movies when I 'm traveling .	screen	neutral
With regards to personal use , I often will swivel the screen away from the keyboard , then adjust the tilt angle to watch TV shows or movies when I 'm traveling .	keyboard	neutral
With regards to personal use , I often will swivel the screen away from the keyboard , then adjust the tilt angle to watch TV shows or movies when I 'm traveling .	tilt angle	neutral
I am glad I bought the larger size as I was able to take more video .	size	neutral
There is a small box to the right of the field that says Mic - in / Line - in .	Mic -	neutral
and i even bought the antic usb cooler and ended up returning it because it made my laptop running hotter with the cooler on !	antic usb cooler	neutral
A zipper pull is cleverly hidden just under the flap of the shoulder strap which effectively doubling its size .	zipper pull	neutral
A zipper pull is cleverly hidden just under the flap of the shoulder strap which effectively doubling its size .	flap	neutral
A zipper pull is cleverly hidden just under the flap of the shoulder strap which effectively doubling its size .	shoulder strap	neutral
A zipper pull is cleverly hidden just under the flap of the shoulder strap which effectively doubling its size .	size	neutral
I 'm very happy with this mouse , definitely a quality buy for the money .	mouse	neutral
This is a nice long cable , but I 've recently learned that some cables carry more current than others , and this one is at the bottom end of the spectrum .	cable	neutral
I added a 32 GB Class 6 Micro SDHC and the Transformer recognized and installed it immediately .	32 GB Class 6 Micro SDHC	neutral
I highly recommend this external modem as well as this computer for those who always or even just occasionally need to use a dial - up internet connection.[Please see my review of this modem for complete Setup Instructions for computers running the Ubuntu Linux operating system.]======================================Update - March 19 , 2009:I have now owned this computer for two months now and I am very pleased with it .	internet connection.[Please	neutral
I highly recommend this external modem as well as this computer for those who always or even just occasionally need to use a dial - up internet connection.[Please see my review of this modem for complete Setup Instructions for computers running the Ubuntu Linux operating system.]======================================Update - March 19 , 2009:I have now owned this computer for two months now and I am very pleased with it .	Ubuntu Linux operating system.]======================================Update	neutral
Windows 7 gives the RAM an Experience Index value of 5 .	Windows 7	neutral
Windows 7 gives the RAM an Experience Index value of 5 .	RAM	neutral
6 , and then ( barely ) updated for the first round of OS X.	OS X.	neutral
I have to wiggle it around for it to fit and get a charge .	charge	neutral
It runs a relatively modern Atom processor and has limited RAM .	Atom processor	neutral
It runs a relatively modern Atom processor and has limited RAM .	RAM	neutral
The power brick is as large as a laptop adapter and the hub itself is pretty large .	power brick	neutral
The power brick is as large as a laptop adapter and the hub itself is pretty large .	hub	neutral
The pocket on the inside cover is nice , but I still have n't used it .	pocket	neutral
Hope this fan lasts long , but i think it will .	fan	neutral
The mids and highs blow me away for being so small , it 's deceitful .	mids	neutral
The mids and highs blow me away for being so small , it 's deceitful .	highs	neutral
Awsome HHD docking station .	HHD docking station	neutral
So picking up this very small light camera to record events was something totally different , I did not really know what to expect , but did n't expect a lot quality wise when it came to images .	quality	neutral
I installed the software , then powered down and installed the card .	software	neutral
I installed the software , then powered down and installed the card .	card	neutral
Includes an external DVD drive / burner .	external DVD drive / burner	neutral
The laptop runs dead silent .	runs	neutral
However , its lack of documentation or utility support for Linux and ( from the other reviews posted here ) its poor Mac OS support really limit its prospective user base to just those running Windows .	documentation	neutral
However , its lack of documentation or utility support for Linux and ( from the other reviews posted here ) its poor Mac OS support really limit its prospective user base to just those running Windows .	utility support for	neutral
However , its lack of documentation or utility support for Linux and ( from the other reviews posted here ) its poor Mac OS support really limit its prospective user base to just those running Windows .	Linux	neutral
However , its lack of documentation or utility support for Linux and ( from the other reviews posted here ) its poor Mac OS support really limit its prospective user base to just those running Windows .	Mac OS support	neutral
However , its lack of documentation or utility support for Linux and ( from the other reviews posted here ) its poor Mac OS support really limit its prospective user base to just those running Windows .	Windows	neutral
I bought this for my Kindle , after not being all that happy with the previous case I 'd been using ( basically just a carrying case that I 'd take it in and out of ) .	case	neutral
Easy to slide the HD in and out with extra pouch to store the cable .	HD	neutral
Easy to slide the HD in and out with extra pouch to store the cable .	cable	neutral
Installed easily and works great .	works	neutral
Other than that , it 's a good case for what you pay .	case	neutral
It charges de Dell Laptop .	charges	neutral
There were other quirks also , like sudden improper ejection and the eSATA connection not always being noticed when powered on , but I ca n't be sure these are n't a problem with my Mac Pro or eSATA card .	ejection	neutral
There were other quirks also , like sudden improper ejection and the eSATA connection not always being noticed when powered on , but I ca n't be sure these are n't a problem with my Mac Pro or eSATA card .	eSATA connection	neutral
There were other quirks also , like sudden improper ejection and the eSATA connection not always being noticed when powered on , but I ca n't be sure these are n't a problem with my Mac Pro or eSATA card .	eSATA card	neutral
but I think 1440x900 is perfect for a computer this size .	size	neutral
I then loaded all of my stuff into a normal back pack and it was a lot more comfortable having the weight evenly dispersed .	weight	neutral
I 'm not a music connoisseur that needs to hear various levels of bass or treble .	bass	neutral
The camera / video camera is great , and in fact I think it takes better quality ( or at least better looking pictures ) than my Droid X.	camera / video camera	neutral
, the quality was actually not that much better !	quality	neutral
Also , I 've seen reviewers bag on the fact that the back cover is plastic ; so what ?	back cover	neutral
Somewhat minor in most cases I believe , but it is annoying that the card basically becomes permanently installed .	card	neutral
The problem is the sound .	sound	neutral
The ram and ssd turn this laptop into a very fast machine .	ram	neutral
The ram and ssd turn this laptop into a very fast machine .	ssd	neutral
SI bought for my projector + monitor , very very good quality cable and high resolution video ( HD ) is displaying extra - ordinarily .	cable	neutral
Cable seems to be well - built .	Cable	neutral
It would be nicer if the connection would be muti - threaded and all clients would be connected to the router , but around $ 100 , this is great !	connection	neutral
It has really loud speakers .	speakers	neutral
Memory Memory Memory : this camera need memory sticks .	Memory Memory Memory	neutral
Memory Memory Memory : this camera need memory sticks .	memory sticks	neutral
We have had this adapter for about two years now , connected to a Lynksys " G " 2 . 4 Ghz router and a Dell desktop computer , it performed wonderfully , but at only 54 MBPS which is acceptable for a " G " router .	performed	neutral
1/19/2013As mentioned in the review , I 've had this pad since February 2012 .	pad	neutral
Make sure you have chosen the laptop model and matching keyboard properly .	keyboard	neutral
Video is bright and crisp with excellent contrast .	Video	neutral
Video is bright and crisp with excellent contrast .	contrast	neutral
Seems to be decent quality .	quality	neutral
I too had problems installing the software .	software	neutral
They 're getting cheaper and you can get a 120 GB or 128 GB drive for much less than what Apple offers .	120 GB	neutral
They 're getting cheaper and you can get a 120 GB or 128 GB drive for much less than what Apple offers .	128 GB drive	neutral
The internet works great , just enough hard dive so that it is not bulky , but I would have loved more than 160 GB .	internet	neutral
The internet works great , just enough hard dive so that it is not bulky , but I would have loved more than 160 GB .	hard dive	neutral
The outside configuration is very attractive and though highly polished does n't readily show finger smudges when handled .	outside configuration	neutral
Additionally , the Transformer boasts an SD card slot and a mini HDMI port .	SD card slot	neutral
Additionally , the Transformer boasts an SD card slot and a mini HDMI port .	HDMI port	neutral
I really like the HDMI cable connectivity , which also works to view movies on a TV ( though the higher - def movie file the better , of course , depending on the screen size of the TV ) and just to display the tablet 's desktop on a TV .	HDMI cable connectivity	neutral
I really like the HDMI cable connectivity , which also works to view movies on a TV ( though the higher - def movie file the better , of course , depending on the screen size of the TV ) and just to display the tablet 's desktop on a TV .	screen size	neutral
The fan rarely runs after the bulb is turned off .	fan	neutral
Generic ac adapter for my emachines e627 laptop .	ac adapter	neutral
The homespot works better in both cases .	homespot	neutral
This item is n't to be confused with a high quality audio system .	audio system	neutral
At that point I waited a little and got this on sale on Amazon for $ 130 which makes this a great bag for the price .	price	neutral
Might sound weird , but I liked the packaging of this unit , the black packaging looked sleek	packaging	neutral
the right size and the dye is colourfast ; an important point if you live in a humid climate ( I do).We have three Kindles in my home and this is the first non - black Kindle case .	size	neutral
I 've purchased Corsair memory in the past and have never had a problem .	Corsair memory	neutral
ManualPanasonic comes with a CD which installs a PDF manual .	ManualPanasonic	neutral
But if you do need to run desktop Windows software and still want tablet functionality , there 's probably no better value than this machine right now .	desktop Windows software	neutral
Kuddos to Microsoft for their handling of Office .	Office	neutral
I 'll be buying any other adapters or cables I need from them because I know I 'll get consistent quality .	adapters	neutral
I 'll be buying any other adapters or cables I need from them because I know I 'll get consistent quality .	cables	neutral
I 'll be buying any other adapters or cables I need from them because I know I 'll get consistent quality .	quality	neutral
The touch screen is responsive , but it is apparent that the LCD is not laminated to the plastic touch panel .	touch screen	neutral
The touch screen is responsive , but it is apparent that the LCD is not laminated to the plastic touch panel .	LCD	neutral
The touch screen is responsive , but it is apparent that the LCD is not laminated to the plastic touch panel .	touch panel	neutral
Charging did n't take very long and pairing was a sinch .	Charging	neutral
Charging did n't take very long and pairing was a sinch .	pairing	neutral
it requires new batteries every 2 or 3 weeks , 2 . not ergonomic , 3 .	batteries	neutral
Wow the packaging itself is a work of art !	packaging	neutral
My laptop ( not running anything except Mozilla and Google Desktop , clocking in 5 % of CPU usage ) is showing 34 % battery remaining for an expected 1 hr 54 minutes .	Mozilla	neutral
My laptop ( not running anything except Mozilla and Google Desktop , clocking in 5 % of CPU usage ) is showing 34 % battery remaining for an expected 1 hr 54 minutes .	CPU usage	neutral
My laptop ( not running anything except Mozilla and Google Desktop , clocking in 5 % of CPU usage ) is showing 34 % battery remaining for an expected 1 hr 54 minutes .	battery	neutral
and I see no reason for the Apple branded one costing four times as much .	costing	neutral
One of the buttons on the mouse touchpad broke within a couple months but still great laptop since I use a wireless mouse most of the time .	buttons	neutral
One of the buttons on the mouse touchpad broke within a couple months but still great laptop since I use a wireless mouse most of the time .	mouse touchpad	neutral
One of the buttons on the mouse touchpad broke within a couple months but still great laptop since I use a wireless mouse most of the time .	wireless mouse	neutral
The build is what concerns me since I really just take two grad classes and use it twice a week .	build	neutral
I wish the keys worked nice like another Black PU Leather Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard Flip I also ordered ( which needs a mouse pad ) .	keys	neutral
I wish the keys worked nice like another Black PU Leather Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard Flip I also ordered ( which needs a mouse pad ) .	Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard Flip	neutral
I wish the keys worked nice like another Black PU Leather Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard Flip I also ordered ( which needs a mouse pad ) .	mouse pad	neutral
As of Dec 04 , 2005 I can not download a driver for my Win98se computer ( for the Mini Cruzer ) .	driver	neutral
As of Dec 04 , 2005 I can not download a driver for my Win98se computer ( for the Mini Cruzer ) .	Mini Cruzer	neutral
It 's an SD slot .	SD slot	neutral
The button closures on the pockets look great ... and are a pain in the neck to actually use in reality ( the ones I am using the most I just leave open generally , and the design does allow for that ) .	button closures	neutral
The button closures on the pockets look great ... and are a pain in the neck to actually use in reality ( the ones I am using the most I just leave open generally , and the design does allow for that ) .	pockets	neutral
The button closures on the pockets look great ... and are a pain in the neck to actually use in reality ( the ones I am using the most I just leave open generally , and the design does allow for that ) .	design	neutral
You ca n't just push in on the dvd play door any more .	dvd play door	neutral
Just works out of the box and they give good support .	support	neutral
I have tried different adapters , I think it is just incompatible .	adapters	neutral
Whatever material they used for the inside of the bag makes it very loud and & # 34;crinkly,&#34 ; but also easy to clean .	material	neutral
usb port was broken and the metal on the outside of the hub was snapped .	usb port	neutral
usb port was broken and the metal on the outside of the hub was snapped .	metal	neutral
usb port was broken and the metal on the outside of the hub was snapped .	hub	neutral
I followed the instructions to the letter regarding conditioning of the battery and have been impressed with the batteries longevity and endurance .	battery	neutral
I followed the instructions to the letter regarding conditioning of the battery and have been impressed with the batteries longevity and endurance .	batteries	neutral
I followed the instructions to the letter regarding conditioning of the battery and have been impressed with the batteries longevity and endurance .	longevity	neutral
I followed the instructions to the letter regarding conditioning of the battery and have been impressed with the batteries longevity and endurance .	endurance	neutral
I 've been on the hunt for an ergonomic mouse to help with carpal tunnel and arthritis in my hands from overuse .	mouse	neutral
And I was happily surprised to see it perform adequate if not well in most areas .	perform	neutral
It does n't use batteries at all , so you ca n't just chuck it in your bag and use it anywhere .	batteries	neutral
However , I needed an extra mouse for occasional gaming on one of my extra computers but did n't have the budget to spend on a high end .	mouse	neutral
However , I needed an extra mouse for occasional gaming on one of my extra computers but did n't have the budget to spend on a high end .	gaming	neutral
However , I needed an extra mouse for occasional gaming on one of my extra computers but did n't have the budget to spend on a high end .	budget	neutral
The screen is too bright and lacks in color vibrancy .	screen	neutral
The screen is too bright and lacks in color vibrancy .	color vibrancy	neutral
Robustness was main criteria for me while buying and it qualifies on same .	Robustness	neutral
The display is lovely - 1920x1080 with good brightness .	display	neutral
The display is lovely - 1920x1080 with good brightness .	brightness	neutral
I am still getting used to the mouse not that its complicated its just not as simple as the one from my old Compaq .	mouse	neutral
This is HDMI 's way of finding compatibility between a video source and an HDMI display device .	HDMI	neutral
This is HDMI 's way of finding compatibility between a video source and an HDMI display device .	video source	neutral
This is HDMI 's way of finding compatibility between a video source and an HDMI display device .	HDMI display device	neutral
With heavy use in about two years the battery will significantly decline in play time and because it is glued to the back cover with a very hard plastic like substance , to replace it Logitech would have to sell the back cover along with the battery thus contributing significantly to the pollution problem that afflicts our planet .	battery	neutral
With heavy use in about two years the battery will significantly decline in play time and because it is glued to the back cover with a very hard plastic like substance , to replace it Logitech would have to sell the back cover along with the battery thus contributing significantly to the pollution problem that afflicts our planet .	play time	neutral
With heavy use in about two years the battery will significantly decline in play time and because it is glued to the back cover with a very hard plastic like substance , to replace it Logitech would have to sell the back cover along with the battery thus contributing significantly to the pollution problem that afflicts our planet .	back cover	neutral
With heavy use in about two years the battery will significantly decline in play time and because it is glued to the back cover with a very hard plastic like substance , to replace it Logitech would have to sell the back cover along with the battery thus contributing significantly to the pollution problem that afflicts our planet .	back cover	neutral
With heavy use in about two years the battery will significantly decline in play time and because it is glued to the back cover with a very hard plastic like substance , to replace it Logitech would have to sell the back cover along with the battery thus contributing significantly to the pollution problem that afflicts our planet .	battery	neutral
All the holes line up perfectly and can easily get to the navigation tabs .	navigation tabs	neutral
I 'll likely use an Avia program to verify adjustments later , but ca n't imagine any improvement .	Avia program	neutral
The Powerbook excels at graphics and music work , and that is where my interests lie .	graphics	neutral
The Powerbook excels at graphics and music work , and that is where my interests lie .	music work	neutral
I like the tiny USB conector .	USB conector	neutral
Firstly , the bag just looks so cool , there is nothing else that even comes close as far as style .	style	neutral
I bought this adapter to replace a TP - Link wireless N adapter which had died after only a few months use .	TP - Link wireless N adapter	neutral
but I ca n't say that I noticed any sluggishness when accessing my HDDs while connected via the USB 2 . 0 port .	USB 2 . 0 port	neutral
simple n innovative ... the only negative is that it ca n't hold my nokia charging wire coz wire is too thin	nokia charging wire	neutral
simple n innovative ... the only negative is that it ca n't hold my nokia charging wire coz wire is too thin	wire	neutral
but I have found many things that make me prefer The Windows 7 operating system ...	Windows 7 operating system	neutral
so I could have stereo sound in my bedroom .	stereo sound	neutral
I got my Bass Pulse speakers and hooked them up and immediately noticed the difference !	Bass Pulse speakers	neutral
Bought it to use only temporarily so my goal was to buy something cheap ... but hopefully of decent quality .	quality	neutral
had it for 2 plus years and it works just fine .	works	neutral
The customer service/ community support section on the company website lists user problems and answers .	customer service/ community support section	neutral
The touch / scroll area on the mouse is nice , but dosn't work all that well .	touch / scroll area	neutral
The touch / scroll area on the mouse is nice , but dosn't work all that well .	mouse	neutral
Everyone knows Macbook chargers are " consumable " , usually dying within 2 years due to cable issues or electronics failure .	cable	neutral
Not a lot to say here : the cable works fine and is thick enough to avoid tangling , but it wears out in about 3 months of use .	cable	neutral
I have a couple of high quality iHome speakers at home and the quality is very good .	speakers	neutral
I have a couple of high quality iHome speakers at home and the quality is very good .	quality	neutral
You can argue that it does n't have a touchscreen or Windows 8 , or that 1080p makes the words too small , but that 's personal preference for me .	touchscreen	neutral
You can argue that it does n't have a touchscreen or Windows 8 , or that 1080p makes the words too small , but that 's personal preference for me .	Windows 8	neutral
Wifi works great .	Wifi	neutral
The instructions never really tell you the pass code , but there is a screen shot of the pass code that is very hard to read .	instructions	neutral
Active Style and I would recommend them over these for running .	Style	neutral
The compartments hold a lot of gear .	compartments	neutral
Speeds are as described .	Speeds	neutral
The drive from which these files originated ( source ) was a 120GBKingston HyperX 3 K Solid State Drivedriven off an SATA3	drive	neutral
The drive from which these files originated ( source ) was a 120GBKingston HyperX 3 K Solid State Drivedriven off an SATA3	Solid State Drivedriven	neutral
The drive from which these files originated ( source ) was a 120GBKingston HyperX 3 K Solid State Drivedriven off an SATA3	SATA3	neutral
Express Gate starts up in about ten seconds from a cold boot .	Express Gate starts up	neutral
Express Gate starts up in about ten seconds from a cold boot .	boot	neutral
Photo editing is not easy with this filter on .	Photo editing	neutral
Photo editing is not easy with this filter on .	filter	neutral
When my friends first saw they keyboard I bought , from a distance they thought I had just purchased Apple 's wireless keyboard because they look so similar .	keyboard	neutral
When my friends first saw they keyboard I bought , from a distance they thought I had just purchased Apple 's wireless keyboard because they look so similar .	wireless keyboard	neutral
Now you know why Intel gets what they do for all their product lines in a higher price .	price	neutral
Sometimes I even plug in aWestern Digital My Passport Essential SE 750 GB USB	750 GB USB	neutral
The one thing you will notice about these cables is their heavy - duty constructions .	cables	neutral
The one thing you will notice about these cables is their heavy - duty constructions .	constructions	neutral
The paid for shipping but not the box which was only ~30 dollars , and the repair was done in about 3 days , they even fixed a couple problems I was n't aware of ( namely the CD drive was broken or something ) and now the laptop works like a charm .	CD drive	neutral
The sound was not effected and with a little work I was able to pop it back , though it seemed like the material could easily be ripped .	sound	neutral
The sound was not effected and with a little work I was able to pop it back , though it seemed like the material could easily be ripped .	material	neutral
The USB wireless stick tucks nicely into the speakers when not in use.-It has been pretty much plug - and - play ( albeit with some Bluetooth settings , audio out settings , whatever your machine requires).-The rechargeable battery is working well.-The	USB wireless stick	neutral
The USB wireless stick tucks nicely into the speakers when not in use.-It has been pretty much plug - and - play ( albeit with some Bluetooth settings , audio out settings , whatever your machine requires).-The rechargeable battery is working well.-The	speakers	neutral
The USB wireless stick tucks nicely into the speakers when not in use.-It has been pretty much plug - and - play ( albeit with some Bluetooth settings , audio out settings , whatever your machine requires).-The rechargeable battery is working well.-The	Bluetooth	neutral
The USB wireless stick tucks nicely into the speakers when not in use.-It has been pretty much plug - and - play ( albeit with some Bluetooth settings , audio out settings , whatever your machine requires).-The rechargeable battery is working well.-The	audio out	neutral
The USB wireless stick tucks nicely into the speakers when not in use.-It has been pretty much plug - and - play ( albeit with some Bluetooth settings , audio out settings , whatever your machine requires).-The rechargeable battery is working well.-The	rechargeable battery	neutral
The zippers on two of the four zippered compartments close water - tight .	zippers	neutral
It 's a perfect fit over the monitor and does n't take away from viewing the image on the screen .	monitor	neutral
It 's a perfect fit over the monitor and does n't take away from viewing the image on the screen .	screen	neutral
It has enough pockets in there to keep your stuff organized .	pockets	neutral
so the lack of the number pad simply saves space .	number pad	neutral
The cams were easy to set up and everything that you needed was in the box .	cams	neutral
The cams were easy to set up and everything that you needed was in the box .	set up	neutral
Way better than having a ton of wires around your computer and way better than those clunky bluetooth speakers with short battery life .	bluetooth speakers	neutral
Way better than having a ton of wires around your computer and way better than those clunky bluetooth speakers with short battery life .	battery life	neutral
It is very easy to switch which computer gets the scan by pushing the button on top of the switch .	switch	neutral
It is very easy to switch which computer gets the scan by pushing the button on top of the switch .	switch	neutral
Some things that make this tablet great ( that you may not realize ) is how sturdy it is built .	built	neutral
The 15 inch model which I also use at work also depends on the Intel HD4000 for everything on the OS aside from video rendering , Photoshop GPU load or games .	Intel HD4000	neutral
The 15 inch model which I also use at work also depends on the Intel HD4000 for everything on the OS aside from video rendering , Photoshop GPU load or games .	OS	neutral
The 15 inch model which I also use at work also depends on the Intel HD4000 for everything on the OS aside from video rendering , Photoshop GPU load or games .	video rendering	neutral
The 15 inch model which I also use at work also depends on the Intel HD4000 for everything on the OS aside from video rendering , Photoshop GPU load or games .	Photoshop GPU	neutral
The 15 inch model which I also use at work also depends on the Intel HD4000 for everything on the OS aside from video rendering , Photoshop GPU load or games .	games	neutral
Other than that , the system shows pride of ownership and the savings is more than appreciated .	system	neutral
It came promptly and well - packaged and is definitely a genuine brand - new exact replacement battery for my mid-2009 MacBook Pro and I installed it easily .	battery	neutral
It took me well over an hour to get the damn thing to power on because of loose wiring .	wiring	neutral
This is a & # 34;bump out&#34 ; extra capacity battery .	battery	neutral
However , it does appear to be embedded into the OS architecture itself , so	OS architecture	neutral
Intel Core i7 - 3610QM 2	Intel Core i7 -	neutral
PRICEI got this Chromebook primarily for my wife as an internet surfer .	PRICEI	neutral
Have not had any problems with the camera .	camera	neutral
I 'd love it if volume control were analog , and there 's no warning when batt is close to run out ! !	volume control	neutral
It took up more space than it did originally and became difficult to comfortable fit in my go bag .	space	neutral
Rather than those stupid fragile and hard - to - find 5VDC / USB cables that most manufacturers use , Cooler Master adopted a standard USB cable - with USB connectors at both ends !	5VDC / USB cables	neutral
Rather than those stupid fragile and hard - to - find 5VDC / USB cables that most manufacturers use , Cooler Master adopted a standard USB cable - with USB connectors at both ends !	USB cable	neutral
Rather than those stupid fragile and hard - to - find 5VDC / USB cables that most manufacturers use , Cooler Master adopted a standard USB cable - with USB connectors at both ends !	USB connectors	neutral
If you 're not sure if yours is defective , you can test them with an inexpensive multi - meter .	multi - meter	neutral
I will probably try an external wired ergonomic mouse .	external wired	neutral
The webcam has gone drastically down in price , maybe it is because they plan on coming out with a newer version .	webcam	neutral
The webcam has gone drastically down in price , maybe it is because they plan on coming out with a newer version .	price	neutral
( that 's what my iPod is for ) , but the video - player capability , though hardly crucial for my purposes , makes the P-3000 a pretty sweet and versatile road tool .	video - player capability	neutral
If you throw this item in a bag or backpack with other floating items , then pens or such can poke at the speaker and ruin it .	speaker	neutral
So I removed both the drive cage and the lower bay and used velcro to mount the drive adapter to the bottom of the case , as far forward as I could get it .	drive cage	neutral
So I removed both the drive cage and the lower bay and used velcro to mount the drive adapter to the bottom of the case , as far forward as I could get it .	lower bay	neutral
So I removed both the drive cage and the lower bay and used velcro to mount the drive adapter to the bottom of the case , as far forward as I could get it .	drive adapter	neutral
To make matters worse , the partitions only give 47 gb of usable space .	partitions	neutral
To make matters worse , the partitions only give 47 gb of usable space .	space	neutral
I 'd say about 4 hours of normal use which is n't bad at all .	use	neutral
I am glad to also have Thunderbolt , as it looks like in	Thunderbolt	neutral
That was my first choice , but changed my mind because of new retractable design from Sandisk .	retractable design	neutral
When I opened the packaging and saw how small these were and that they ran on only 3 AAA batteries , I was skeptical .	AAA batteries	neutral
As with all non - Dell factory OEM chargers some laptops may indicate an unknown charging device is attached .	charging device	neutral
Once the old drivers are removed insert the cd and follow the onscreen prompts and Bamm your done ! ! ! .	drivers	neutral
Maybe the offset pen nib contributed to the pen pivoting a lot in my hand .	offset pen nib	neutral
Maybe the offset pen nib contributed to the pen pivoting a lot in my hand .	pen	neutral
There is only 1 USB3 port ( also a USB2 port ) , so I bought a 7-port USB3 hub and now have lots of connectivity options when I need them .	USB3 port	neutral
There is only 1 USB3 port ( also a USB2 port ) , so I bought a 7-port USB3 hub and now have lots of connectivity options when I need them .	USB2 port	neutral
There is only 1 USB3 port ( also a USB2 port ) , so I bought a 7-port USB3 hub and now have lots of connectivity options when I need them .	7-port	neutral
There is only 1 USB3 port ( also a USB2 port ) , so I bought a 7-port USB3 hub and now have lots of connectivity options when I need them .	USB3 hub	neutral
I have to force quit Safari from time to time due to a very sluggish performance .	performance	neutral
The run time is NEVER what the laptop manufacturer or battery maker claims .	run time	neutral
The run time is NEVER what the laptop manufacturer or battery maker claims .	battery	neutral
The display especially when viewing photos is not as crisp as with my bigger laptop .	display	neutral
This product has a distinct quality feel .	quality	neutral
and I was afraid it was a cooling fan .	cooling fan	neutral
Everyone charges too much for power adapters .	power adapters	neutral
The corners are leather and hold the kindle in place well .	corners	neutral
These cords burn out easily and quickly ( 6 - 9 months ) but they are much cheaper than the name brand option .	cords	neutral
Great service and fast at a good price ...	service	neutral
Great service and fast at a good price ...	price	neutral
ok this cooling fan is very quiet almost ca n't hear it .	cooling fan	neutral
1 ( as opposed to Android ) , keyboard , 64 GB storage , microSD slot , USB 3 . 0	keyboard	neutral
1 ( as opposed to Android ) , keyboard , 64 GB storage , microSD slot , USB 3 . 0	64 GB storage	neutral
1 ( as opposed to Android ) , keyboard , 64 GB storage , microSD slot , USB 3 . 0	microSD slot	neutral
1 ( as opposed to Android ) , keyboard , 64 GB storage , microSD slot , USB 3 . 0	USB 3 . 0	neutral
I really like the Blue look , it fits good , does n't ever slip off and protects the outside .	Blue look	neutral
The keyboard cover fits nicely but the colored key letters does n't match up right with the keyboard key letters which is only an issue when the light is passing through it .	keyboard cover	neutral
The keyboard cover fits nicely but the colored key letters does n't match up right with the keyboard key letters which is only an issue when the light is passing through it .	keyboard key letters	neutral
" How - To : Gateway LT4004U Netbook RAM and Hard Drive Access , Upgrade , Replace " .	RAM	neutral
" How - To : Gateway LT4004U Netbook RAM and Hard Drive Access , Upgrade , Replace " .	Hard Drive Access	neutral
Unfortunately , the thing is simply not a productivity tool unless you can work around its shortcomings ( which I could not do).The screen is gorgeous in coloration , however whatever you gain in viewing angles from it being an IPS screen , you lose a lot more due to its reflectivity .	screen	neutral
Unfortunately , the thing is simply not a productivity tool unless you can work around its shortcomings ( which I could not do).The screen is gorgeous in coloration , however whatever you gain in viewing angles from it being an IPS screen , you lose a lot more due to its reflectivity .	IPS screen	neutral
Unfortunately , the thing is simply not a productivity tool unless you can work around its shortcomings ( which I could not do).The screen is gorgeous in coloration , however whatever you gain in viewing angles from it being an IPS screen , you lose a lot more due to its reflectivity .	reflectivity	neutral
I love that it 's a hard case so that it protects my Passport hard drive .	hard case	neutral
I also purchased an in the ear version ( no plastic over the ear ) .	in the ear	neutral
Its just annoying to hav eto dedicate 2 USB ports to this guy if 1 does nt supply enough power .	USB ports	neutral
As a result , I ca n't slide the laptop across a fabric without it catching on stuff and dislodging the battery .	battery	neutral
The USB receiver can be tucked into the mouse , which is another good design point .	USB receiver	neutral
The USB receiver can be tucked into the mouse , which is another good design point .	mouse	neutral
The USB receiver can be tucked into the mouse , which is another good design point .	design point	neutral
I have experienced lag and installation headaches with other brands .	installation	neutral
I bought it anyways since I desperately needed broadband in my area and hoped for the best .	broadband	neutral
It wo n't minimize to System .	System	neutral
I 'm very pleased with the design and color .	design	neutral
I 'm very pleased with the design and color .	color	neutral
It looked durable and easy to use .	use	neutral
this item works great , this was ship Hong Kong , it take long to get here about a week , do n't use the generic drivers down the toshiba bluetooth stack&#34 ; premium edition do a google search to down load it , u transfer files , I was able to transfer file about 83k , some ppl , might able to go faster , highly recommended , thx again for the item	drivers	neutral
The USB connector portion of the dongle is slightly elongated , which makes it protrude from _ flush _ USB ports slightly .	USB connector portion of the dongle	neutral
The USB connector portion of the dongle is slightly elongated , which makes it protrude from _ flush _ USB ports slightly .	USB ports	neutral
However , it requires that you bring your own peripherals , storage , etc . , and it runs a very modified version of Linux operating system .	peripherals	neutral
However , it requires that you bring your own peripherals , storage , etc . , and it runs a very modified version of Linux operating system .	storage	neutral
However , it requires that you bring your own peripherals , storage , etc . , and it runs a very modified version of Linux operating system .	Linux operating system	neutral
So I mostly just disable the mouse / touch pad on the keyboard and just stay with touch screen control .	mouse / touch pad	neutral
So I mostly just disable the mouse / touch pad on the keyboard and just stay with touch screen control .	keyboard	neutral
So I mostly just disable the mouse / touch pad on the keyboard and just stay with touch screen control .	touch screen control	neutral
After doing # 1 and setting up my wireless connection everything looks good .	wireless connection	neutral
The special effect filters do n't work on resolutions 720p and 1080p and barely work on 480p .	special effect filters	neutral
, so she has full versions of the basics ( AV , Outlook , Word , Excel , Access , Powerpoint , Publisher , etc ) installed for very little money out of pocket .	AV	neutral
, so she has full versions of the basics ( AV , Outlook , Word , Excel , Access , Powerpoint , Publisher , etc ) installed for very little money out of pocket .	Outlook	neutral
, so she has full versions of the basics ( AV , Outlook , Word , Excel , Access , Powerpoint , Publisher , etc ) installed for very little money out of pocket .	Word	neutral
, so she has full versions of the basics ( AV , Outlook , Word , Excel , Access , Powerpoint , Publisher , etc ) installed for very little money out of pocket .	Excel	neutral
, so she has full versions of the basics ( AV , Outlook , Word , Excel , Access , Powerpoint , Publisher , etc ) installed for very little money out of pocket .	Access	neutral
, so she has full versions of the basics ( AV , Outlook , Word , Excel , Access , Powerpoint , Publisher , etc ) installed for very little money out of pocket .	Powerpoint	neutral
Windows 7 is so simple to get started , but if you have a wireless LAN setup , make sure you have the wireless activation key .	Windows 7	neutral
Windows 7 is so simple to get started , but if you have a wireless LAN setup , make sure you have the wireless activation key .	wireless LAN setup	neutral
Windows 7 is so simple to get started , but if you have a wireless LAN setup , make sure you have the wireless activation key .	wireless activation key	neutral
so these replacement cords are a great value and work perfectly .	cords	neutral
I wo n't be doing much photo editing as color / exposure is concerned without an external monitor .	color	neutral
I wo n't be doing much photo editing as color / exposure is concerned without an external monitor .	external monitor	neutral
The only problem is that there is only small amount of Tablet optimized apps as of now , but it seems like most apps work with the Tablet anyway .	Tablet	neutral
The only problem is that there is only small amount of Tablet optimized apps as of now , but it seems like most apps work with the Tablet anyway .	apps	neutral
The memory is an upgrade from the stock 2 GB to 4 GB .	memory	neutral
I highly recommend it to anyone who needs this specific charger .	charger	neutral
: First thing to know , it is a sealed battery , there is no removable battery .	battery	neutral
: First thing to know , it is a sealed battery , there is no removable battery .	removable	neutral
: First thing to know , it is a sealed battery , there is no removable battery .	battery	neutral
One of the best things I like about the tablet is that it 's powered by USB , unlike the previous Wacom tablet	USB	neutral
Then the area in the back ia good for papers or other small things , but the front compartment is my favorite part of the bag .	front compartment	neutral
The quality will not blow you away but at the price , one ca n't complain .	quality	neutral
The quality will not blow you away but at the price , one ca n't complain .	price	neutral
what so ever with this dock	dock	neutral
I do n't use the touch pad , I have a trackball which I use on the right side , where I am constantly bumping into the headphone plug - in .	touch pad	neutral
I do n't use the touch pad , I have a trackball which I use on the right side , where I am constantly bumping into the headphone plug - in .	trackball	neutral
I do n't use the touch pad , I have a trackball which I use on the right side , where I am constantly bumping into the headphone plug - in .	headphone plug - in	neutral
Also , the screen does a good job of staying where you set it and not sliding down toward the closed position .	screen	neutral
My hand accidentally hits the pad and makes the cursor jump around .	pad	neutral
My hand accidentally hits the pad and makes the cursor jump around .	cursor	neutral
However , this chill mat is best for laptops where the cooling vent is on the side ( which is why it was a preferable product for Toshiba's).My Laptop is 14 - 15 " .	chill mat	neutral
However , this chill mat is best for laptops where the cooling vent is on the side ( which is why it was a preferable product for Toshiba's).My Laptop is 14 - 15 " .	cooling vent	neutral
I have encountered a lot of problems with the " mura effect " also called " clouding	mura effect	neutral
the DVD 's were easily watchable .	DVD 's	neutral
It comes with a spare mini - USB cable , which is odd given less and less devices use this .	mini - USB cable	neutral
Even the slightest touch will send Chrome to a new tab or erase the screen .	screen	neutral
The camera feels good in my hand .	camera	neutral
It 's a hot swappable device with plug and play feature .	plug and play feature	neutral
Mind you , many desktop computers have a similar baseplate mounting scheme , so this case should be fine for stationary use .	baseplate mounting scheme	neutral
Based on the assumption that a DVI > HDMI cable was superior to a VGA cable , I ordered this product .	DVI > HDMI cable	neutral
Based on the assumption that a DVI > HDMI cable was superior to a VGA cable , I ordered this product .	VGA cable	neutral
If you do n't care about looks at all then it should make you happy enough , especially for the price .	looks	neutral
If you do n't care about looks at all then it should make you happy enough , especially for the price .	price	neutral
Shipping is free and very fast , so I give it another star .	Shipping	neutral
Mitigated a bit by the nearly instant on / off cycle of the Pixel .	Pixel	neutral
ft length and ca n't beat the price .	price	neutral
You have a zippered compartment in the flap ( great to store a laptop 's charging / power cord ) , a ' desk ' once you unzip the panel under the flap ( before you unzip there is storage for 3 pens )	charging	neutral
You have a zippered compartment in the flap ( great to store a laptop 's charging / power cord ) , a ' desk ' once you unzip the panel under the flap ( before you unzip there is storage for 3 pens )	power cord	neutral
You have a zippered compartment in the flap ( great to store a laptop 's charging / power cord ) , a ' desk ' once you unzip the panel under the flap ( before you unzip there is storage for 3 pens )	panel	neutral
It comes with quite a few tips	tips	neutral
In addition , the plugs for your appliances remain tight when plugged into this adapter .	plugs	neutral
I am taking a 6-hour flight to Hawaii soon and will use the internal battery on my laptop to about 10 % , then I will plug in the XP18000 to avoid losing power twice .	internal battery	neutral
I am taking a 6-hour flight to Hawaii soon and will use the internal battery on my laptop to about 10 % , then I will plug in the XP18000 to avoid losing power twice .	power	neutral
You only need to tap the touchpad with one finger for a left click .	touchpad	neutral
Only good thing is that their customer service is located in United States !	customer service	neutral
My Passport Essential SE 1 TB USB 3 . 0	1 TB USB 3 . 0	neutral
This all seems great after my experience trying the $ 20 batteries also available on Amazon -- 2 of them .	batteries	neutral
And I live in Brazil and my country is not part of GSM .	GSM	neutral
If you can find a skin to put around the keyboard / touchpad , that 'll fix the finger - print issue .	keyboard	neutral
If you can find a skin to put around the keyboard / touchpad , that 'll fix the finger - print issue .	touchpad	neutral
I previously tried Corsair 's Value Select RAM with the same specs , however , I kept having problems with it .	Value Select RAM	neutral
I previously tried Corsair 's Value Select RAM with the same specs , however , I kept having problems with it .	specs	neutral
Installation was as simple as plugging it in and then using the display setting to tell XP to use the second display as the extended desktop .	display setting	neutral
Installation was as simple as plugging it in and then using the display setting to tell XP to use the second display as the extended desktop .	display	neutral
The full HD 17 " monitor is capable of movie standard graphics and it can display 3D graphics in a native Asus 3D mode , ( glasses required for best results ) .	full HD 17 " monitor	neutral
The full HD 17 " monitor is capable of movie standard graphics and it can display 3D graphics in a native Asus 3D mode , ( glasses required for best results ) .	movie standard graphics	neutral
The full HD 17 " monitor is capable of movie standard graphics and it can display 3D graphics in a native Asus 3D mode , ( glasses required for best results ) .	3D graphics	neutral
For the price , this more than does the job .	price	neutral
I happen to have anHP Pavilion dv9330us , which is not only a perfect match to the dock , but also looks like it belongs style - wise .	dock	neutral
Screen was nice .	Screen	neutral
The hardware in this thing is top notch !	hardware	neutral
I have n't watched any movies or DVD 's yet ( do n't have the CD\DVD drive but will get one , along with a USB HDD and the upgrade to 2 GB memory).A few days later : I found the state of charge indicator in the toolbar ( it was in a ' hidden ' menu ) and brought it up so I can see it all the time .	CD\DVD drive	neutral
I have n't watched any movies or DVD 's yet ( do n't have the CD\DVD drive but will get one , along with a USB HDD and the upgrade to 2 GB memory).A few days later : I found the state of charge indicator in the toolbar ( it was in a ' hidden ' menu ) and brought it up so I can see it all the time .	USB HDD	neutral
I have n't watched any movies or DVD 's yet ( do n't have the CD\DVD drive but will get one , along with a USB HDD and the upgrade to 2 GB memory).A few days later : I found the state of charge indicator in the toolbar ( it was in a ' hidden ' menu ) and brought it up so I can see it all the time .	2 GB memory).A	neutral
I have n't watched any movies or DVD 's yet ( do n't have the CD\DVD drive but will get one , along with a USB HDD and the upgrade to 2 GB memory).A few days later : I found the state of charge indicator in the toolbar ( it was in a ' hidden ' menu ) and brought it up so I can see it all the time .	toolbar	neutral
Another battery works fine.(The seller responded to my inquiry with minutes with a prepaid return label !	battery	neutral
The inside compartments are either orange or grey nylon lined , and there 's a small , tasteful , orange fabric accent that might help confusing your bags with all the other black bags on a plane .	compartments	neutral
The inside compartments are either orange or grey nylon lined , and there 's a small , tasteful , orange fabric accent that might help confusing your bags with all the other black bags on a plane .	fabric	neutral
Plus a wifi amplifier would be a one time investment .	wifi amplifier	neutral
It 's not designed to be a gpu powerhouse but it handles most games pretty well	gpu	neutral
It 's not designed to be a gpu powerhouse but it handles most games pretty well	games	neutral
Wire on this one enables flexibility .	Wire	neutral
There is a compartment underneath for storing the USB power cable during travel .	USB power cable	neutral
The micro - USB end fits the phone 's charging port very securely ( even more so than the one that came with the phone when it was brand new ) .	micro - USB end	neutral
The micro - USB end fits the phone 's charging port very securely ( even more so than the one that came with the phone when it was brand new ) .	charging port	neutral
I 've been wanting to replace my old laptop battery for a long time but was a little low on funds .	battery	neutral
WTF!!!!If not for the good dea and the good looks	looks	neutral
In all the key areas , however , the VAIO Pro oozes quality , and Sony has clearly been hard at work improving on the VAIO Z Series ' ergonomics .	quality	neutral
In all the key areas , however , the VAIO Pro oozes quality , and Sony has clearly been hard at work improving on the VAIO Z Series ' ergonomics .	ergonomics	neutral
I have a Chromebook , and I bought this to protect the keyboard and make cleaning it easier .	keyboard	neutral
15 . 5 inch Core i7 15218CXB	Core i7 15218CXB	neutral
Although the adhesive is only on the outer edge , I did not know and was not notified on the fact that the inside of the screen protector did not have a plastic layer , thus leaving my own fingerprints immediately when I opened the package .	adhesive	neutral
Although the adhesive is only on the outer edge , I did not know and was not notified on the fact that the inside of the screen protector did not have a plastic layer , thus leaving my own fingerprints immediately when I opened the package .	screen protector	neutral
The battery replacement experience can be very frustrating but this one is a keeper in my opinion .	battery replacement	neutral
My 2-year old Samsung Series 9 developed a problem that many others also report , a crack developed for no reason at the upper left of the main surface area and as a result the power input can no longer hold the charger plug .	surface	neutral
My 2-year old Samsung Series 9 developed a problem that many others also report , a crack developed for no reason at the upper left of the main surface area and as a result the power input can no longer hold the charger plug .	power input	neutral
My 2-year old Samsung Series 9 developed a problem that many others also report , a crack developed for no reason at the upper left of the main surface area and as a result the power input can no longer hold the charger plug .	charger plug	neutral
It may be a little bulkier to carry around , but for me personally I love the extra size .	size	neutral
Sound quality is very good for small speakers .	Sound quality	neutral
Sound quality is very good for small speakers .	speakers	neutral
The pin is actually 5 shards coming to a point with each shard suspect to bending if not careful .	pin	neutral
When the lid is closed , you kinda have to look under to see them .	lid	neutral
The speakers are loud enough to comfortable listen to the dialog from a movie or TV show .	speakers	neutral
The mic quality is a little distant sounding however so be aware you have to move closer to it when talking .	mic quality	neutral
The old battery would get so hot that I could n't use it in my lap .	battery	neutral
I dothis because my on - board audio broke , but the front slot did not .	on - board audio	neutral
I dothis because my on - board audio broke , but the front slot did not .	front slot	neutral
In my experience with laptop computer targeted cards of this nature ( going back to PCMCIA ) , this is fairly common -- only a few systems have a tab that comes out to hold a card in place , and even in those the tab is usually meant as an anti - theft device instead of a device stability feature ; pulling something out of a card is about as likely to remove the card as to leave the card in place .	cards	neutral
In my experience with laptop computer targeted cards of this nature ( going back to PCMCIA ) , this is fairly common -- only a few systems have a tab that comes out to hold a card in place , and even in those the tab is usually meant as an anti - theft device instead of a device stability feature ; pulling something out of a card is about as likely to remove the card as to leave the card in place .	device stability feature	neutral
In my experience with laptop computer targeted cards of this nature ( going back to PCMCIA ) , this is fairly common -- only a few systems have a tab that comes out to hold a card in place , and even in those the tab is usually meant as an anti - theft device instead of a device stability feature ; pulling something out of a card is about as likely to remove the card as to leave the card in place .	card	neutral
I also want to note that the peripherals responded as soon as this was plugged into my desktop , and maintained connection even when my desktop restarted and was going through bios settings .	peripherals	neutral
I also want to note that the peripherals responded as soon as this was plugged into my desktop , and maintained connection even when my desktop restarted and was going through bios settings .	bios settings	neutral
The Kensington system costs a little more money , but it is definitely worth it .	Kensington system	neutral
However , once you get over this problem , ther are no issues with control .	control	neutral
Overall , I am satisfied with the unit primarily due to the performance specs and the price .	performance specs	neutral
Overall , I am satisfied with the unit primarily due to the performance specs and the price .	price	neutral
After I returned it to the Apple Store , I realized that the iPad stand was on a table that was crooked when more weight was applied to it .	iPad stand	neutral
After I returned it to the Apple Store , I realized that the iPad stand was on a table that was crooked when more weight was applied to it .	weight	neutral
I ordered this expecting it to give me a fast boot up speed after a few reboots .	boot up speed	neutral
With this , I would have to choose between the power cord or the USB ; or the earphones or the USB .	power cord	neutral
With this , I would have to choose between the power cord or the USB ; or the earphones or the USB .	USB	neutral
With this , I would have to choose between the power cord or the USB ; or the earphones or the USB .	earphones	neutral
With this , I would have to choose between the power cord or the USB ; or the earphones or the USB .	USB	neutral
; no cables , no adapters , no jumpers , no fuss !	cables	neutral
; no cables , no adapters , no jumpers , no fuss !	adapters	neutral
; no cables , no adapters , no jumpers , no fuss !	jumpers	neutral
Internet speed when I use wired connection is 20Mbps	Internet speed	neutral
Internet speed when I use wired connection is 20Mbps	wired connection	neutral
Nice quality and great price .	price	neutral
and they run much cooler with this fan .	fan	neutral
Can use on systems that do n't have floppy drives .	floppy drives	neutral
The inside of the sleeve is a faux fur - type of lining , which is nice since I know it wo n't scratch my screen .	sleeve	neutral
The inside of the sleeve is a faux fur - type of lining , which is nice since I know it wo n't scratch my screen .	lining	neutral
The inside of the sleeve is a faux fur - type of lining , which is nice since I know it wo n't scratch my screen .	screen	neutral
I purchased these for those photos and documents that I want to share with friends without worrying if I get my drive back , I have been using these for that purpose and had no problems on Windows or Mac OS .	Windows	neutral
Indicator to inform you that a proper connection with computer is made - Mac , PC and Linux compatible - Durable - Fast USB 3 . 0	USB 3 . 0	neutral
I forget it runs on batteries actually .	batteries	neutral
They are rubber , and the grip is so strong it sort of pulls all the weight on one small spot where it grabs , instead of distributing it over a larger area .	grip	neutral
As a Windows operator since the Windows 1 . 0 inception , it was not a steep learning curve .	Windows operator	neutral
As a Windows operator since the Windows 1 . 0 inception , it was not a steep learning curve .	Windows 1 . 0	neutral
Multiple issues developed after one year : not just the power cord , but screen backlight started dimming in particular areas and the keyboard and built - in mouse " clicker " starting wearing out .	power cord	neutral
Multiple issues developed after one year : not just the power cord , but screen backlight started dimming in particular areas and the keyboard and built - in mouse " clicker " starting wearing out .	screen backlight	neutral
Multiple issues developed after one year : not just the power cord , but screen backlight started dimming in particular areas and the keyboard and built - in mouse " clicker " starting wearing out .	keyboard	neutral
Multiple issues developed after one year : not just the power cord , but screen backlight started dimming in particular areas and the keyboard and built - in mouse " clicker " starting wearing out .	built - in mouse " clicker	neutral
I keep calling them speakers , even though it is physically just one speaker .	speakers	neutral
I keep calling them speakers , even though it is physically just one speaker .	speaker	neutral
That is one of those features you might not see yourself using , then really missing when using another mouse .	features	neutral
That is one of those features you might not see yourself using , then really missing when using another mouse .	mouse	neutral
9inch Keyboard Stand Case For Android Tablet	9inch Keyboard Stand Case	neutral
Since all of our other devices were connecting to the router without any problems , I figured that the problem was my adapter .	adapter	neutral
You want the application because this chip allows for WIDI & MY WIFI technology .	chip	neutral
You want the application because this chip allows for WIDI & MY WIFI technology .	WIDI	neutral
No backup rubber plugs .	rubber plugs	neutral
I shopped for this product at several retail and home shopping networks and by far your price was the best .	price	neutral
Could only give it 4 stars for Configurability because the guest account can only be managed with software and not through the web interface but that is a small quibble .	guest account	neutral
Could only give it 4 stars for Configurability because the guest account can only be managed with software and not through the web interface but that is a small quibble .	software	neutral
Could only give it 4 stars for Configurability because the guest account can only be managed with software and not through the web interface but that is a small quibble .	web interface	neutral
THis case fits well and looks good .	case	neutral
The screen is big , bright , and beautiful and the hardware is impossible to beat for the price .	screen	neutral
The screen is big , bright , and beautiful and the hardware is impossible to beat for the price .	hardware	neutral
The screen is big , bright , and beautiful and the hardware is impossible to beat for the price .	price	neutral
Due to the increased size , you wo n't be able to fully open the screen .	size	neutral
Due to the increased size , you wo n't be able to fully open the screen .	screen	neutral
There are a ton of pockets on the unit , but I did n't want the bulk that having a lot of pockets created .	pockets	neutral
There are a ton of pockets on the unit , but I did n't want the bulk that having a lot of pockets created .	pockets	neutral
I have done an XP /Vista comparision .	XP /Vista	neutral
Instead it requires a bit more effort to insure that I 'm hitting the button and making good contact with it .	button	neutral
.... we also realized that our charger was not working either because it was missing the pin .... but that 's another review ...	charger	neutral
.... we also realized that our charger was not working either because it was missing the pin .... but that 's another review ...	pin	neutral
My previous Sony had the screen die and the one before that the fans went out .	screen	neutral
My previous Sony had the screen die and the one before that the fans went out .	fans	neutral
Finally found battery removal is the solution to revive it with power adapter all the time .	battery removal	neutral
Finally found battery removal is the solution to revive it with power adapter all the time .	power adapter	neutral
This laptop bag is nicely designed and comes at a very affordable price .	designed	neutral
This laptop bag is nicely designed and comes at a very affordable price .	price	neutral
Before I forget , remember that while surfing the Web , you can use Ctrl + and - to increase not just font size , but the size of the entire page .	surfing the Web	neutral
Before I forget , remember that while surfing the Web , you can use Ctrl + and - to increase not just font size , but the size of the entire page .	font size	neutral
Before I forget , remember that while surfing the Web , you can use Ctrl + and - to increase not just font size , but the size of the entire page .	size	neutral
She likes the blue color , it fits her	color	neutral
Grounded , surge protection on the go .	surge protection	neutral
If you want to get to the videos directly , just open the DCIM folder and you will see the video files .	DCIM folder	neutral
Comparing to my TOSHIBA P50T - A laptop , np900x3f 's wifi is slower .	wifi	neutral
ALWAYS CONNECTS WITH ROUTER AND HAVE EXCELLENT SIGNAL ..	SIGNAL	neutral
I 've had great success with Hybrid drives - I have several .	Hybrid drives	neutral
The camera works correctly in PhotoBooth and other standard Mac applications .	camera	neutral
The camera works correctly in PhotoBooth and other standard Mac applications .	PhotoBooth	neutral
They worked fine for a variety of devices including a multiport usb charger and a CPAP machine .	multiport usb charger	neutral
This model came with the 256 GB Solid - State Drive and ( in short ) I love it !	256 GB Solid - State Drive	neutral
The interesting thing for me is that this sleeve seems like it is almost made for the Asus G73 .	sleeve	neutral
and though I have several external keyboards , I want a laptop that I can use on the fly " as is " )	external keyboards	neutral
I see the devices there in the iio system but ca n't quite poke them into wakefulness .	iio system	neutral
TO BUY A CHARGING DEVICE FOR EACH ITEM	CHARGING DEVICE	neutral
However , they did not provide any instructions on how to install the new driver .	driver	neutral
The infrared remote control is single speed zoom , not varible .	infrared remote control	neutral
As to the shift key , it is technically right where it is supposed to be -- at the far right side of the keyboard .	shift key	neutral
As to the shift key , it is technically right where it is supposed to be -- at the far right side of the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
In the course of the life of your laptop , there will be some damage and hopefully this feature protects it .	feature	neutral
( I have n't tried that yet.)The way the cover folds to allow this case to become a stand is only ok .	cover	neutral
There is no limitation on available apps and the Transformer Prime	apps	neutral
There is no limitation on available apps and the Transformer Prime	Transformer Prime	neutral
Throughout the entire unboxing process as well as installation to the iPad , I noticed that the Airbender felt very , very solid .	Airbender	neutral
5A is not enough current to charge .	5A	neutral
5A is not enough current to charge .	charge	neutral
Fit fine , works fine , did n't look that much different from the OEM fan that I removed .	works	neutral
Fit fine , works fine , did n't look that much different from the OEM fan that I removed .	fan	neutral
This was a refurbished unit , and I 've been very pleased indeed with the quality and performance of the machine .	quality	neutral
This was a refurbished unit , and I 've been very pleased indeed with the quality and performance of the machine .	performance	neutral
Works well , only issue is that the curled power wireis a little short for my auto and pulls the IPhone down .	Works	neutral
Works well , only issue is that the curled power wireis a little short for my auto and pulls the IPhone down .	curled power wireis	neutral
Yes .. the two little screws that hold the handle on need to be looked at periodically to be sure they stay put .. the twisting makes them come loose .	handle	neutral
partitionsI use it for my home , for a computer that is too far away for my D - Link extreme router , because is an old laptop that our house keeper ( Maid ) uses .	D - Link extreme	neutral
I had card failure once , so now I use a 2 GB or a 4 GB card , and transfer everything to my computer , and external disk drive , as soon as possible .	card	neutral
I had card failure once , so now I use a 2 GB or a 4 GB card , and transfer everything to my computer , and external disk drive , as soon as possible .	external disk drive	neutral
I am running Win	Win	neutral
It is the perfect size for my 15 .	size	neutral
After a lot of research I 've found the V850 series to be more then adequate for my system holding an i7/16gb / gtx690 .	i7/16gb	neutral
I 'm sure i have n't even scratched the surface of the functionality of this tab .	functionality	neutral
At least they fit better and there is no issue with the hinge opening	hinge opening	neutral
The reflections are really annoying and the Zagg skin does n't really attenuate the glare very much compared to bare glass .	Zagg skin	neutral
when it was on sale for less than $ 220 ( including tax).Pros:-Lightweight - Battery Life is about 6 - 6 . 5 hours in lower screen lighting ( though some other netbook have a longer battery life this is enough for me ) .	Battery Life	neutral
when it was on sale for less than $ 220 ( including tax).Pros:-Lightweight - Battery Life is about 6 - 6 . 5 hours in lower screen lighting ( though some other netbook have a longer battery life this is enough for me ) .	screen lighting	neutral
when it was on sale for less than $ 220 ( including tax).Pros:-Lightweight - Battery Life is about 6 - 6 . 5 hours in lower screen lighting ( though some other netbook have a longer battery life this is enough for me ) .	battery life	neutral
so I 'm doing my best to get used to that operating system .	operating system	neutral
It keeps the bottom of my laptop ice cold .	bottom	neutral
Netflix works , but playback looks grainy , and you ca n't install it from market yet .	Netflix	neutral
Netflix works , but playback looks grainy , and you ca n't install it from market yet .	playback	neutral
this was a fantastic price to boot	price	neutral
I 'm only going to speak about the SSD ( higher end ) version .	SSD (	neutral
Setup was easy just plug and play , I love not being wired to the desktop .	Setup	neutral
Screw holes did not quite fit my case and needed a bit of persuasion in order to be attached .	Screw holes	neutral
When I switch from headphones to speakers , I just unplug the usb connector and I am good to go .	speakers	neutral
When I switch from headphones to speakers , I just unplug the usb connector and I am good to go .	usb connector	neutral
it is comfortable in the hand , the wheel is smooth , and the extra keys for zooming are really nice .	wheel	neutral
it is comfortable in the hand , the wheel is smooth , and the extra keys for zooming are really nice .	extra keys	neutral
it is comfortable in the hand , the wheel is smooth , and the extra keys for zooming are really nice .	zooming	neutral
In that case , make sure the delivery company makes note of it on the delivery invoice ! ! !	delivery company	neutral
In that case , make sure the delivery company makes note of it on the delivery invoice ! ! !	delivery invoice	neutral
The piture resolution is just amazing ! !	piture resolution	neutral
It 's the nature of the setup .	setup	neutral
The performance is adequate , but lags well behind even my older Mac Powerbook , let alone the latest Mac laptops , and the Windows operating system is intrusive and less than user - friendly .	performance	neutral
The performance is adequate , but lags well behind even my older Mac Powerbook , let alone the latest Mac laptops , and the Windows operating system is intrusive and less than user - friendly .	Windows operating system	neutral
Given the price , I can recommend these speakers without reservation .	price	neutral
Given the price , I can recommend these speakers without reservation .	speakers	neutral
While the bag is very durable , and has lots of useful compartments , I 'm looking at replacing it .	compartments	neutral
This is a great two port KVM that includes audio and microphone switching .	two port	neutral
This is a great two port KVM that includes audio and microphone switching .	KVM	neutral
This is a great two port KVM that includes audio and microphone switching .	audio	neutral
This is a great two port KVM that includes audio and microphone switching .	microphone switching	neutral
The tablet slot holds my Nexus 7 nicely also .	tablet slot	neutral
I 'm easily getting 5 hours on the battery	battery	neutral
They include an HDMI port for hooking the computer up to a high - def TV , a USB 2 and a USB 3 port .	HDMI port	neutral
They include an HDMI port for hooking the computer up to a high - def TV , a USB 2 and a USB 3 port .	USB 2	neutral
They include an HDMI port for hooking the computer up to a high - def TV , a USB 2 and a USB 3 port .	USB 3 port	neutral
Good small size for traveling with .	size	neutral
Since purchase , have found them to be rock solid thus far , no missing of typed characters , no loss of mouse control , nothing noticed as to deficiencies yet ... hence , impressive , for now =)	mouse control	neutral
I allows me to connect the video output from my laptop computer to my TV .	video output	neutral
The size is good , the light weight is great , the keyboard is adequate , the battery life is incredible , the speed is " fast enough " for most of my requirements , and the number of features is impressive .	size	neutral
The size is good , the light weight is great , the keyboard is adequate , the battery life is incredible , the speed is " fast enough " for most of my requirements , and the number of features is impressive .	weight	neutral
The size is good , the light weight is great , the keyboard is adequate , the battery life is incredible , the speed is " fast enough " for most of my requirements , and the number of features is impressive .	keyboard	neutral
The size is good , the light weight is great , the keyboard is adequate , the battery life is incredible , the speed is " fast enough " for most of my requirements , and the number of features is impressive .	battery life	neutral
The size is good , the light weight is great , the keyboard is adequate , the battery life is incredible , the speed is " fast enough " for most of my requirements , and the number of features is impressive .	speed	neutral
The size is good , the light weight is great , the keyboard is adequate , the battery life is incredible , the speed is " fast enough " for most of my requirements , and the number of features is impressive .	features	neutral
I am an extreme multitasker and never once have I gotten that " white screen " that Windows does when it 's working and wo n't let you do anything for a few seconds.\\KEYBOARD : The keyboard can be quirky .	keyboard	neutral
The design is very awkward .	design	neutral
I 'm now on my second charge cycle , and the battery is performing beautifully .	charge cycle	neutral
I 'm now on my second charge cycle , and the battery is performing beautifully .	battery	neutral
The WPC11 allows for both 40-bit and 128-bit WEP encryption .	WPC11	neutral
The WPC11 allows for both 40-bit and 128-bit WEP encryption .	WEP encryption	neutral
I 've had few issues with zipping / unzipping easily ( although once or twice , the larger compartment can be slightly troublesome when the backpack is empty and the fabric is bunching up).- Compartments .	zipping	neutral
I 've had few issues with zipping / unzipping easily ( although once or twice , the larger compartment can be slightly troublesome when the backpack is empty and the fabric is bunching up).- Compartments .	compartment	neutral
I 've had few issues with zipping / unzipping easily ( although once or twice , the larger compartment can be slightly troublesome when the backpack is empty and the fabric is bunching up).- Compartments .	fabric	neutral
I 've had few issues with zipping / unzipping easily ( although once or twice , the larger compartment can be slightly troublesome when the backpack is empty and the fabric is bunching up).- Compartments .	Compartments	neutral
It is such a nice feeling to simply replace the protector when it becomes soiled and see that nice clean and perfectly - functioning keyboard beneath !	protector	neutral
It is such a nice feeling to simply replace the protector when it becomes soiled and see that nice clean and perfectly - functioning keyboard beneath !	keyboard	neutral
Google around the Internet , and you will find the TF201 keyboard dock for $ 99 .	keyboard dock	neutral
During the OOKLA download tests , the signal always had a saw tooth appearance and the speed needle swung wildly .	signal	neutral
During the OOKLA download tests , the signal always had a saw tooth appearance and the speed needle swung wildly .	speed needle	neutral
it is wi - fi ready which means that you turn it on , give it a minute or less to find a connection and go .	wi - fi	neutral
LAN USB Adapter & lt	LAN USB Adapter	neutral
The customer rep assigned to this particular " case " was very accomodating , and provided me with a replacement item even after the 30-day trial period has expired .	customer rep	neutral
The red on the palm rest actually pulses .	palm rest	neutral
Her only complaint was that the sleeve had an odor to it .	sleeve	neutral
I also own a Microsoft Surface that has a terrific touchscreen .	touchscreen	neutral
I ve purchase this item for my new desk top computer and I must say that this mini keyboard is better than I expected to be .	mini keyboard	neutral
So far no issues that a Google search did not solve , laptop stays cool while gaming , still love it.*UPDATE	gaming	neutral
* minor * stuff)-The charging tip also has two buttons on the side of the tip that you must push to remove the tip from the tablet .	charging tip	neutral
* minor * stuff)-The charging tip also has two buttons on the side of the tip that you must push to remove the tip from the tablet .	tip	neutral
The " h " key either does n't work at all - or it keeps running " hhhhhhhhh"Also when I click on start	h " key	neutral
Integrated slot for the digitizer pen	digitizer pen	neutral
It also holds its shape very well and has sufficient padding .	shape	neutral
It also holds its shape very well and has sufficient padding .	padding	neutral
It is fast , with a nice non glare screen and the keyboard is easy to type on .	screen	neutral
It is fast , with a nice non glare screen and the keyboard is easy to type on .	keyboard	neutral
I use a wireless mouse but the built in one works	wireless mouse	neutral
In the next morning , after 6hrs of double duty charging , and only then , you can dock the fully charged tablet on the mostley uncharged keyboard , to start working again .	charging	neutral
In the next morning , after 6hrs of double duty charging , and only then , you can dock the fully charged tablet on the mostley uncharged keyboard , to start working again .	keyboard	neutral
The computer would no longer load an operating system .	operating system	neutral
Nice smooth look , no pseudo - techie heat sink look .	look	neutral
Nice smooth look , no pseudo - techie heat sink look .	heat sink look	neutral
Border very shiny , produces glare , counterproductive relative to matted screen .	Border	neutral
Border very shiny , produces glare , counterproductive relative to matted screen .	screen	neutral
This produt has worked flawlessly on my Windows 7 64 .	Windows 7 64	neutral
Works well and is well worth the money .	Works	neutral
This power supply does the job .	power supply	neutral
I think that is reasonable considering the relatively high power needs of a larger , high - performance laptop .	power	neutral
I think that is reasonable considering the relatively high power needs of a larger , high - performance laptop .	performance	neutral
The quality of music reproduction is good , but the controls and underlying program are poor .	music reproduction	neutral
The quality of music reproduction is good , but the controls and underlying program are poor .	controls	neutral
The quality of music reproduction is good , but the controls and underlying program are poor .	underlying program	neutral
Still do n't like the mousepad .	mousepad	neutral
Here 's a link to the HotFix for anyone interested ( I just installed it on Vista SP1	HotFix	neutral
Here 's a link to the HotFix for anyone interested ( I just installed it on Vista SP1	Vista SP1	neutral
50 Per Incident " to talk to someone in customer support-- look here [ ... ]	customer support--	neutral
I bought this to replace my original cord because my bunny chewed it ...	cord	neutral
that severely when it just works so well	works	neutral
Mine came on a nice plaid color looking fancier then a plain Jane case .	color	neutral
Mine came on a nice plaid color looking fancier then a plain Jane case .	case	neutral
The interface is intuitive and the software that comes with the machine makes this easy .	interface	neutral
The interface is intuitive and the software that comes with the machine makes this easy .	software	neutral
Plus , the zipper is good quality ( not crazy , but good ) , the the pull handle is surprisingly nice , and ( lastly ) the shipping it came in from Amazon was hassle free and not damaged or marked in any way .	zipper	neutral
Plus , the zipper is good quality ( not crazy , but good ) , the the pull handle is surprisingly nice , and ( lastly ) the shipping it came in from Amazon was hassle free and not damaged or marked in any way .	pull handle	neutral
Plus , the zipper is good quality ( not crazy , but good ) , the the pull handle is surprisingly nice , and ( lastly ) the shipping it came in from Amazon was hassle free and not damaged or marked in any way .	shipping	neutral
It has a very soft fur interior that will take care of your laptop .	interior	neutral
I 'm throwing at it , and still does n't seem to need to have the memory upgraded , although I will probably still do that .	memory	neutral
The internal configurability is top notch and the Velcro does stay in place remarkably well .	internal configurability	neutral
The internal configurability is top notch and the Velcro does stay in place remarkably well .	Velcro	neutral
The multi - touch trackpad is so easy and feature	multi - touch trackpad	neutral
I replaced the monitor ...	monitor	neutral
I did n't want it for anything resource intensive , so the slow processor was n't an issue .	processor	neutral
It will not have enough space for a sweater or anything heavy like that unless you carry the comupter case by it self .	comupter case	neutral
I can say that this product generally works properly , the ports has power over energy , and the installation is easy and practical , on Windows 7 , and its work without installing with problems .	ports	neutral
I can say that this product generally works properly , the ports has power over energy , and the installation is easy and practical , on Windows 7 , and its work without installing with problems .	Windows 7	neutral
Mine laptop has fallen many times but still work quite well apart from a particular annoying notice from most probably the cooling fan hitting something but still works like a charm .	cooling fan	neutral
I opted for this kit of 16GBs for times	16GBs	neutral
When you open the screen you 'll be amazed at how unbelievably thin it is .	screen	neutral
I have a 13 " macbook pro and a 15 " macbook pro , I bought the case for my 13 " from the apple store from a company called " incase " and then I bought this product for the 15 .	case	neutral
Windows 8 takes a little getting used to .	Windows 8	neutral
The attached stylus works well , but may take some getting used to .	attached stylus	neutral
Coupled with a Verizon wireless card and service ( costs extra ) you can go anywhere and still be productive .	service	neutral
Since this is n't a fault of the case , it had no effect on my rating , and I wanted to let other Yoga 2 Pro owners know that this particular model wo n't fit .	case	neutral
As for the noise of the USB fan , it is certainly not silent , and it is noiser than my Dell laptop running on its own .	USB fan	neutral
I ordered this cable after losing the stock cable that my ps4 arrives with .	cable	neutral
0the keyboard is BACKLIT but it is only white .	keyboard	neutral
but once you got it , it will be the best os you ever used .	os	neutral
A Wacom pen is an artist 's tool .	Wacom pen	neutral
I then called Sony who said they would make a case number and that a Sony repair agent would have to insert a USB correction device .	Sony repair agent	neutral
I then called Sony who said they would make a case number and that a Sony repair agent would have to insert a USB correction device .	USB correction device	neutral
I can attend a formal or informal meeting with it without being worried about its size .	size	neutral
Smart move because my wireless performance is awesome everywhere in my home , including partially underground basement area .	wireless performance	neutral
HP was able to make more ergonomical shape , but it 's OK anyway	shape	neutral
I will probably upgrade the drive within a month or two once I decide on the new Hitachi hard drive or the OCZ solid state drive .	drive	neutral
I will probably upgrade the drive within a month or two once I decide on the new Hitachi hard drive or the OCZ solid state drive .	Hitachi hard drive	neutral
I will probably upgrade the drive within a month or two once I decide on the new Hitachi hard drive or the OCZ solid state drive .	OCZ	neutral
I will probably upgrade the drive within a month or two once I decide on the new Hitachi hard drive or the OCZ solid state drive .	solid state drive	neutral
It works great and holds a charge for a while .	works	neutral
It works great and holds a charge for a while .	charge	neutral
This is a very sturdy case .	case	neutral
On the lighter side of the inexpensive laptop spectrum1366x768 screen resolution is standard .	screen resolution	neutral
It 's very nicely designed , looks great , is very portable , has a great display , a fine keyboard , very good performance , and some nice bits like a full size HDMI port .	designed	neutral
It 's very nicely designed , looks great , is very portable , has a great display , a fine keyboard , very good performance , and some nice bits like a full size HDMI port .	display	neutral
It 's very nicely designed , looks great , is very portable , has a great display , a fine keyboard , very good performance , and some nice bits like a full size HDMI port .	keyboard	neutral
It 's very nicely designed , looks great , is very portable , has a great display , a fine keyboard , very good performance , and some nice bits like a full size HDMI port .	performance	neutral
It 's very nicely designed , looks great , is very portable , has a great display , a fine keyboard , very good performance , and some nice bits like a full size HDMI port .	HDMI port	neutral
Plus it has 2 USB charging ports in addition to the 7 USB ports .	USB charging ports	neutral
Plus it has 2 USB charging ports in addition to the 7 USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
While having the VGA cable connected directly into the DVR provides a live image of what the cameras are capturing .	VGA cable	neutral
While having the VGA cable connected directly into the DVR provides a live image of what the cameras are capturing .	DVR	neutral
Outside pocket also has a mini pocket inside to hold a flash drive .	flash drive	neutral
Like keyboard noise ... I personally do not think that there is an issue , while others have complained ...	keyboard noise	neutral
I fit lots of stuff inside , like a portable mouse , USB drives , notes , etc .	USB drives	neutral
For example even after I close Media Center , it still has some background process running , which prevents me from unplugging my TV tuner .	Media Center	neutral
If you want a new system to rock the house , do n't get these .	system	neutral
It 's pretty to look at , seems incredibly well built , is lightweight and has a good battery .	look	neutral
It 's pretty to look at , seems incredibly well built , is lightweight and has a good battery .	built	neutral
It 's pretty to look at , seems incredibly well built , is lightweight and has a good battery .	battery	neutral
this card is installed in is brought up from standby mode the card stalls and reports a power surge error for all ports .	card	neutral
this card is installed in is brought up from standby mode the card stalls and reports a power surge error for all ports .	power surge	neutral
this card is installed in is brought up from standby mode the card stalls and reports a power surge error for all ports .	ports	neutral
These shipped extremely fast .	shipped	neutral
It looks smart.- Battery time is 3 + hours.- Has all the other essential ports such as Network , Firewire etc .	Battery time	neutral
It looks smart.- Battery time is 3 + hours.- Has all the other essential ports such as Network , Firewire etc .	ports	neutral
It looks smart.- Battery time is 3 + hours.- Has all the other essential ports such as Network , Firewire etc .	Network	neutral
It looks smart.- Battery time is 3 + hours.- Has all the other essential ports such as Network , Firewire etc .	Firewire	neutral
The only other thing missing ( for me ) is a backlit keyboard ; but I knew that before I purchased it .	backlit keyboard	neutral
The only problem I have , which occurs once a week at least , is that the touch feature stops working .	touch feature	neutral
The material is a lot thinner and there are fewer pockets and devices , but in some ways I actually prefer this messenger bag design to our older top loader .	material	neutral
The material is a lot thinner and there are fewer pockets and devices , but in some ways I actually prefer this messenger bag design to our older top loader .	pockets	neutral
The material is a lot thinner and there are fewer pockets and devices , but in some ways I actually prefer this messenger bag design to our older top loader .	design	neutral
Anywho , the laptop is fantastic and again , the OS is the issue I have , the rest , plays games like a champ and everyday computing is great .	OS	neutral
Anywho , the laptop is fantastic and again , the OS is the issue I have , the rest , plays games like a champ and everyday computing is great .	games	neutral
You have to have your fingers really clear of the touchpad to make sure you do n't accidentally trigger the touchpad .	touchpad	neutral
You have to have your fingers really clear of the touchpad to make sure you do n't accidentally trigger the touchpad .	touchpad	neutral
DesignFull speed Bluetooth operation with full piconet supportScatternet supportSupport for 802 .	DesignFull	neutral
DesignFull speed Bluetooth operation with full piconet supportScatternet supportSupport for 802 .	speed Bluetooth operation	neutral
DesignFull speed Bluetooth operation with full piconet supportScatternet supportSupport for 802 .	802	neutral
Works as described , only problem I had with it was the wire coming slightly loose of from the body of the hub .	wire	neutral
Works as described , only problem I had with it was the wire coming slightly loose of from the body of the hub .	hub	neutral
If you buy a larger , longer lasting battery fotr your HP LapTop Computer , it WON'T fit in this & # 34;sleeve.&#34 ;	battery	neutral
Genuine HP power supply , 19 . 5 volts , works fine with a Gigabyte Thin mini - ITX motherboard , model # GA - B75TN .	power supply	neutral
25 GB of memory .I feel like I have stolen extra reserve of memory with the $ 47 . 00 purchase	memory	neutral
mb speeds .	mb speeds	neutral
Finger Print Scanner : So far I 've had no issues with this feature as the scanner reads my finger with one pass .	Finger Print Scanner	neutral
Finger Print Scanner : So far I 've had no issues with this feature as the scanner reads my finger with one pass .	feature	neutral
Finger Print Scanner : So far I 've had no issues with this feature as the scanner reads my finger with one pass .	scanner	neutral
Found a 2 GB folder with nothing but printer drivers .	printer drivers	neutral
i. e. bluray player , AppleTV , whatever ) all I need is a $ 2 ethernet cable , which will give a better signal even when the device already has built in wifi .	bluray player	neutral
i. e. bluray player , AppleTV , whatever ) all I need is a $ 2 ethernet cable , which will give a better signal even when the device already has built in wifi .	ethernet cable	neutral
For example , even the atom powered Samsung 500 T offers the 10 point touch screen with wacom digitizer and stylus .	10 point	neutral
For example , even the atom powered Samsung 500 T offers the 10 point touch screen with wacom digitizer and stylus .	touch screen	neutral
For example , even the atom powered Samsung 500 T offers the 10 point touch screen with wacom digitizer and stylus .	wacom digitizer	neutral
For example , even the atom powered Samsung 500 T offers the 10 point touch screen with wacom digitizer and stylus .	stylus	neutral
Pixela lets you pick and chose shots , trim a given shot , and add titles and audio .	Pixela	neutral
It will display all of the signals in range as well as a numerical value referencing signal strength .	signal strength	neutral
Hooray for innovative products like the dockBoss !	dockBoss	neutral
you gain the usb port on the left side of the cooler .	usb port	neutral
This is a very well designed product .	designed	neutral
The problem is with the wifi .	wifi	neutral
Dis a complete wipe of the drive , fresh install of Windows 8 , then used a USB Dongle WiFi adapter to get wireless and went to Samsung sight to re - download	drive	neutral
Dis a complete wipe of the drive , fresh install of Windows 8 , then used a USB Dongle WiFi adapter to get wireless and went to Samsung sight to re - download	Windows 8	neutral
Dis a complete wipe of the drive , fresh install of Windows 8 , then used a USB Dongle WiFi adapter to get wireless and went to Samsung sight to re - download	USB Dongle WiFi adapter	neutral
Ping test it runs flawless sometimes even topping a cat5 connection .	Ping	neutral
Ping test it runs flawless sometimes even topping a cat5 connection .	cat5 connection	neutral
The cord that connects the outlet to the adapter was a little loose on the adapter end and after about a month it stopped connecting at all .	cord	neutral
The cord that connects the outlet to the adapter was a little loose on the adapter end and after about a month it stopped connecting at all .	outlet to	neutral
The cord that connects the outlet to the adapter was a little loose on the adapter end and after about a month it stopped connecting at all .	adapter end	neutral
I 'm liking this keyboard so much that I anticipate using it a lot .	keyboard	neutral
Drives just slide in .	Drives	neutral
You remove two screws and slide out the end of the case that the cable plugs into , slip that end onto your hard drive , then slide the whole thing back together and put back the two screws .	case	neutral
You remove two screws and slide out the end of the case that the cable plugs into , slip that end onto your hard drive , then slide the whole thing back together and put back the two screws .	cable	neutral
I have a moderate to high level of I. T. Background , and know that sometimes configuring wireless devices can be a challenge .	I. T.	neutral
I have a moderate to high level of I. T. Background , and know that sometimes configuring wireless devices can be a challenge .	wireless devices	neutral
I took this and a 6 plug surge protector on my trip to the Philippines .	6 plug surge protector	neutral
During my search I came across the Belkin outlet and for the price I decided to give it a try .	price	neutral
That seemed to take a while , but with automatic updates enabled , it 's a one - time event .	updates	neutral
When the Actiontec receiver displayed its " Ready to Connect " message on the screen , I followed the instructions to start the Intel WiDi program on my PC .	Actiontec receiver	neutral
When the Actiontec receiver displayed its " Ready to Connect " message on the screen , I followed the instructions to start the Intel WiDi program on my PC .	Intel WiDi program	neutral
Not having to pay for added security software ( still will have to pay for one subscription as we still have an HP desktop - not for long though because I am looking at the iMac ) .	added security software	neutral
Not having to pay for added security software ( still will have to pay for one subscription as we still have an HP desktop - not for long though because I am looking at the iMac ) .	iMac	neutral
I could fit all my misc work stuff including the power adapter and the mouse .	power adapter	neutral
I could fit all my misc work stuff including the power adapter and the mouse .	mouse	neutral
Has fold out stands that prevent overheating .	stands	neutral
Used these to upgrade my 2011 27 " iMac to 32 GB of RAM since I use virtual machines quite a bit and also do a lot of video conversion	video conversion	neutral
The construction of the unit is pleasantly rugged for the low price .	construction	neutral
The construction of the unit is pleasantly rugged for the low price .	price	neutral
He only listens to music and hates the sound .	sound	neutral
There is also no Wifi on / off button .	Wifi on / off button	neutral
Just wanted a slip case to put the laptop in so my cats will not bother it .	slip case	neutral
I 've never had a problem with D - Link 's website ( or customer service , while we 're on the subject ) , so I was a bit taken aback that Microsoft was ahead of D - Link 's site .	customer service	neutral
This is my wife 's machine and to make the machine immediately useful for her I installed Classic Shell to give the Windows 8	Classic Shell	neutral
This is my wife 's machine and to make the machine immediately useful for her I installed Classic Shell to give the Windows 8	Windows 8	neutral
This still did n't resolve the disconnecting issue .	disconnecting	neutral
Before buying it , be aware that Wacom , the largest producer of such things , offers many different products and variants at many price points .	Wacom	neutral
Before buying it , be aware that Wacom , the largest producer of such things , offers many different products and variants at many price points .	price	neutral
Finally , while it worked with my Toshiba laptop , I just got a new Dell 14 " laptop ( in November 2009 ) , and NONE OF THE TIPS FIT !	TIPS	neutral
85 Watt AC / DC Power Adapter with Dual Charging Device said it only weighed 8 oz .	AC / DC Power Adapter	neutral
85 Watt AC / DC Power Adapter with Dual Charging Device said it only weighed 8 oz .	Dual Charging Device	neutral
The Lowepro 250 AW series of camera bags have been around more several years and I mistakenly thought that the more recent Case Logic bag would be more updated and superior since it was priced much higher too - WRONG !	priced	neutral
If the unit is charging .	charging	neutral
I inserted the supplied CD to install the driver , and initially it had difficulty Discovering that the adapter was plugged in , but subsequent trials , it found the adapter but was stuck at the next step .	driver	neutral
I inserted the supplied CD to install the driver , and initially it had difficulty Discovering that the adapter was plugged in , but subsequent trials , it found the adapter but was stuck at the next step .	adapter	neutral
I inserted the supplied CD to install the driver , and initially it had difficulty Discovering that the adapter was plugged in , but subsequent trials , it found the adapter but was stuck at the next step .	adapter	neutral
The picture with the keyboard folded does n't show that all the keyboard 's letters are not a uniform size .	keyboard	neutral
The picture with the keyboard folded does n't show that all the keyboard 's letters are not a uniform size .	keyboard	neutral
( I called HP and they will sell only with Win8 ) .	Win8	neutral
The product may look dorky ( 21st century rabbit ears , I guess ) but it delivers reliability and speed at distance -- exactly what you want out of a USB adapter .	speed	neutral
The product may look dorky ( 21st century rabbit ears , I guess ) but it delivers reliability and speed at distance -- exactly what you want out of a USB adapter .	USB adapter	neutral
I had used a neoprene sleeve on my old laptop which at times was not the most convenient in class .	neoprene sleeve	neutral
The photo section is again well padded and a little changable to accomodate your various needs .	photo section	neutral
All I needed to do was clean the back of my phone and moisten the suction cups .	suction cups	neutral
I bought this keyboard looking at some of the reviews were saying it works with Android but for some reason or another	keyboard	neutral
But you will end up with some fat body with bad screen laptop compare to this)- End / Home Key need a getting used to , essential for coding ( Fn + Right Arrow key is End key ... at least it 's on the right location , lower right corner , just need to add Fn key in combination).- Not likely to use Good screen / Keyboard lighting feature ( I need long battery life , so turning them down and off ...	End	neutral
But you will end up with some fat body with bad screen laptop compare to this)- End / Home Key need a getting used to , essential for coding ( Fn + Right Arrow key is End key ... at least it 's on the right location , lower right corner , just need to add Fn key in combination).- Not likely to use Good screen / Keyboard lighting feature ( I need long battery life , so turning them down and off ...	Right Arrow key	neutral
But you will end up with some fat body with bad screen laptop compare to this)- End / Home Key need a getting used to , essential for coding ( Fn + Right Arrow key is End key ... at least it 's on the right location , lower right corner , just need to add Fn key in combination).- Not likely to use Good screen / Keyboard lighting feature ( I need long battery life , so turning them down and off ...	screen /	neutral
But you will end up with some fat body with bad screen laptop compare to this)- End / Home Key need a getting used to , essential for coding ( Fn + Right Arrow key is End key ... at least it 's on the right location , lower right corner , just need to add Fn key in combination).- Not likely to use Good screen / Keyboard lighting feature ( I need long battery life , so turning them down and off ...	Keyboard lighting feature	neutral
But you will end up with some fat body with bad screen laptop compare to this)- End / Home Key need a getting used to , essential for coding ( Fn + Right Arrow key is End key ... at least it 's on the right location , lower right corner , just need to add Fn key in combination).- Not likely to use Good screen / Keyboard lighting feature ( I need long battery life , so turning them down and off ...	battery life	neutral
I usually stick to them or kingston for memory that I know will work out of the box on almost any board .	memory	neutral
It would have decent fidelity and very little in the way of distortion .	fidelity	neutral
I got these primarily for gaming and sometimes a little music .	gaming	neutral
A few pople said that the screen protector is a little small and that it does n't cover the entire screen .	screen protector	neutral
A few pople said that the screen protector is a little small and that it does n't cover the entire screen .	screen	neutral
According to support for both Toshiba , and DisplayLink ( they provide the software for the video drivers ) , this was a design choice of Toshiba .	support	neutral
According to support for both Toshiba , and DisplayLink ( they provide the software for the video drivers ) , this was a design choice of Toshiba .	DisplayLink	neutral
According to support for both Toshiba , and DisplayLink ( they provide the software for the video drivers ) , this was a design choice of Toshiba .	software	neutral
According to support for both Toshiba , and DisplayLink ( they provide the software for the video drivers ) , this was a design choice of Toshiba .	video drivers	neutral
According to support for both Toshiba , and DisplayLink ( they provide the software for the video drivers ) , this was a design choice of Toshiba .	design	neutral
and all I like its design and price	design	neutral
and all I like its design and price	price	neutral
It was $ 40 but well worth the cost .	cost	neutral
There is no notification light on the camera which would tell you if camera is on or off .	notification light	neutral
There is no notification light on the camera which would tell you if camera is on or off .	camera	neutral
We cancelled our cable and now watch primarily through Roku or the Wii , but since Hulu Plus is really limited , many of our favorite programs are online - only .	Hulu Plus	neutral
I 've owned 5 different MP3 video players over the years .	MP3 video	neutral
For up to now and for so long Apple held the best WQHD , or WQXGA , monitor for users that needed more than 1080p HD resolutions .	WQHD	neutral
I have yet to find an adapter that shows to be charging unless it is an actual nook charger .	adapter	neutral
I have yet to find an adapter that shows to be charging unless it is an actual nook charger .	charging	neutral
I ordered this and had it rush shipped because various , important items were on the hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
Its good for its price	price	neutral
The fit was tight and secure , but because of other terrible reviews I took extra care not to allow too much stress or twist to occure around the connection .	connection	neutral
the hinges which hold all four corners was just what I was looking for .	hinges	neutral
Both My Asus 's cost a max of $ 1 , 200 but after upgrading the ram and adding a second hard drive as will as upgrading the wifi + any labor expenses they each cost as much as this Samsung .	ram	neutral
Both My Asus 's cost a max of $ 1 , 200 but after upgrading the ram and adding a second hard drive as will as upgrading the wifi + any labor expenses they each cost as much as this Samsung .	hard drive	neutral
Remember , actual battey life is sujective , that is why I 'm not complaining about this one .	battey life	neutral
So far the LCD is working great and has exceeded my expectations .	LCD	neutral
They started to break apart at the small connections protecting the vents .	vents	neutral
Works great with new iPad Air .	Works	neutral
The screen is larger than I had expected .	screen	neutral
Skyrim , I know right , is this thing ever going to start ?	Skyrim	neutral
Well it has one main compartment with two internal pockets where you can throw your 15 , 6 laptop , the charger and cables .	charger	neutral
It also has one of the better stands that I 've seen on a webcam .	stands	neutral
It also has one of the better stands that I 've seen on a webcam .	webcam	neutral
I ordered this for the model of laptop specified and the bottom case does not fit perfectly and falls of when lifted unless I clamp onto it .	bottom case	neutral
Wish Lists are easy to set up and one of the my favorite Tivo functions .	set up	neutral
Wish Lists are easy to set up and one of the my favorite Tivo functions .	Tivo functions	neutral
5 - 1 pound off the total weight.- I was expecting a completely silent laptop .	weight.-	neutral
It keeps the computer very cool and raises the keyboard just enough to improve typing comfort .	keyboard	neutral
The NEC / Blue Eye system is a two - way communication between the measuring device and the electronics in the display .	NEC / Blue Eye system	neutral
The " bass " speaker is on the top end of the device in the shape of a long oval .	"	neutral
The " bass " speaker is on the top end of the device in the shape of a long oval .	bass " speaker	neutral
good enough for work and videos , no gaming requirementsEnough memory for Virtual Machine ( s )	gaming	neutral
good enough for work and videos , no gaming requirementsEnough memory for Virtual Machine ( s )	memory	neutral
Replacing a case is not an easy process .	case	neutral
Though I was aware there are not enough s / w available for Mac ( as compared to MS ) , did nt know I have to shell out for each small thing I want to do .	s / w	neutral
Pros : I did appreciate the compartments and organization , particularly on the back panel - this is by far the best rolling bag that I have used from an organization standpoint .	compartments	neutral
Pros : I did appreciate the compartments and organization , particularly on the back panel - this is by far the best rolling bag that I have used from an organization standpoint .	back panel	neutral
All in all a good cover for the money .	cover	neutral
Unfortunately , the Dell battery has extremely poor reviews on their website , and I have not found a compatible battery , so I am without , even though I need one .	battery	neutral
It is now January 2012 and up till now the battery life seemed to be predictably losing its capacity at a steady rate of degeneration till last week when it went from being able to power my laptop for at least 20 minutes to where it now will only give me enough juice for 2 minutes .	battery life	neutral
It is now January 2012 and up till now the battery life seemed to be predictably losing its capacity at a steady rate of degeneration till last week when it went from being able to power my laptop for at least 20 minutes to where it now will only give me enough juice for 2 minutes .	capacity	neutral
It is now January 2012 and up till now the battery life seemed to be predictably losing its capacity at a steady rate of degeneration till last week when it went from being able to power my laptop for at least 20 minutes to where it now will only give me enough juice for 2 minutes .	juice	neutral
The OS is remarkably stable .	OS	neutral
After buying this one , I came across a similar battery that was 7200 mAh .	battery	neutral
Targus cheaping out on the quality of the headphone jack really makes that feature useless for iphone users who would be better off with the standard headphone cord pass thru slot most other backpacks have .	headphone jack	neutral
Targus cheaping out on the quality of the headphone jack really makes that feature useless for iphone users who would be better off with the standard headphone cord pass thru slot most other backpacks have .	feature	neutral
Targus cheaping out on the quality of the headphone jack really makes that feature useless for iphone users who would be better off with the standard headphone cord pass thru slot most other backpacks have .	headphone cord pass thru slot	neutral
desktop tripod with it , that way I can position the webcam exactly where I want .	webcam	neutral
Now my skin will not crawl so bad when people come over to point at my screen and touch it , I hate people touching my screen .	screen	neutral
Now my skin will not crawl so bad when people come over to point at my screen and touch it , I hate people touching my screen .	screen	neutral
Though I 've yet flown with the case , it seems as the middle zipper for laying the case flat on the security checkpoint conveyor should be a time saver .	zipper	neutral
The keys work fine but feel cheap , flimsy , and loose .	keys	neutral
It cleans the screen very well , just like a high quality microfiber polish cloth that you might use for your eyeglasses .	screen	neutral
While the speaker is loud , the sound quality is n't as incredible .	speaker	neutral
While the speaker is loud , the sound quality is n't as incredible .	sound quality	neutral
Maybe can get an old laptop working that had 5 or 6 different batteries listed .	batteries	neutral
Blue Netbook - 9 . 5 Hour Battery Life .	Battery Life	neutral
Use the drivers only .	drivers	neutral
The initial use of putting it on the screen was a little bit nerve wracking .	screen	neutral
One claims its best to get the Vista driver from the Realtek site .	Vista driver	neutral
One claims its best to get the Vista driver from the Realtek site .	Realtek	neutral
Very good work well easy to set up , do not have much bass	set up	neutral
Very good work well easy to set up , do not have much bass	bass	neutral
The laptop itself measures 18&#34 ; wide by 13&#34 ; inches deep so the keyboard is full sized .	keyboard	neutral
I am even willing to pay for the shipping .	shipping	neutral
It also has a front pocket with a nice organizer section that can hold pens , business cards , USB sticks , etc ( again , right in front so easily accessible ) .	organizer	neutral
It also has a front pocket with a nice organizer section that can hold pens , business cards , USB sticks , etc ( again , right in front so easily accessible ) .	USB sticks	neutral
This usually helps , as does limiting the number of programs I 'm running .	programs	neutral
So I think this is what killed the graphics processor in this case .	graphics processor	neutral
Because of this , the Macbook Pro definitely has the better display all around .	display	neutral
I now use my laptop in the following manner : first , I plug the RCA receiving unit into the wall outlet nearest where I want to sit ; then I turn on the printer ; and finally , I extend the little blue tooth - shaped antenna ( how cute ! )	RCA receiving unit	neutral
I now use my laptop in the following manner : first , I plug the RCA receiving unit into the wall outlet nearest where I want to sit ; then I turn on the printer ; and finally , I extend the little blue tooth - shaped antenna ( how cute ! )	blue tooth - shaped antenna	neutral
Aside from this problem the case looks good .	case	neutral
All of my home - built and work - built towers sport ASUS motherboards .	motherboards	neutral
I have gone from 2 hours of battery time to 3 + hours , and my laptop still fits in my bag .	battery time	neutral
Still disappointed though that I could n't get my 22 " monitor resolution higher than 1024 x 769 when I attach it to the laptop 's VGA port .	22 " monitor resolution	neutral
Still disappointed though that I could n't get my 22 " monitor resolution higher than 1024 x 769 when I attach it to the laptop 's VGA port .	VGA port	neutral
There is not much to say about a computer charger except that it does its job in charging my computer at the right speed .	charger	neutral
There is not much to say about a computer charger except that it does its job in charging my computer at the right speed .	speed	neutral
I almost removed a star for this , but decided that perhaps the target market is the folks who have ~200 GB 300Gb disk drives now .	300Gb disk drives	neutral
Because of the lack of stereo separation , the audio playback does n't really come across as significantly high - grade .	stereo separation	neutral
Because of the lack of stereo separation , the audio playback does n't really come across as significantly high - grade .	audio playback	neutral
This helps to offset the non retina display .	non retina display	neutral
Then it started having connection issues with my mac ( the same mac I had used the year it worked fine ) .	connection	neutral
but , this battery , at this point , is working very well giving me over 4 hours of life .	battery	neutral
The zippers are smooth , and the nylon construction is sturdy .	zippers	neutral
The zippers are smooth , and the nylon construction is sturdy .	nylon construction	neutral
I highly recommend this little speaker , especially for the very cheap price .	price	neutral
The extra buttons make it extremely easy to navigate pages on the web .	extra buttons	neutral
The extra buttons make it extremely easy to navigate pages on the web .	navigate	neutral
There is a USB cord that once connected to your laptop , turns on the fan which keeps cool air circulating underneath .	USB cord	neutral
There is a USB cord that once connected to your laptop , turns on the fan which keeps cool air circulating underneath .	fan	neutral
The fan when running is fairly quiet .	fan	neutral
I have been using the adapter for 2 days and find it works flawlessly making a connection with the cell phone and downloading pictures .	adapter	neutral
In this case , the hard drive is pretty slow .	hard drive	neutral
I have n't timed it yet , but the battery life of my laptop is easily 10x more than it used to be .	battery life	neutral
It worked flawlessly for a couple of months ( like the last one ) and now it 's not dropping wireless connections but seems to just stop working .	wireless connections	neutral
adapter , I decided to pay the additional cost and order the more expensive PowerFast adapter for my wife realizing that I should have done that to begin with .	PowerFast adapter	neutral
DVD / CD SuperDrive really had all I needed .	DVD / CD SuperDrive	neutral
The price was good .	price	neutral
but it kept coming up as a video card I was just - about to return it	video card	neutral
Because this HDTV does so much , there is a huge amount of information to process and the manual is a bit difficult to read .	manual	neutral
I also still have the cap attached to it which is suprising .	cap	neutral
It is short , but it is great for laptop user who does not what to carry around extra cables .	cables	neutral
The form is nice , and it balances well on my lap .	form	neutral
The volume control on the media player you are using will also work .	volume control	neutral
The same excellent build quality is also in this HDMI - to - DVI - D - dual - link cable .	build quality	neutral
The same excellent build quality is also in this HDMI - to - DVI - D - dual - link cable .	HDMI - to - DVI - D - dual - link cable	neutral
The only improvement it could have had is an off / on switch so that it would n't need unplugged from the USB when not needed	off / on switch	neutral
The only improvement it could have had is an off / on switch so that it would n't need unplugged from the USB when not needed	USB	neutral
I did not have the same issues that other users were reporting about multiple drivers/ software on the disk .	drivers/ software	neutral
The keyboard is very easy to use .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is very easy to use .	use	neutral
I use mine to hold my camera , camcorder , various battery packs , chargers , USB mouse , laptop accessories , and ( yes ) even my laptop on some occasions .	battery packs	neutral
I use mine to hold my camera , camcorder , various battery packs , chargers , USB mouse , laptop accessories , and ( yes ) even my laptop on some occasions .	chargers	neutral
I use mine to hold my camera , camcorder , various battery packs , chargers , USB mouse , laptop accessories , and ( yes ) even my laptop on some occasions .	USB mouse	neutral
SanDisk Micro Cruzer drives are way too fat , Corsair Voyager Mini 4 GB drives can only be forced in at an angle next to a SanDisk Micro .	SanDisk Micro Cruzer drives	neutral
SanDisk Micro Cruzer drives are way too fat , Corsair Voyager Mini 4 GB drives can only be forced in at an angle next to a SanDisk Micro .	4 GB drives	neutral
SanDisk Micro Cruzer drives are way too fat , Corsair Voyager Mini 4 GB drives can only be forced in at an angle next to a SanDisk Micro .	SanDisk Micro	neutral
The sound quality is surprising good and it is used to play music from an SD card all night long at a low volume level .	sound quality	neutral
I can see this becoming my favorite Win 8 Laptop for daily use .	Win 8	neutral
Two of them worked fine , but the third one developed an intermittent connection after a few days .	connection	neutral
( Need to figure out how to see individual Core performance on Win 8 .	Core performance	neutral
( Need to figure out how to see individual Core performance on Win 8 .	Win 8	neutral
I got to try out the Acer Aspire One at a local Best Buy , and felt that the keyboard size was just right .	keyboard size	neutral
Blu ray blew my mind .	Blu ray	neutral
This will come in handy in those situations where audio coming over hdmi ca n't be increased and the receiving TV or projector 's analog output is too weak to drive headphones or powered speakers optimally .	audio	neutral
This will come in handy in those situations where audio coming over hdmi ca n't be increased and the receiving TV or projector 's analog output is too weak to drive headphones or powered speakers optimally .	hdmi	neutral
This will come in handy in those situations where audio coming over hdmi ca n't be increased and the receiving TV or projector 's analog output is too weak to drive headphones or powered speakers optimally .	analog output	neutral
This will come in handy in those situations where audio coming over hdmi ca n't be increased and the receiving TV or projector 's analog output is too weak to drive headphones or powered speakers optimally .	headphones	neutral
The Logitech Z Cinema speakers I normally use have much better mid - range and bass	mid - range	neutral
The Logitech Z Cinema speakers I normally use have much better mid - range and bass	bass	neutral
This is a great product at an even better price , with a few things slightly holding it back .	price	neutral
It sounds great , as good as much more expensive speakers I have sampled .	sounds	neutral
It sounds great , as good as much more expensive speakers I have sampled .	speakers	neutral
The pocket on the front is perfect fit for the external DVD drive .	pocket	neutral
The pocket on the front is perfect fit for the external DVD drive .	external DVD drive	neutral
they seem to be functionally nearly the same , come complete with hard drive , but without the eSATA .	hard drive	neutral
they seem to be functionally nearly the same , come complete with hard drive , but without the eSATA .	eSATA	neutral
However , if you are using a full - body protective case on your iPhone / iPod , it may not fit into the dock with the support adapter in place , since the fixed 30-pin connector may not plug all the way into your device .	protective case	neutral
However , if you are using a full - body protective case on your iPhone / iPod , it may not fit into the dock with the support adapter in place , since the fixed 30-pin connector may not plug all the way into your device .	support adapter	neutral
However , if you are using a full - body protective case on your iPhone / iPod , it may not fit into the dock with the support adapter in place , since the fixed 30-pin connector may not plug all the way into your device .	30-pin connector	neutral
The two fans come attached to the pad , but you can move them easily to any location of the pad you want ( with just the push of a button that 's on the fan ) , but like I said , they 're really not necessary because of how this meshpad was designed .	fans	neutral
The two fans come attached to the pad , but you can move them easily to any location of the pad you want ( with just the push of a button that 's on the fan ) , but like I said , they 're really not necessary because of how this meshpad was designed .	pad	neutral
The two fans come attached to the pad , but you can move them easily to any location of the pad you want ( with just the push of a button that 's on the fan ) , but like I said , they 're really not necessary because of how this meshpad was designed .	pad	neutral
The two fans come attached to the pad , but you can move them easily to any location of the pad you want ( with just the push of a button that 's on the fan ) , but like I said , they 're really not necessary because of how this meshpad was designed .	fan	neutral
The two fans come attached to the pad , but you can move them easily to any location of the pad you want ( with just the push of a button that 's on the fan ) , but like I said , they 're really not necessary because of how this meshpad was designed .	meshpad	neutral
So far no problems except some android apps do n't install right or do n't work at all .	android apps	neutral
it was the only one that I could find the would hold a 17 in laptop , the bag is material so that s a bummer I would have rather a better bag like leather	material	neutral
The pad itself is okay .	pad	neutral
I installed a SSD also and the battery life is phenomenal .	SSD	neutral
I installed a SSD also and the battery life is phenomenal .	battery life	neutral
While the Everki 's exterior dimensions are bigger , that 's deceiving .	exterior dimensions	neutral
It easily held the charge to play a two hour movie .	charge	neutral
I love its weight , super fast boot time and overall performance .	weight	neutral
I love its weight , super fast boot time and overall performance .	boot time	neutral
I love its weight , super fast boot time and overall performance .	performance	neutral
Rom drive I can play my CD now	Rom drive	neutral
I have an older laptop that was dragging my gigabit network down to 100meg throughput .	gigabit network	neutral
If you do n't need to be on Windows and do n't mind spending the extra bucks , go for it .	Windows	neutral
the price and quick delivery are great .	price	neutral
the price and quick delivery are great .	delivery	neutral
I suspect the hardware was originally designed with Windows 7 in mind , and Windows 8 ( which I like ) has been grafted onto a unit for which that may not have been an optimal decision .	hardware	neutral
I suspect the hardware was originally designed with Windows 7 in mind , and Windows 8 ( which I like ) has been grafted onto a unit for which that may not have been an optimal decision .	Windows 7	neutral
I suspect the hardware was originally designed with Windows 7 in mind , and Windows 8 ( which I like ) has been grafted onto a unit for which that may not have been an optimal decision .	Windows 8	neutral
This is WAY better than the original battery ( 42T4511/92P1132 ) that would only last 2 hours max .	battery	neutral
I am an avid iPad user and boy , does my screen get gross and fingerprinty .	screen	neutral
The cables are great !	cables	neutral
Chromcast is limited to those apps though so if you want to use other apps , or mirroring you are out of luck right now .	Chromcast	neutral
Chromcast is limited to those apps though so if you want to use other apps , or mirroring you are out of luck right now .	apps	neutral
Chromcast is limited to those apps though so if you want to use other apps , or mirroring you are out of luck right now .	apps	neutral
The first time I tried to play using this dock , the game launched OK , and I played just fine for a little while .	dock	neutral
The first time I tried to play using this dock , the game launched OK , and I played just fine for a little while .	game	neutral
Without this , it would be time consuming to mount & unmount the camera on top of the pre - amp each time .	camera	neutral
Without this , it would be time consuming to mount & unmount the camera on top of the pre - amp each time .	pre - amp	neutral
Design touches like the rubber , non - skid feet and ventilation , add to the appeal of the case .	Design	neutral
Design touches like the rubber , non - skid feet and ventilation , add to the appeal of the case .	rubber	neutral
Design touches like the rubber , non - skid feet and ventilation , add to the appeal of the case .	ventilation	neutral
Design touches like the rubber , non - skid feet and ventilation , add to the appeal of the case .	case	neutral
Works well .	Works	neutral
They did not write to the card , for some reason .	card	neutral
I use this for watching streaming media online , using Office applications like spreadsheets or presentations , or surfing the web .	surfing the web	neutral
At first I plugged it in to convert from my laptop 's VGA to my 50&#34 ; LCD 's HDMI .	VGA	neutral
At first I plugged it in to convert from my laptop 's VGA to my 50&#34 ; LCD 's HDMI .	HDMI	neutral
Amazon fails to mention they also include two EXTRA fan covers .	fan covers	neutral
No indicator for drive activity	drive activity	neutral
It synchs up instantly !	synchs up	neutral
The construction is leather .	construction	neutral
And the shoulder strap will be a deal breaker for some .	shoulder strap	neutral
This one works fine .	works	neutral
The other extra pocket has a great design with extra pockets and spaces inside of it , great to put pens , small notes and also the charges or a wireless mouse .	design	neutral
The other extra pocket has a great design with extra pockets and spaces inside of it , great to put pens , small notes and also the charges or a wireless mouse .	charges	neutral
The wireless is great	wireless	neutral
I have had all of the plugs filled at once , with no issues whatsoever .	plugs	neutral
We have two 2nd gen iPod Touch units at our home and this is the third case purchased .	case	neutral
Just slide the cover and push up to open the enclosure .	enclosure	neutral
I also would have liked the option for the larger 1tb/32 gb hybrid drive .	1tb/32 gb hybrid drive	neutral
The device has a good fit just like the original power adapter connector .	power adapter connector	neutral
Transcend cards in my cameras and MP3 players for quite some time and have never had any problems .	Transcend cards	neutral
The webcam is simple to use but the LED 's are quite powerful and can provide sufficient lighting in dark to make the subject visible .	webcam	neutral
The webcam is simple to use but the LED 's are quite powerful and can provide sufficient lighting in dark to make the subject visible .	use	neutral
The webcam is simple to use but the LED 's are quite powerful and can provide sufficient lighting in dark to make the subject visible .	LED 's	neutral
First bootup out of the box working fine .	bootup	neutral
So when I watch " TV " ( I have satellite service ) , I set it to " off " .	satellite service	neutral
Some brief impressions with more to follow : Pros:-well built , quiet and low power consumption .	built	neutral
Some brief impressions with more to follow : Pros:-well built , quiet and low power consumption .	power consumption	neutral
Not my liking.)- Hidden stereo speakers produce a tinny sound with no perceivable stereo separation-	Hidden stereo speakers	neutral
Not my liking.)- Hidden stereo speakers produce a tinny sound with no perceivable stereo separation-	stereo separation-	neutral
MSI has not very good support ( or should I say non - existant ) and you will have a hell of a time trying to install the drivers properly if you ever need to .	support	neutral
MSI has not very good support ( or should I say non - existant ) and you will have a hell of a time trying to install the drivers properly if you ever need to .	drivers	neutral
this charger was a great replacment it fit good and it works great to was a great buy my client was happy	charger	neutral
this charger was a great replacment it fit good and it works great to was a great buy my client was happy	works	neutral
The included stylus stays secure in the side ribbon .	side ribbon	neutral
Coupled with the rotatable connector feature , connection in any orientation is easy .	rotatable connector feature	neutral
It keeps my body cooler while isolating me from my Notebook but also gives a overall firmer support and comfort .	support	neutral
It keeps my body cooler while isolating me from my Notebook but also gives a overall firmer support and comfort .	comfort	neutral
For what it is worth , when the first power adapter stopped working , all of the data was still on the MAXTOR , but I had to wait for the replacement power source .	power adapter	neutral
For what it is worth , when the first power adapter stopped working , all of the data was still on the MAXTOR , but I had to wait for the replacement power source .	power source	neutral
I bought a 2 TB Western Digital SATA drive and after the long formatting process	2 TB	neutral
I bought a 2 TB Western Digital SATA drive and after the long formatting process	Western Digital SATA drive	neutral
I bought a 2 TB Western Digital SATA drive and after the long formatting process	formatting	neutral
The speakers are also decent and can get very loud .	speakers	neutral
The product itself looks solid and I have no complaints about the look and feel of it .	look	neutral
Therefore this mouse CANNOT BE USED FOR PRESENTATIONS .	mouse	neutral
4 inch screen , 3 lb weight and all the ports .	screen	neutral
4 inch screen , 3 lb weight and all the ports .	ports	neutral
Other than that , I have zero complaints about this keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
This charger is bigger and heavier than the stock charger that came with the computer , but as a keep - at - home spare this item works well .	charger	neutral
The computer boots fast and is a pleasure to use .	boots	neutral
The computer boots fast and is a pleasure to use .	use	neutral
And it is a strong build .	build	neutral
Of course , I just put a small weight on the wire running across my front table so it stays put .	wire	neutral
There is one zipper that opens the outside pocket .	zipper	neutral
My old ( original ) battery would not hold a charge for more than 5 minutes ; so I knew it was time to get a new one !	battery	neutral
My old ( original ) battery would not hold a charge for more than 5 minutes ; so I knew it was time to get a new one !	charge	neutral
It took a few days to get use to Windows 8 ( coming from XP & 7 ) but 8 is better ....	Windows 8	neutral
It took a few days to get use to Windows 8 ( coming from XP & 7 ) but 8 is better ....	XP	neutral
It took a few days to get use to Windows 8 ( coming from XP & 7 ) but 8 is better ....	8	neutral
Good product , good price	price	neutral
The build quality is great ; unlike other units it does n't come unplugged easily .	build quality	neutral
The handle straps are strong and the case as a whole seems well made .	handle straps	neutral
The handle straps are strong and the case as a whole seems well made .	case	neutral
By optimizing windows you can speed up the machine to more efficiently utilize the 1 .	windows	neutral
In conclusion , this is a great computer to own and all of the reports say that Asus is at the top in terms of reliability .	reliability	neutral
Therefore , this review is specifically for the CHILL PAD aka CHILL MAT .	CHILL PAD	neutral
Therefore , this review is specifically for the CHILL PAD aka CHILL MAT .	CHILL MAT	neutral
Now , I could fix it myself with glue I suppose but that would void the warranty- right ?	warranty-	neutral
Knowing that they would come I already got my old speakers home ready to connect these ones the next morning in the office ( where I can sometimes later in the day use the speakers - and on the weekend ) .	speakers	neutral
This is much more portable than the AC power supply required versions .	AC power supply	neutral
Overall , this speaker not only looks cool , but it performs well .	performs	neutral
I 'm currently trying to figure out how long the battery on it actually lasts since I 've only used it plugged in so far .	battery	neutral
This might be the result of running other operations in the background , but it took over an hour for each of these two programs to successfully install .	programs	neutral
Everything I have purchased from them has worked as advertised and was competitively priced .	priced	neutral
It charges quickly and runs for a good long time on a charge .	charges	neutral
It charges quickly and runs for a good long time on a charge .	runs	neutral
It charges quickly and runs for a good long time on a charge .	charge	neutral
( I imagine buffering and connections could change this , but works great for me .Works while plugged in and chargingOnly problem I have	chargingOnly	neutral
ha fits like a glove , It also has a pouch to store ac cord , mouse , or flash drive .	ac cord	neutral
ha fits like a glove , It also has a pouch to store ac cord , mouse , or flash drive .	mouse	neutral
ha fits like a glove , It also has a pouch to store ac cord , mouse , or flash drive .	flash drive	neutral
I suppose it does n't matter much , because its best to remove those stickers as they take away the design anyhow .	design	neutral
I use the triple flange sleeves and regularly listen to my iPod on airplanes with the volume set at about 1/8th and hear my music just fine .	triple flange sleeves	neutral
I noticed the new radios dropped $ 40 in price form $ 300 to $ 260 .	price	neutral
It is hard to pinpoint because if you unplug and re - plug the original adapter , it will generally start charging the battery .	battery	neutral
There really is n't much padding inside the case	case	neutral
It 's a long , thin base ( where the wireless handset sits ) with a place to slip your iPhone onto a charger in the upright position at the end .	base	neutral
It 's a long , thin base ( where the wireless handset sits ) with a place to slip your iPhone onto a charger in the upright position at the end .	wireless handset	neutral
It 's a long , thin base ( where the wireless handset sits ) with a place to slip your iPhone onto a charger in the upright position at the end .	charger	neutral
Just got this today at Best Buy for $ 379 and I 'm using the Adobe Suite of products , particularly Illustrator and Photoshop .	Adobe Suite	neutral
Just got this today at Best Buy for $ 379 and I 'm using the Adobe Suite of products , particularly Illustrator and Photoshop .	Illustrator	neutral
Just got this today at Best Buy for $ 379 and I 'm using the Adobe Suite of products , particularly Illustrator and Photoshop .	Photoshop	neutral
The hard drive will still spin down when you do n't want it to .	hard drive	neutral
The cases are very sturdy and fit very well .	cases	neutral
If what you need is a cordless mouse , it ca n't get much better than this._________________________________________________________________THE EXTENDED	cordless mouse	neutral
If what you need is a cordless mouse , it ca n't get much better than this._________________________________________________________________THE EXTENDED	EXTENDED	neutral
If your looking for great highs , mids and a very good sounding speaker phone I would recommend it highly , especially at ~$63 or less that I was able to pick it up for on Amazon !	speaker	neutral
Have n't been able to use the keyboard , just been able to carry around the case with the tablet inside .	keyboard	neutral
There are many many pockets on this bag and the zippers are great .	pockets	neutral
There are many many pockets on this bag and the zippers are great .	zippers	neutral
Typing on the keyboard is definitely enjoyable .	keyboard	neutral
The eyecup also helps me with smudges on my glasses , the eyepiece touches the glasses but very rarely smudges the glasses so this is great .	eyecup	neutral
The eyecup also helps me with smudges on my glasses , the eyepiece touches the glasses but very rarely smudges the glasses so this is great .	eyepiece	neutral
I have a battery of tests I run to gauge the performance of machines , and this one did about what I expected .	performance	neutral
This is not a touch screen laptop and I did not want one , but	touch screen	neutral
The VPHD is a capable hard drive .	VPHD	neutral
The VPHD is a capable hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
The touch of color could be considered a waste .	touch	neutral
The touch of color could be considered a waste .	color	neutral
The stereo microphone is a good touch and seems very clear .	stereo microphone	neutral
It will help keep your operating drive free of clutter and also add a layer of protection for your personal files .	operating drive	neutral
Since I 've read all reviews in Amazon , I knew that the presentation would be great , and sure enough , it was nothing like I 've ever seen .	presentation	neutral
bottom is cloth and comfy on lap although i have n't used it this way extensively .	bottom	neutral
The speaker is rated at up to 12 hours of playback on one charge .	speaker	neutral
The speaker is rated at up to 12 hours of playback on one charge .	playback	neutral
The speaker is rated at up to 12 hours of playback on one charge .	charge	neutral
, that has a phone app .	phone app	neutral
I do wish the Kinivo BTX180 had the option to pair two for stereo sound .	stereo sound	neutral
I think the plastic is a little on the cheap side but only time will tell in terms of its durability .	plastic	neutral
I think the plastic is a little on the cheap side but only time will tell in terms of its durability .	durability	neutral
I have used it with Skype and with Microsoft Lync .	Skype	neutral
I have used it with Skype and with Microsoft Lync .	Microsoft Lync	neutral
Sometimes the middle jack would work .	middle jack	neutral
The Nano receiver is simply awesome .	Nano receiver	neutral
Touch Screen works very well .	Touch Screen	neutral
Aside from that , it did have a strong rubbery smell to it , though I imagine that would dissipate over time .	smell	neutral
A vast improvement for virtually all applications .	applications	neutral
However , the bottom - line word here is decent sound , not fabulous , incredible sound like some of the reviewers have described this thing .	sound	neutral
However , the bottom - line word here is decent sound , not fabulous , incredible sound like some of the reviewers have described this thing .	sound	neutral
The cord is short and not ideal for computers under the desk or out of reach .	cord	neutral
- The 500 GB drive is far more space than most users need ( few people will use more than 100 GB ) .	500 GB drive	neutral
I ended up going directly to the install file on the DVD ( CD ? ) and double clicking on it from there ( explore ) .	install file	neutral
This is a nice stereo Headphone extension cord to have at home .	stereo Headphone extension cord	neutral
Size not so great if you want to get in and out of it easily , and you are also carrying a backpack etc .	Size	neutral
In fact , LowePro excels in the roller design category .	roller design	neutral
I find the polycarb actually uncomfortable after a few minutes ( and buffer the heat with a pillow ) but can use the Pro on my lap for hours .	polycarb	neutral
The unit comes with a remote , but I have n't used it so ca n't report on that .	remote	neutral
I use this adapter to transfer photos from my phones and tablet to a flash drive .	adapter	neutral
and I run a lot of programs , use wifi , and watch video pretty consistently .	programs	neutral
and I run a lot of programs , use wifi , and watch video pretty consistently .	wifi	neutral
And , of course , it 's all - black , except for the little , cute red square with the Swiss cross logo .	Swiss cross	neutral
Quote # 1 - referring to the performance difference between the standard and high end	performance	neutral
At first I really could n't think of any reason to use the pocket until I thought of storing your wallet , passports or any documents / items you want kept safe in it .	pocket	neutral
Maybe it will actually last longer than the Apple - branded battery .	battery	neutral
I ended up splicing the connector to my old frayed Apple charger .	connector	neutral
The screen still bounces when touched , but stays in place and feels solid ( so far).The laptop has a quality feel .	screen	neutral
; widescreen Toshibas).Simplistic in its design : No moving parts except for the fan and LED light on / off buttons .	design	neutral
; widescreen Toshibas).Simplistic in its design : No moving parts except for the fan and LED light on / off buttons .	fan	neutral
; widescreen Toshibas).Simplistic in its design : No moving parts except for the fan and LED light on / off buttons .	LED light on /	neutral
That will matter if you want to charge one or two devices at the same time .	charge	neutral
Many of the straps do not get used because they are covered , which really does n't effect my overall opinion	straps	neutral
But it 's worth the price .	price	neutral
Plus the gigabit does seem faster as well so far loving it on day one again Thanks Courtesy of Solteck .	gigabit	neutral
Nothing special except for the 4 GB RAM which is double what you get on most ChromeBooks and a welcome bonus .	4 GB RAM	neutral
On time , Fast Delivery , Also A Direct replcement , And AMAZON .	Delivery	neutral
since the Belkin has 2 USB ports ?	USB ports	neutral
do nt waste your money it works ok to start with then goes down hill fast and is to slowsave your money and get a batter upgrade	batter upgrade	neutral
I tried this adapter in win 7 pc and the OS did nt recognize it , then I left it ...	OS	neutral
The wire for the plug comes out the side and can block whatever plug is next to it .	wire for the plug	neutral
The wire for the plug comes out the side and can block whatever plug is next to it .	plug	neutral
Never got more than 4 bars with other products , this one is never less than 5 which has resulted in lightning quick Internet browsing .	Internet browsing	neutral
I bought this mouse to use with my laptop as the finger pad is a pain in the butt .	mouse	neutral
I bought this mouse to use with my laptop as the finger pad is a pain in the butt .	finger pad	neutral
I did not test using an external keyboard , I needed a laptop .	external keyboard	neutral
I works Great , and the fans are pretty quiet .	works	neutral
I works Great , and the fans are pretty quiet .	fans	neutral
October 12 , 2012The original battery in my HP laptop had a sticker saying , " REPLACE WITH HP SPARE 480385 - 001 " .	battery	neutral
The idea is great .	idea	neutral
If you 're not careful , you could burn yourself while its charging .	charging	neutral
but , the Windows 7 language is only in english and there are no way to change .	Windows 7 language	neutral
Short extension cord with multiple outlets- 3 HDMI cables-	extension cord	neutral
Short extension cord with multiple outlets- 3 HDMI cables-	HDMI cables-	neutral
This unit connects quickly , installs quickly from the provided Disk and operates seamlessly .	connects	neutral
This unit connects quickly , installs quickly from the provided Disk and operates seamlessly .	operates	neutral
There have been problems reported with the new trackpad and noise from the 100 GB drive ( which is an optional upgrade ) .	trackpad	neutral
There have been problems reported with the new trackpad and noise from the 100 GB drive ( which is an optional upgrade ) .	100 GB drive	neutral
You 'll have to rip all of that out to see the true speed this laptop really has .	speed	neutral
High Quality , Great refresh rate , easy softwareCons : Mic pics up pc background noise bad	refresh rate	neutral
High Quality , Great refresh rate , easy softwareCons : Mic pics up pc background noise bad	softwareCons	neutral
Also included with the speaker is a wrist strap , audio cable , charging cable , and 1 .	speaker	neutral
Also included with the speaker is a wrist strap , audio cable , charging cable , and 1 .	wrist strap	neutral
Also included with the speaker is a wrist strap , audio cable , charging cable , and 1 .	audio cable	neutral
Also included with the speaker is a wrist strap , audio cable , charging cable , and 1 .	charging cable	neutral
This feature is highly applauded ... by me at least .	feature	neutral
It looks like I will have to return the battery .	battery	neutral
Having cables like this one custom made with quality materials is prohibitive ( or time consuming , if your schedule is crammed ) so	cables	neutral
Having cables like this one custom made with quality materials is prohibitive ( or time consuming , if your schedule is crammed ) so	materials	neutral
( No NFC testing )	NFC	neutral
So I ended up trying some drivers one by one that I had not installed .	drivers	neutral
I like that it does not have to use a USB port or have moving fans that can get caught on things .	USB port	neutral
I like that it does not have to use a USB port or have moving fans that can get caught on things .	fans	neutral
It offers several little pockets .	pockets	neutral
Let me first start off by telling you that before my first Mac , which was this mac , I was a PC owner because that was what was available for my budget .	budget	neutral
I bought this surge protector to use with my laptop , which comes with 2 bonus USB hook up for charging USB devices ( some mp3 player , and cell phones , etc )	surge protector	neutral
I bought this surge protector to use with my laptop , which comes with 2 bonus USB hook up for charging USB devices ( some mp3 player , and cell phones , etc )	USB hook up	neutral
I bought this surge protector to use with my laptop , which comes with 2 bonus USB hook up for charging USB devices ( some mp3 player , and cell phones , etc )	USB	neutral
What I ca n't get to work , like Microsoft Power Toys RAW viewer , I 'll chalk up to my general lack of knowledge of Windows .	Microsoft Power Toys RAW viewer	neutral
What I ca n't get to work , like Microsoft Power Toys RAW viewer , I 'll chalk up to my general lack of knowledge of Windows .	Windows	neutral
I just let this device be alone on the USB channel now .	USB channel	neutral
I had never heard of or seen this brand before , but I was immediately impressed with the pictures of it , the specs and of course the price compared to similar models from more recognized name brands .	specs	neutral
I had never heard of or seen this brand before , but I was immediately impressed with the pictures of it , the specs and of course the price compared to similar models from more recognized name brands .	price	neutral
This causes programs to take a little bit longer to load , but once your browser or word processor boots up , there is no delay while working .	programs	neutral
This causes programs to take a little bit longer to load , but once your browser or word processor boots up , there is no delay while working .	browser	neutral
This causes programs to take a little bit longer to load , but once your browser or word processor boots up , there is no delay while working .	word processor	neutral
Whoever says these are rich in bass , are you kidding ?	bass	neutral
I play my games on FB with no problems .	games	neutral
So you get sound bouncing off the walls and you can hear it from all directions ..	sound	neutral
And , it only has a single band ( 2 . 4 GHz )	band	neutral
It came out of the box with the backing half off and covered with dust that would prevent it from sticking completely to any surface .	backing	neutral
The wi - fi internet is sort of an afterthought .	wi - fi internet	neutral
On the very top of this " lid " is another zipper to access your camera and other gear in a flash .	zipper	neutral
For example , you may find it hard to grab the scrollbars on the browser , or read small text .	scrollbars	neutral
Keys on keyboard have to really be hit to make work , this would be something Dell needs to improve on or , maybe the reason why they were less money .	Keys	neutral
Keys on keyboard have to really be hit to make work , this would be something Dell needs to improve on or , maybe the reason why they were less money .	keyboard	neutral
My micro card fits , the transfer rate is nothing special but I use it as one of my backup drives , so speed is n't really important .	micro card	neutral
My micro card fits , the transfer rate is nothing special but I use it as one of my backup drives , so speed is n't really important .	transfer rate	neutral
My micro card fits , the transfer rate is nothing special but I use it as one of my backup drives , so speed is n't really important .	speed	neutral
Great customer service .	customer service	neutral
For this reason of quality , I seek out your brand name over all others at Amazon .	quality	neutral
Anyways , I would highly recommend getting a Macbook with at least an i5 processor .	i5 processor	neutral
Even now , whenever my hand hoovers over the mouse pad , the typing tool gets navigated to a different location , so I have to keep putting it back to where I am typing ( if you have to write a lot , this keypad will annoy the heck out of you ) .	mouse pad	neutral
Even now , whenever my hand hoovers over the mouse pad , the typing tool gets navigated to a different location , so I have to keep putting it back to where I am typing ( if you have to write a lot , this keypad will annoy the heck out of you ) .	typing tool	neutral
Even now , whenever my hand hoovers over the mouse pad , the typing tool gets navigated to a different location , so I have to keep putting it back to where I am typing ( if you have to write a lot , this keypad will annoy the heck out of you ) .	keypad	neutral
This is a repeat problem with every one of their cords .	cords	neutral
Let 's face it , you do n't buy a MacBook Air , so you can buy a huge case , you get the Air because it 's light and portable .	case	neutral
A VERY GOOD PRICE .	PRICE	neutral
USB 2 . 0 is n't slow , but not quite as fast as firewire .	USB 2 . 0	neutral
USB 2 . 0 is n't slow , but not quite as fast as firewire .	firewire	neutral
Easy to set up and use , this relatively small speaker connects either through Bluetooth or cable ( included ) .	set up	neutral
Easy to set up and use , this relatively small speaker connects either through Bluetooth or cable ( included ) .	use	neutral
and I really like the two , larger interior zippered pockets that keep my important items in place and a little more protected .	interior	neutral
and I really like the two , larger interior zippered pockets that keep my important items in place and a little more protected .	zippered pockets	neutral
They are all going to cost from 0 . 01 to $ 1 . 00	cost	neutral
I asked for just the headset to be repaired , and they sent me an entire brand new headset , charger , etc ....	headset	neutral
I asked for just the headset to be repaired , and they sent me an entire brand new headset , charger , etc ....	headset	neutral
I asked for just the headset to be repaired , and they sent me an entire brand new headset , charger , etc ....	charger	neutral
The price was excellent , the shipping fast , and the set - up easy .	price	neutral
The price was excellent , the shipping fast , and the set - up easy .	shipping	neutral
The price was excellent , the shipping fast , and the set - up easy .	set - up	neutral
The fans do n't like they push THAT much air , but it does feel pretty cool under there .	fans	neutral
It does everything I intended for it , but since I 'm starting to get into high - performance software , I need to get high - performance hardware .	performance hardware	neutral
It is not a full size keyboard too small to type with but great to hand peck at it .	keyboard	neutral
This may be because they take longer to appear , but I 'm hoping it is because the keys are n't actually high enough to touch the screen when the laptop is closed .	keys	neutral
This may be because they take longer to appear , but I 'm hoping it is because the keys are n't actually high enough to touch the screen when the laptop is closed .	screen	neutral
The UX31E has good performance ( although it strikes me as underwhelming for an i7 with 256Gb in SSD , which is what I ordered ) , decent battery life ( video and dimmed screen will give you under 5 hours ) , a nice screen , a palatable keyboard , a reasonable although by no means comprehensive set of ports , and an infuriating track pad that causes your typing to jump around .	performance	neutral
The UX31E has good performance ( although it strikes me as underwhelming for an i7 with 256Gb in SSD , which is what I ordered ) , decent battery life ( video and dimmed screen will give you under 5 hours ) , a nice screen , a palatable keyboard , a reasonable although by no means comprehensive set of ports , and an infuriating track pad that causes your typing to jump around .	i7	neutral
The UX31E has good performance ( although it strikes me as underwhelming for an i7 with 256Gb in SSD , which is what I ordered ) , decent battery life ( video and dimmed screen will give you under 5 hours ) , a nice screen , a palatable keyboard , a reasonable although by no means comprehensive set of ports , and an infuriating track pad that causes your typing to jump around .	256Gb	neutral
The UX31E has good performance ( although it strikes me as underwhelming for an i7 with 256Gb in SSD , which is what I ordered ) , decent battery life ( video and dimmed screen will give you under 5 hours ) , a nice screen , a palatable keyboard , a reasonable although by no means comprehensive set of ports , and an infuriating track pad that causes your typing to jump around .	battery life	neutral
The UX31E has good performance ( although it strikes me as underwhelming for an i7 with 256Gb in SSD , which is what I ordered ) , decent battery life ( video and dimmed screen will give you under 5 hours ) , a nice screen , a palatable keyboard , a reasonable although by no means comprehensive set of ports , and an infuriating track pad that causes your typing to jump around .	video	neutral
The UX31E has good performance ( although it strikes me as underwhelming for an i7 with 256Gb in SSD , which is what I ordered ) , decent battery life ( video and dimmed screen will give you under 5 hours ) , a nice screen , a palatable keyboard , a reasonable although by no means comprehensive set of ports , and an infuriating track pad that causes your typing to jump around .	screen	neutral
The UX31E has good performance ( although it strikes me as underwhelming for an i7 with 256Gb in SSD , which is what I ordered ) , decent battery life ( video and dimmed screen will give you under 5 hours ) , a nice screen , a palatable keyboard , a reasonable although by no means comprehensive set of ports , and an infuriating track pad that causes your typing to jump around .	screen	neutral
The UX31E has good performance ( although it strikes me as underwhelming for an i7 with 256Gb in SSD , which is what I ordered ) , decent battery life ( video and dimmed screen will give you under 5 hours ) , a nice screen , a palatable keyboard , a reasonable although by no means comprehensive set of ports , and an infuriating track pad that causes your typing to jump around .	keyboard	neutral
The UX31E has good performance ( although it strikes me as underwhelming for an i7 with 256Gb in SSD , which is what I ordered ) , decent battery life ( video and dimmed screen will give you under 5 hours ) , a nice screen , a palatable keyboard , a reasonable although by no means comprehensive set of ports , and an infuriating track pad that causes your typing to jump around .	ports	neutral
The UX31E has good performance ( although it strikes me as underwhelming for an i7 with 256Gb in SSD , which is what I ordered ) , decent battery life ( video and dimmed screen will give you under 5 hours ) , a nice screen , a palatable keyboard , a reasonable although by no means comprehensive set of ports , and an infuriating track pad that causes your typing to jump around .	track pad	neutral
The result of this is that it 's too easy for ones palms to inadvertently touch the pad while typing .	pad	neutral
Disappointed and wished I would have sprung for the original HP battery instead .	battery	neutral
The devices believe they are on wall outlet power when connected via the adapter and this cable .	wall outlet power	neutral
The devices believe they are on wall outlet power when connected via the adapter and this cable .	adapter	neutral
The screen is really great for the price - not only HD , but LED to boot .	screen	neutral
The screen is really great for the price - not only HD , but LED to boot .	price	neutral
The screen is really great for the price - not only HD , but LED to boot .	HD	neutral
The screen is really great for the price - not only HD , but LED to boot .	boot	neutral
I have tried on many occasions to hold down the home button on the iPhone only to have the response beep be silent or come through the Moshi handset .	home button	neutral
Instead of weird Bluetooth earbuds with heavy batteries hanging in my ear , I clip this to my waist and wear whatever headphones I want ( the buds that it comes with are not terrible ) .	batteries	neutral
Instead of weird Bluetooth earbuds with heavy batteries hanging in my ear , I clip this to my waist and wear whatever headphones I want ( the buds that it comes with are not terrible ) .	headphones	neutral
Instead of weird Bluetooth earbuds with heavy batteries hanging in my ear , I clip this to my waist and wear whatever headphones I want ( the buds that it comes with are not terrible ) .	buds	neutral
This is a much better idea for transporting because the drive is protected in the case .	drive	neutral
This is an amazing laptop with a super bright screen , and amazing battery life .	screen	neutral
This is an amazing laptop with a super bright screen , and amazing battery life .	battery life	neutral
If I was going to do a lot of keyboarding , I think I would look at the Acer or Dell netbooks .	keyboarding	neutral
PS- The charger is labeled as 19 .	charger	neutral
It has n't failed or disappointed in its performance ; and it runs considerably faster , even loaded with my preferred software ( MS Office suite and five troubleshooting / maintenance programs ) than my former laptop , an IBM R50e .	performance	neutral
It has n't failed or disappointed in its performance ; and it runs considerably faster , even loaded with my preferred software ( MS Office suite and five troubleshooting / maintenance programs ) than my former laptop , an IBM R50e .	runs	neutral
It has n't failed or disappointed in its performance ; and it runs considerably faster , even loaded with my preferred software ( MS Office suite and five troubleshooting / maintenance programs ) than my former laptop , an IBM R50e .	software	neutral
It has n't failed or disappointed in its performance ; and it runs considerably faster , even loaded with my preferred software ( MS Office suite and five troubleshooting / maintenance programs ) than my former laptop , an IBM R50e .	MS Office suite	neutral
She loves using the Anker BT keyboard too and like the & # 34;feel&#34 ; for fast tough typing taking notes at meetings or working in away travel situations .	Anker BT keyboard	neutral
And entering a question mark is even more difficult , since that key is even smaller than the right shift - and they 're both next to each other !	key	neutral
The previous one failed due to a bad zipper , and the one before that , which lasted 4 years , developed a split seam at the bottom of a front pocket .	zipper	neutral
The previous one failed due to a bad zipper , and the one before that , which lasted 4 years , developed a split seam at the bottom of a front pocket .	seam	neutral
While the xbox can show play your mp3s and photos on your high definition TV ( which look fantastic ) , there are some pretty severe restrictions on how the xbox can do that , even with the 20 GB HDD installed .	20 GB HDD	neutral
I use a mouse and it works great .	mouse	neutral
Other than these three events , the map data has been spot on .	map	neutral
It is a cover for the Apple Wireless Keyboard and I can definitely see a use case for it if you are travelling with your iPad and a keyboard ...	Apple Wireless Keyboard	neutral
It is a cover for the Apple Wireless Keyboard and I can definitely see a use case for it if you are travelling with your iPad and a keyboard ...	keyboard	neutral
Samsung thought of everything on this device , including a 2-megapixel HD front webcam and 8-megapixel HD back webcam .	HD front webcam	neutral
Samsung thought of everything on this device , including a 2-megapixel HD front webcam and 8-megapixel HD back webcam .	HD back webcam	neutral
it works with my Dell , but this is the type of construction that makes me wary that it will start a fire .	construction	neutral
Decided to get the case to help protect the exterior .	case	neutral
Decided to get the case to help protect the exterior .	exterior	neutral
In addition to the handles , it comes with a fairly sturdy shoulder strap as well as sufficient additional pocket storage for her power brick and accessories without adding unnecessary bulk nor weight .	handles	neutral
In addition to the handles , it comes with a fairly sturdy shoulder strap as well as sufficient additional pocket storage for her power brick and accessories without adding unnecessary bulk nor weight .	shoulder strap	neutral
In addition to the handles , it comes with a fairly sturdy shoulder strap as well as sufficient additional pocket storage for her power brick and accessories without adding unnecessary bulk nor weight .	power brick	neutral
the price was great and now my wife wants one lol .	price	neutral
I purchased a 14 " notebook and wanted a case or sleeve to put it in when I travel .	sleeve	neutral
And the price definitely beats the small fortune I would have had to pay for the same thing at Radio Shack !	price	neutral
The case does n't open up all the way and fold out like a suitcase .	case	neutral
I have a lower usb access which is within 3 or so inches from my desk .	usb access	neutral
Complete with lapdesk w/ retractable mouse pad , Wireless Mouse w/ darklight , Solar + Wireless Keyboard , and an Power - hungry laptop to suit my Entertainment needs .	mouse pad	neutral
Complete with lapdesk w/ retractable mouse pad , Wireless Mouse w/ darklight , Solar + Wireless Keyboard , and an Power - hungry laptop to suit my Entertainment needs .	Wireless Mouse	neutral
Complete with lapdesk w/ retractable mouse pad , Wireless Mouse w/ darklight , Solar + Wireless Keyboard , and an Power - hungry laptop to suit my Entertainment needs .	Solar	neutral
It has a better sound than my Gateway Laptop speakers and the price , convenience , portability and rechargeabilty are fantastic .	sound	neutral
It has a better sound than my Gateway Laptop speakers and the price , convenience , portability and rechargeabilty are fantastic .	price	neutral
It has a better sound than my Gateway Laptop speakers and the price , convenience , portability and rechargeabilty are fantastic .	convenience	neutral
It has a better sound than my Gateway Laptop speakers and the price , convenience , portability and rechargeabilty are fantastic .	portability	neutral
It has a better sound than my Gateway Laptop speakers and the price , convenience , portability and rechargeabilty are fantastic .	rechargeabilty	neutral
The included software allows you to make partitions for both your Mac and Windows PC .	included software	neutral
I suspect this is more a problem inherent to this make / model of hard disk .	hard disk	neutral
This blows the vent air at your mouse hand if you are a righty and using an external mouse .	external mouse	neutral
Simply remove the screw from the faceplate , put this device over the top of the face plate , and screw it in .	faceplate	neutral
Simply remove the screw from the faceplate , put this device over the top of the face plate , and screw it in .	face plate	neutral
If I could give this antenna zero stars I would .	antenna	neutral
Works great on my Dell XPS and Latitude tablets .	Works	neutral
A number of other ExpressCard devices ( such as some ExpressCard SSDs and certain media readers ) will crash the system if inserted hot .	ExpressCard devices	neutral
A number of other ExpressCard devices ( such as some ExpressCard SSDs and certain media readers ) will crash the system if inserted hot .	ExpressCard SSDs	neutral
A number of other ExpressCard devices ( such as some ExpressCard SSDs and certain media readers ) will crash the system if inserted hot .	system	neutral
Samsung M471B5273DH0-CH9 4 GB	4 GB	neutral
I used this cable to connect my PC to the TV via the DVI port from my intergrated graphics ( Intel Core-5 3570k ) and my main monitor via my GeForce 450 .	DVI port	neutral
I used this cable to connect my PC to the TV via the DVI port from my intergrated graphics ( Intel Core-5 3570k ) and my main monitor via my GeForce 450 .	GeForce 450	neutral
The two deciding factors for me were that I did n't want to pay extra for bluetooth	bluetooth	neutral
Outlook Express apparently is one , in which it will only scroll vertically .	Outlook Express	neutral
After testing the monitor on monitor testing sites , I 'm not entirely sure how much of a difference the advertised 2ms response time makes .	monitor	neutral
After testing the monitor on monitor testing sites , I 'm not entirely sure how much of a difference the advertised 2ms response time makes .	2ms response time	neutral
Pros- well built , well made , I would not say with high quality materials because the cable itself has some generic writing on it , which makes looks little bit & # 34;cheap - ish.&#34;Neutral-	built	neutral
Pros- well built , well made , I would not say with high quality materials because the cable itself has some generic writing on it , which makes looks little bit & # 34;cheap - ish.&#34;Neutral-	materials	neutral
Pros- well built , well made , I would not say with high quality materials because the cable itself has some generic writing on it , which makes looks little bit & # 34;cheap - ish.&#34;Neutral-	cable	neutral
It tracks perfectly even on some glossy surfaces that gave my old V220 and another Kensington mouse problems .	tracks	neutral
The USB ports will all charge your phone even while the laptop is sleeping or shutdown , although I noticed that the USB 3 . 0 port power is interrupted for a second if you close the lid to put it to sleep .	USB ports	neutral
The USB ports will all charge your phone even while the laptop is sleeping or shutdown , although I noticed that the USB 3 . 0 port power is interrupted for a second if you close the lid to put it to sleep .	USB 3 . 0 port power	neutral
Might try to upgrade to Firefox 3 , but those linux instructions !	Firefox 3	neutral
Slide a latch and the optical drive will slide out ... you can then slide this unit in and have more space with out removing the internal hard drive .	optical drive	neutral
Slide a latch and the optical drive will slide out ... you can then slide this unit in and have more space with out removing the internal hard drive .	internal hard drive	neutral
The glasses are tweak - able after downloading an elusive program they have hidden on their site .	glasses	neutral
The glasses are tweak - able after downloading an elusive program they have hidden on their site .	program	neutral
32 gb and no keyboard then went up to $ 599 and $ 699 .	keyboard	neutral
It fits best with no keyboard attached .	keyboard	neutral
There is no lag , or motion blur on it .	motion	neutral
The best products I 've seen manufactured ( hard case ) for the Macbook Pro , Retina display .	hard case	neutral
Sometimes a little laggy on the controls , but does the trick .	controls	neutral
It takes some time for Win 7 Media to configure and find channels , once set up , works best .	Win 7 Media	neutral
Interesting Asus design decision - relying on tape to ensure its flagship laptops power on .	design	neutral
Or I would go to scroll the scrollbar and it would n't budge and you 'd have to smack it harder for it to move .	scrollbar	neutral
Overall , I 'm pleased with the combination of good quality and striking good looks .	quality	neutral
Overall , I 'm pleased with the combination of good quality and striking good looks .	looks	neutral
I 've had this case since my first 500 GB passport SEUSB 2 . 0 external drive .	500 GB passport	neutral
I currently work on a small island with BAD internet .	internet	neutral
I purchased this product because I needed an external DVD re - writer with LightScribe capabilities .	external DVD re - writer	neutral
I purchased this product because I needed an external DVD re - writer with LightScribe capabilities .	LightScribe	neutral
It 's a really nice case , but that 's the trouble with new computers and fractional screen sizes .	case	neutral
It 's a really nice case , but that 's the trouble with new computers and fractional screen sizes .	screen sizes	neutral
The one thing I would like to see is a slot or place to put my business card under the pouch flap .	pouch flap	neutral
It does n't have a lot of color	color	neutral
was combined with a new battery also .	battery	neutral
If only they had installed high quality fans , this would be a nearly perfect laptop stand .	fans	neutral
If only they had installed high quality fans , this would be a nearly perfect laptop stand .	stand	neutral
I had to find and buy a different cable .	cable	neutral
Have to remove old faceplate on outlet if you want a flush finish .	faceplate	neutral
Have to remove old faceplate on outlet if you want a flush finish .	finish	neutral
The craftsmanship of this laptop looks great , but after looking at it closely ( after having it for couple of days now , ) it seems like the opposite .	craftsmanship	neutral
On the upside , this offers a lot of protection as it 's almost like an air sleeve .	protection	neutral
The fit and finish are fine .	finish	neutral
This is with screen brightness around 65 % which for me is adequate for note taking / light browsing .	screen brightness	neutral
This is with screen brightness around 65 % which for me is adequate for note taking / light browsing .	browsing	neutral
Pens sit horizontal rather than vertical which avoids stress on them .	Pens	neutral
This is how I have my EQ set and it has enough bass to not be overpowering and the mids and highs have astonishing quality .	bass	neutral
This is how I have my EQ set and it has enough bass to not be overpowering and the mids and highs have astonishing quality .	mids	neutral
There are n't many good power supplies that offer what the RG630 does for this cheap , so it 's a bargain .	power supplies	neutral
but I prefer the feel of the keyboard sans cover , so your choice whether or not to actually use it .	keyboard sans cover	neutral
Sure enough , one module was bad .	module	neutral
For $ 7 , I do n't have to think about moving a charger around , and I have a spare when the original craps out , which it did after a year .	charger	neutral
the pairing process took less than 1 minute and it was really easy .	pairing process	neutral
I purchased the black version with red stripes on the sides , and I must say that this is the best looking mouse that I have ever owned .	mouse	neutral
Weaknesses : Only 10X optical zoom ; Low Light Performance ; Weak Stabilizer ;	optical zoom	neutral
Weaknesses : Only 10X optical zoom ; Low Light Performance ; Weak Stabilizer ;	Performance	neutral
Weaknesses : Only 10X optical zoom ; Low Light Performance ; Weak Stabilizer ;	Stabilizer	neutral
So far the case has been very rugged and durable , with no issues whatsoever .	case	neutral
My Laptop used to warn me when my battery was down to 13 % .	battery	neutral
What 's strange is that the resolution in VMWARE Fusion would go past 1280x800 without actually having to scroll off the screen .	resolution	neutral
What 's strange is that the resolution in VMWARE Fusion would go past 1280x800 without actually having to scroll off the screen .	VMWARE Fusion	neutral
What 's strange is that the resolution in VMWARE Fusion would go past 1280x800 without actually having to scroll off the screen .	screen	neutral
It remains to be seen if it has the durability for daily long - term use .	durability	neutral
Pros:- Good simple efficient design.- Substantial padding and good quality	design.-	neutral
Pros:- Good simple efficient design.- Substantial padding and good quality	padding	neutral
It works wonderfully .	works	neutral
I used it on a Canonet 28 which take a PX625 battery , the weincell one was actually a bit smaller than the original mercury one	battery	neutral
6h with minimum light , very nice imaodesignlaptop looks amazing , very thing and cool , looks like ultrabookheatonly on one side , and very heat , i mean a lot when you do heavy stuff , other than that it is cool below and on the keyboard , so hot area is	imaodesignlaptop	neutral
6h with minimum light , very nice imaodesignlaptop looks amazing , very thing and cool , looks like ultrabookheatonly on one side , and very heat , i mean a lot when you do heavy stuff , other than that it is cool below and on the keyboard , so hot area is	keyboard	neutral
Only two lines on aux jack ( three lines is the " best quality " but I 'm really not sure how important that is for a speaker this small-	aux jack	neutral
I am using this on my home theater to convert component from an Xbox and VGA from a laptop , that i 'm using with Windows Media Center , and convert them to HDMI for my projector .	Windows Media Center	neutral
I am using this on my home theater to convert component from an Xbox and VGA from a laptop , that i 'm using with Windows Media Center , and convert them to HDMI for my projector .	HDMI	neutral
For it 's size , it is a decent grab - and - go speaker to plug your phone or mp3 player into , without having to worry about power cords or taking up much space .	size	neutral
For it 's size , it is a decent grab - and - go speaker to plug your phone or mp3 player into , without having to worry about power cords or taking up much space .	power cords	neutral
A nine year old drive should cost less than $ 48 .	drive	neutral
A nine year old drive should cost less than $ 48 .	cost	neutral
The SSD is sliced and diced into a bunch of partitions .	SSD	neutral
It has USB and an SD card port .	USB	neutral
It has USB and an SD card port .	SD card port	neutral
Apricorn HDD 's are far superior IMHO .	HDD 's	neutral
I replaced the original keyboard program with one from the Amazon marketplace .	keyboard program	neutral
I ended up really liking the appearance of the clips	appearance	neutral
I ended up really liking the appearance of the clips	clips	neutral
In comparison the Arc for the iPad is very very snug and works great .	Arc	neutral
In comparison the Arc for the iPad is very very snug and works great .	works	neutral
I also got one for my new TV to extend its life as the one it was replacing wore out	life	neutral
It 's not quite as " mini " as you might think , but it 's still small and you could surely travel with it if you wanted to ( although you very well could still need a travel adapter . )	travel adapter	neutral
The case is not as snug around the laptop as I would prefer , however it does provide adequate protection from minor bumps and bangs .	case	neutral
With all volume all the way up , it was very loud - hard to believe from such a small speaker .	volume	neutral
Pretty light but provides reasonable padding for the interior components in conjunction with the camera inserto Huge plus that the camera insert is removableo	interior components	neutral
Pretty light but provides reasonable padding for the interior components in conjunction with the camera inserto Huge plus that the camera insert is removableo	camera inserto	neutral
Pretty light but provides reasonable padding for the interior components in conjunction with the camera inserto Huge plus that the camera insert is removableo	camera insert	neutral
Hopefully this one will last as long as my VNV Tech did and still looks fine , just is nt high def .	VNV Tech	neutral
If you listen to music at low volume or sit near the speaker , this sound will be very obvious ( and possibly quite annoying ) .	speaker	neutral
If you listen to music at low volume or sit near the speaker , this sound will be very obvious ( and possibly quite annoying ) .	sound	neutral
Pack itself weighs less than 1 lbs so carrying load is completely up to the user .	carrying	neutral
I had this for over a year now , and find it very disappointing for a supposed 1W dongle -- not worth the $ 30 price .	1W dongle	neutral
I had this for over a year now , and find it very disappointing for a supposed 1W dongle -- not worth the $ 30 price .	price	neutral
I do medical transcription and these do help with clarity , enough so my employer is buying them for all of us .	clarity	neutral
Vizio has chosen to take it further by hiding the windows re - installation partition on a hidden HD as well as with proprietary obfuscating configurations , and omitting tools other manufacturers ( like asus and lenova ) provide which allow you to make images and produce an actual installation disk .	windows re - installation partition	neutral
Vizio has chosen to take it further by hiding the windows re - installation partition on a hidden HD as well as with proprietary obfuscating configurations , and omitting tools other manufacturers ( like asus and lenova ) provide which allow you to make images and produce an actual installation disk .	installation disk	neutral
I have two different dongles and this one works the best because I can be using a Bluetooth keyboard mouse and Bluetooth headset at the same time without any problem unlike the other one which skips .	Bluetooth keyboard mouse	neutral
I have two different dongles and this one works the best because I can be using a Bluetooth keyboard mouse and Bluetooth headset at the same time without any problem unlike the other one which skips .	Bluetooth headset	neutral
Yes they come with all the adapters but still !	adapters	neutral
Post - Antec , the MBP runs at 130 - 145F on average .	runs	neutral
Pairs quickly .	Pairs	neutral
If you do intensive graphics work , I would recommend the display resolution upgrade , otherwise , it is just bragging rights , for which I do n't need to pay extra .	graphics	neutral
If you do intensive graphics work , I would recommend the display resolution upgrade , otherwise , it is just bragging rights , for which I do n't need to pay extra .	display resolution	neutral
I was surprised at the quality for the cost .	quality	neutral
I was surprised at the quality for the cost .	cost	neutral
Great value , and fast shipping .	shipping	neutral
The cable is a good length and works perfectly .	cable	neutral
The cable is a good length and works perfectly .	length	neutral
Compact when folded , a snap to set up and nice looking to boot .	set up	neutral
Compact when folded , a snap to set up and nice looking to boot .	boot	neutral
maybe it is a pros though as it prevents too mush swaying of the bag while walkingNo shoulder pads to lessen the weight on the shoulderMain zipper pouch .	shoulder pads	neutral
maybe it is a pros though as it prevents too mush swaying of the bag while walkingNo shoulder pads to lessen the weight on the shoulderMain zipper pouch .	weight	neutral
maybe it is a pros though as it prevents too mush swaying of the bag while walkingNo shoulder pads to lessen the weight on the shoulderMain zipper pouch .	shoulderMain	neutral
maybe it is a pros though as it prevents too mush swaying of the bag while walkingNo shoulder pads to lessen the weight on the shoulderMain zipper pouch .	zipper pouch	neutral
The lack of pockets or pouches attached to the back panel contribute to this look , but of course the trade - off is that there are n't a lot of external , quick - access storage compartments .	pockets	neutral
The lack of pockets or pouches attached to the back panel contribute to this look , but of course the trade - off is that there are n't a lot of external , quick - access storage compartments .	back panel	neutral
The lack of pockets or pouches attached to the back panel contribute to this look , but of course the trade - off is that there are n't a lot of external , quick - access storage compartments .	storage compartments	neutral
Still , it is possible that as Google continues to update and optimize Chrome OS it will become faster .	Chrome OS	neutral
Plays games way better than equivalent machines with corei5 and no dedicated graphics card ( Intel HD chips stink	games	neutral
Plays games way better than equivalent machines with corei5 and no dedicated graphics card ( Intel HD chips stink	corei5	neutral
Plays games way better than equivalent machines with corei5 and no dedicated graphics card ( Intel HD chips stink	graphics card	neutral
Plays games way better than equivalent machines with corei5 and no dedicated graphics card ( Intel HD chips stink	Intel HD chips	neutral
There are some wonderful keys on the keyboard , which will give you direct actions on the tablet .	keys	neutral
There are some wonderful keys on the keyboard , which will give you direct actions on the tablet .	keyboard	neutral
this works great	works	neutral
The wiggle room has n't been an issue .	wiggle room	neutral
I do n't have a second lens but would imagine even another would fit in nice .	lens	neutral
( The fact that my unit has T - mobile incorporated in no way interferes with Wi - fi usage .	T - mobile	neutral
( The fact that my unit has T - mobile incorporated in no way interferes with Wi - fi usage .	Wi - fi usage	neutral
One drawback as mentioned : do n't close the laptop with the speaker attached or it flies off .	speaker	neutral
It works fine if you install the OS separatelly because it was sold with a lot of software that just slows down the computer .	OS	neutral
It works fine if you install the OS separatelly because it was sold with a lot of software that just slows down the computer .	software	neutral
so I did not need a top of the line laptop loaded with bells and whistles and lots of great features .	features	neutral
The very large cloth is definitely the best , I prefer to have those to the smaller ones even for smaller eyeglasses.-D	cloth	neutral
The audio took a lot more tinkering to get the ports configured correctly on both my desktop and the monitor ( which needs to be told to use the separate audio port ) .	audio	neutral
The audio took a lot more tinkering to get the ports configured correctly on both my desktop and the monitor ( which needs to be told to use the separate audio port ) .	ports	neutral
The audio took a lot more tinkering to get the ports configured correctly on both my desktop and the monitor ( which needs to be told to use the separate audio port ) .	audio port	neutral
The screen is horrible to look at .	screen	neutral
The screen is horrible to look at .	look	neutral
You 'll also want to play around with some of the other settings in this dialog along with the Bamboo settings to get things working better .	settings	neutral
You 'll also want to play around with some of the other settings in this dialog along with the Bamboo settings to get things working better .	Bamboo settings	neutral
Unfortunately , I then tried using a USB ethernet adapter , and my phone instantly went dead .	USB ethernet adapter	neutral
It works very decently and was not so expensive .	works	neutral
Very nice micro case but	micro case	neutral
I attribute that to a temperamental touchpad more than anything elsei bought the protective sleeve but find it more annoying and do n't really use it ; also you ca n't put anything else in the sleeve because it 's so tightadding the 2nd SSD was easier than I thought , but still no piece of cake .	touchpad	neutral
I attribute that to a temperamental touchpad more than anything elsei bought the protective sleeve but find it more annoying and do n't really use it ; also you ca n't put anything else in the sleeve because it 's so tightadding the 2nd SSD was easier than I thought , but still no piece of cake .	protective sleeve	neutral
I attribute that to a temperamental touchpad more than anything elsei bought the protective sleeve but find it more annoying and do n't really use it ; also you ca n't put anything else in the sleeve because it 's so tightadding the 2nd SSD was easier than I thought , but still no piece of cake .	SSD	neutral
but with thicker dividers , only missing tripod accessory and some pockets infront .	dividers	neutral
but with thicker dividers , only missing tripod accessory and some pockets infront .	tripod accessory	neutral
Let me move on to the zippers .	zippers	neutral
plugged into a win7 64 bit machine and it found all the drivers from windows update .	win7 64 bit	neutral
plugged into a win7 64 bit machine and it found all the drivers from windows update .	drivers	neutral
plugged into a win7 64 bit machine and it found all the drivers from windows update .	windows update	neutral
Bass / SoundOverall the sound quality is good	Bass / SoundOverall	neutral
Bass / SoundOverall the sound quality is good	sound quality	neutral
From a materials and construction standpoint , the E6 is solid , and pretty close to indestructible .	materials	neutral
From a materials and construction standpoint , the E6 is solid , and pretty close to indestructible .	construction	neutral
These are not the most assertive connectors , but they function for the purpose they were designed for .	connectors	neutral
The included CD did not include any type of GUI for pairing devices , I had to do this through windows natively .	included CD	neutral
The included CD did not include any type of GUI for pairing devices , I had to do this through windows natively .	GUI	neutral
The included CD did not include any type of GUI for pairing devices , I had to do this through windows natively .	pairing devices	neutral
The included CD did not include any type of GUI for pairing devices , I had to do this through windows natively .	windows	neutral
I can fit the Logitech jack .	Logitech jack	neutral
It also runs my must - have regular windows programs on the desktop .	windows programs	neutral
Deficiency in design : Windows 8 would be made more tolerable if the screen folded all the way back so the laptop could function as a tablet .	design	neutral
Deficiency in design : Windows 8 would be made more tolerable if the screen folded all the way back so the laptop could function as a tablet .	Windows 8	neutral
Deficiency in design : Windows 8 would be made more tolerable if the screen folded all the way back so the laptop could function as a tablet .	screen	neutral
I use this with my Xbox and it is so much better when there is no wires .	wires	neutral
so if you are thinking to buy this little dongle to use it on you windows 8 let	windows 8 let	neutral
I bought it from amazon and would recommend it for anyone that needs a replacement battery for their dell laptop computer .	battery	neutral
MS likely will fix this with Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
However , the typing on this keyboard is like typing on concrete .	keyboard	neutral
I understand it is by design .	design	neutral
, It works great with my Helix docked with the keyboard and without .	keyboard	neutral
I did n't expect it to work any better than the original factory battery that only held a charge for 2 hours or so .	battery	neutral
I did n't expect it to work any better than the original factory battery that only held a charge for 2 hours or so .	charge	neutral
Includes 1 year of crash damage warranty ( from ASUS)-	crash damage warranty	neutral
It has a long , but thin cord .	cord	neutral
The card ( memory stick pro duo ) can easily be wiggled in the slot .	card	neutral
The card ( memory stick pro duo ) can easily be wiggled in the slot .	memory stick pro duo	neutral
I do n't want anything bulky , though - something that fits in my purse or small backpack , sounds good , and is easy to use are all requirements .	sounds	neutral
I do n't want anything bulky , though - something that fits in my purse or small backpack , sounds good , and is easy to use are all requirements .	use	neutral
Wishlist : I wish this bag had a tripod holder and a water bottle holder on the other side .	tripod holder	neutral
Wishlist : I wish this bag had a tripod holder and a water bottle holder on the other side .	water bottle holder	neutral
I most especially love the backlit keyboard becuz I am a nite owl , I like to type in the dark and this is just great for me .	backlit keyboard	neutral
I get the impression that this laptop is last year 's model , because it was way behind on firmware / bios updates , Windows updates , etc .	firmware / bios updates	neutral
I get the impression that this laptop is last year 's model , because it was way behind on firmware / bios updates , Windows updates , etc .	Windows	neutral
Even though Windows 7 is the biggest software product of all time , once you install Windows 8 , there 's no going back .	Windows 7	neutral
Even though Windows 7 is the biggest software product of all time , once you install Windows 8 , there 's no going back .	software	neutral
Even though Windows 7 is the biggest software product of all time , once you install Windows 8 , there 's no going back .	Windows 8	neutral
I wanted to run Visio 2013 , but ultimately had to revert back to a Windows XP VM with Visio 2010 .	Visio 2013	neutral
I wanted to run Visio 2013 , but ultimately had to revert back to a Windows XP VM with Visio 2010 .	Windows XP VM	neutral
NO LONGER CHARGES BATTERY after less than TWO months!!!. Immediately compatible with Dell Inspiron E1705 .	BATTERY	neutral
My LCD looked like a water down version of what I was seeing on QNIX .	LCD	neutral
Innergie sounds like a company interested in making us happy with their power supply items and I commend them for doing so .	power supply items	neutral
Not to mention the build quality .	build quality	neutral
Aside from a different appearance , which of course does n't matter , it works as it should .	appearance	neutral
Samsung 's recovery told me to hold volume up and then power in order to get into recovery mode .	recovery	neutral
Samsung 's recovery told me to hold volume up and then power in order to get into recovery mode .	recovery mode	neutral
As of the date of this review , Disneyland does n't offer free Wi - Fi while you 're waiting in line for a ride or for a parade .	Wi - Fi	neutral
I think originally I was able to get at least a couple hours out of the thing with a fairly intense workload .	workload	neutral
, it pulls all of the appropriate drivers and works like a charm .	drivers	neutral
The blue LED lights are pleasant to the eye without being distracting and are constant , not flashing with the sound .	blue LED lights	neutral
The blue LED lights are pleasant to the eye without being distracting and are constant , not flashing with the sound .	sound	neutral
Surprisingly enough It comes with win office , albeit , an older version , but it works .	win office	neutral
Great camera bag for this price .	price	neutral
Just something to be aware of when deciding to purchase this battery as a spare because $ 110 is not a small chunk of change .	battery	neutral
I did not return the item because as useless as the cable is it is more expensive for me to send it back than to get the refund .	cable	neutral
I bought this to have as a replacement for my original power supply to a Dell Latitude D620 ( the power cable on the original is starting to fray near the coax jack going into the PC ) .	power supply	neutral
I bought this to have as a replacement for my original power supply to a Dell Latitude D620 ( the power cable on the original is starting to fray near the coax jack going into the PC ) .	power cable	neutral
I bought this to have as a replacement for my original power supply to a Dell Latitude D620 ( the power cable on the original is starting to fray near the coax jack going into the PC ) .	coax jack	neutral
I bought this to be able to use a Bluetooth remote control app with my Android phone .	Bluetooth remote control app	neutral
The little flanges on the earbuds tend to accumulate gunk , but are easy to clean .	flanges	neutral
The little flanges on the earbuds tend to accumulate gunk , but are easy to clean .	earbuds	neutral
All I have left to do now is add another 2 G of RAM , and put Windows 7 on it , and it 'll beat any of those garbage Windows8 laptops available in stores right now :P	Windows 7	neutral
All I have left to do now is add another 2 G of RAM , and put Windows 7 on it , and it 'll beat any of those garbage Windows8 laptops available in stores right now :P	Windows8	neutral
Its small , easy to carry , and goes through airport security quicker than I can get through the metal detector .	carry	neutral
More scratch resistance of the actual case itself .	scratch resistance	neutral
More scratch resistance of the actual case itself .	case	neutral
Either do n't buy one , or pray your battery lasts forever .	battery	neutral
First thing I did after installing the ram was run apple hardware test to ensure the ram was good .	ram	neutral
First thing I did after installing the ram was run apple hardware test to ensure the ram was good .	ram	neutral
what ever your configuration is .	configuration	neutral
Then games configured to run with the 540 M will do so .	games	neutral
Then games configured to run with the 540 M will do so .	540 M	neutral
The telescopic handle is pretty unsteady , and some of its screws on top are coming loose easily	telescopic handle	neutral
The telescopic handle is pretty unsteady , and some of its screws on top are coming loose easily	screws	neutral
it works fine , no problems .	works	neutral
The Tab works well as a hot spot , and is very slick toggling between Wifi and 3 G with the latest upgrade .	Tab	neutral
The Tab works well as a hot spot , and is very slick toggling between Wifi and 3 G with the latest upgrade .	Wifi	neutral
They are small and lightRequire no external powerWork well in a wide variety of lighting conditionsCost very little compared to traditional camerasCan be used in conjunction with traditional cameras for your in - studio , YouTube or Live Streaming videosJudge for yourself .	external powerWork	neutral
The basic claim is that you can access this drive via the internet , but they fail to tell you that you need to purchase this application ( MIONET ) .	drive	neutral
Most homes users will be fine with Win 7 Premium but if you have a lot of old software you may consider getting a notebook with Win 7 Pro ( which will add a little to the cost of the notebook).Optical Drive :	Win 7 Premium	neutral
Most homes users will be fine with Win 7 Premium but if you have a lot of old software you may consider getting a notebook with Win 7 Pro ( which will add a little to the cost of the notebook).Optical Drive :	software	neutral
Most homes users will be fine with Win 7 Premium but if you have a lot of old software you may consider getting a notebook with Win 7 Pro ( which will add a little to the cost of the notebook).Optical Drive :	Win 7 Pro	neutral
Or buy a programmable remote and spend two days setting it up to run all my devices and teach it to change video source on TV and Audio source on Audio system simultaneously .	programmable remote	neutral
Or buy a programmable remote and spend two days setting it up to run all my devices and teach it to change video source on TV and Audio source on Audio system simultaneously .	video	neutral
Or buy a programmable remote and spend two days setting it up to run all my devices and teach it to change video source on TV and Audio source on Audio system simultaneously .	Audio	neutral
I also recommend an Xbox 360 Wireless Gaming Receiver with an wireless Xbox 360 controller or a wired controller to play many video games with a controller .	Xbox 360 Wireless Gaming Receiver	neutral
I also recommend an Xbox 360 Wireless Gaming Receiver with an wireless Xbox 360 controller or a wired controller to play many video games with a controller .	Xbox 360 controller	neutral
I also recommend an Xbox 360 Wireless Gaming Receiver with an wireless Xbox 360 controller or a wired controller to play many video games with a controller .	wired controller	neutral
5 drives ( IBM / Lenovo does n't even offer an ultradockoption for a 3 . 5 inch drive even though they used to long ago in the T2 series and it could still fit in an UltraBay sleeve .	ultradockoption	neutral
The most annoying thing is not having the keyboard in desktop mode automatically pop up in a text box .	keyboard	neutral
The most annoying thing is not having the keyboard in desktop mode automatically pop up in a text box .	desktop mode	neutral
I 'm not doing any major picture or video editing , so I can not comment on color accuracy .	picture	neutral
I 'm not doing any major picture or video editing , so I can not comment on color accuracy .	color accuracy	neutral
The NuForce is powered by the USB port and has no batteries or external power supply .	NuForce	neutral
The NuForce is powered by the USB port and has no batteries or external power supply .	USB port	neutral
The NuForce is powered by the USB port and has no batteries or external power supply .	batteries	neutral
The NuForce is powered by the USB port and has no batteries or external power supply .	external power supply	neutral
This is a great buy , for a low price !	price	neutral
66 DC , this processor is much better	processor	neutral
The benefits of upgrading the RAM to 16 GB outweigh the benefits of the Intel Rapid Start Technology , since the computer resumes fast ( from sleep ) without it anyway .	RAM	neutral
The benefits of upgrading the RAM to 16 GB outweigh the benefits of the Intel Rapid Start Technology , since the computer resumes fast ( from sleep ) without it anyway .	Intel Rapid Start Technology	neutral
Of course , more money will get you a better camera , but this is an awesome balance of quality , value , and versatility for any video situation .	camera	neutral
Then I started coiling the cord and putting it flat in my computer case because i was traveling .	cord	neutral
touch screen	touch screen	neutral
In view of the absolutely amazing sound this small system produces , I can forgive this small lapse .	sound	neutral
My airport card in my mac died so I got this as a cheap alternative .	airport card	neutral
I chose these in order to know where my cables where at the edge of different wooden pieces of furniture .	cables	neutral
I picked up my Macbook to move it , and found the metal plate covering the battery packs was just laying there .	metal plate	neutral
I picked up my Macbook to move it , and found the metal plate covering the battery packs was just laying there .	battery packs	neutral
The sound quality is excellent and rivals full sized stereo systems .	sound quality	neutral
This version , designed to run Linux , does not .	Linux	neutral
The video image was horrible , dark and grainy even when using the LED lights .	video image	neutral
The video image was horrible , dark and grainy even when using the LED lights .	LED lights	neutral
So , cold boot works great .	cold boot	neutral
all my devices are connected without any problems , its really nice , portable ( light ) like the fact that its slides out of the base , very affordable and got here in one piece .	base	neutral
I like having outside pockets .	outside pockets	neutral
This cooling pad was okay .	cooling pad	neutral
It is definitely made out of cheap materials , though .	materials	neutral
Now I just need to select one of my pens in the desktop software and I can see all the notebooks for that pen .	desktop software	neutral
but it 's well built and stylish looking .	built	neutral
" yes speakerS , it is just one .	speakerS	neutral
While I 'd stop short of saying it can do " anything " , as long as you 're not looking to watch high - definition video or play high - end 3D games , it will probably do what you want it to do .	3D games	neutral
Immediately when I received this cable I noted that the connections were reinforced better , the shielding of the cable was more robust and the quality of the connectors themselves was better .	connections	neutral
Immediately when I received this cable I noted that the connections were reinforced better , the shielding of the cable was more robust and the quality of the connectors themselves was better .	shielding	neutral
Immediately when I received this cable I noted that the connections were reinforced better , the shielding of the cable was more robust and the quality of the connectors themselves was better .	cable	neutral
Immediately when I received this cable I noted that the connections were reinforced better , the shielding of the cable was more robust and the quality of the connectors themselves was better .	connectors	neutral
8 sata plugs : 4 on two lines .	sata plugs	neutral
After installing the freeware in the system start tray , the background noise was greatly reduced and is now OK .	freeware	neutral
After installing the freeware in the system start tray , the background noise was greatly reduced and is now OK .	system start tray	neutral
After installing the freeware in the system start tray , the background noise was greatly reduced and is now OK .	background	neutral
Also , as another reviewer noted , the speaker does have a tendency to vibrate itself out of position if played at high volume with bass .	speaker	neutral
Also , as another reviewer noted , the speaker does have a tendency to vibrate itself out of position if played at high volume with bass .	bass	neutral
If you plan to carry an ultra portable or netbook with an 11 . 6 " screen and carry the AC adapter with it , this wo n't work for you .	11	neutral
If you plan to carry an ultra portable or netbook with an 11 . 6 " screen and carry the AC adapter with it , this wo n't work for you .	AC adapter	neutral
A handy size , reasonable price and is easy to snyc with all my devices .	size	neutral
A handy size , reasonable price and is easy to snyc with all my devices .	price	neutral
I liked the fact that the Creative T40 's had the bass and treble controls and no big brick transformer unit to power them .	bass	neutral
I liked the fact that the Creative T40 's had the bass and treble controls and no big brick transformer unit to power them .	treble controls	neutral
I liked the fact that the Creative T40 's had the bass and treble controls and no big brick transformer unit to power them .	transformer unit	neutral
When it first started playing music I just sat there with it in the palm of my hand , marveling at the technology that produces so much sound from this cute little gadget .	technology	neutral
When it first started playing music I just sat there with it in the palm of my hand , marveling at the technology that produces so much sound from this cute little gadget .	sound	neutral
I like it , but the flash card does n't slide in easily .	flash card	neutral
at + $ 400 price rage , I 'd advise looking into 14 " notebooks options listed below , to get more for your money .	price rage	neutral
ft length limits the distance to a stationary object under a desk to wrap the cable around .	cable	neutral
The build and sound have a solid feel you definitely do n't find in those $ 20 speakers .	build	neutral
The build and sound have a solid feel you definitely do n't find in those $ 20 speakers .	sound	neutral
The build and sound have a solid feel you definitely do n't find in those $ 20 speakers .	speakers	neutral
This is a second / backup computer for us , and has the ideal price and capabilities for that , plus featured enough to be the first computer if the other one goes out .	price	neutral
Apparently one of my daughters tried to insert a flashdrive into one of the USB ports upside down ( like all of us have many times before ) .	flashdrive	neutral
Apparently one of my daughters tried to insert a flashdrive into one of the USB ports upside down ( like all of us have many times before ) .	USB ports	neutral
Good item , depending on where your USB ports are it can get in the way of your screen .	USB ports	neutral
Good item , depending on where your USB ports are it can get in the way of your screen .	screen	neutral
But I personally like the blue backlight on the keyboard	blue backlight	neutral
But I personally like the blue backlight on the keyboard	keyboard	neutral
Then the next day I got home and my power had gone out , so when I turned all of the computers back on once again I had Internet on all of them , but they could no longer see each other on the network .	power	neutral
Low level formatting of the card allowed for very acceptable rapid - fire sequential still photo shooting speeds when light levels were bright enough that the flash was not needed / used .	formatting	neutral
Low level formatting of the card allowed for very acceptable rapid - fire sequential still photo shooting speeds when light levels were bright enough that the flash was not needed / used .	card	neutral
Low level formatting of the card allowed for very acceptable rapid - fire sequential still photo shooting speeds when light levels were bright enough that the flash was not needed / used .	flash	neutral
The straps are thick and comfy , though they can feel a little like they 're going to slide off your arms if you do n't have them cinched a little in toward your shoulders .	straps	neutral
First time vie used a device like this , but let me say - the install ( Windows Vista 32 bit ) was super simple , just plugged the little base station into the PC 's USB port , plugged the Adapter in the base ,	Windows Vista 32 bit	neutral
First time vie used a device like this , but let me say - the install ( Windows Vista 32 bit ) was super simple , just plugged the little base station into the PC 's USB port , plugged the Adapter in the base ,	base station	neutral
First time vie used a device like this , but let me say - the install ( Windows Vista 32 bit ) was super simple , just plugged the little base station into the PC 's USB port , plugged the Adapter in the base ,	USB port	neutral
First time vie used a device like this , but let me say - the install ( Windows Vista 32 bit ) was super simple , just plugged the little base station into the PC 's USB port , plugged the Adapter in the base ,	Adapter	neutral
It could have a touch more padding	padding	neutral
The touch sensitive volume controls and mute button are right next to the One Key Theater Button , and there is also an on - screen display that pops up when you touch one of these buttons , similar to what you would see on your television .	touch sensitive	neutral
The touch sensitive volume controls and mute button are right next to the One Key Theater Button , and there is also an on - screen display that pops up when you touch one of these buttons , similar to what you would see on your television .	volume controls	neutral
The touch sensitive volume controls and mute button are right next to the One Key Theater Button , and there is also an on - screen display that pops up when you touch one of these buttons , similar to what you would see on your television .	mute button	neutral
The touch sensitive volume controls and mute button are right next to the One Key Theater Button , and there is also an on - screen display that pops up when you touch one of these buttons , similar to what you would see on your television .	buttons	neutral
USB cable seems to fit snugly .	USB cable	neutral
The blacks are deep and dark the XBox 360 games are incredible on this unit .	blacks	neutral
The blacks are deep and dark the XBox 360 games are incredible on this unit .	XBox 360 games	neutral
-The mouse has just one button - umm .....	mouse	neutral
The stutter in the voice ( which some other reviews go on and on about ) is silly but not that annoying .	voice	neutral
I also use it on my desk and find the adjustable angle makes the laptop more comfortable .	angle	neutral
The XPad is far more unobtrusive than the products you 'll find at most office supply or department stores for laptop cooling , and I would n't trade mine for any other product .	XPad	neutral
The XPad is far more unobtrusive than the products you 'll find at most office supply or department stores for laptop cooling , and I would n't trade mine for any other product .	cooling	neutral
After all as I mentioned if Asus comes with a good price tag maybe I will re consider it	price tag	neutral
The quiet keyboard also feels nice and the touchpad is very responsive .	keyboard	neutral
The quiet keyboard also feels nice and the touchpad is very responsive .	touchpad	neutral
Multi - tasking : Easily work with 2 - 3 programs .	Multi	neutral
Multi - tasking : Easily work with 2 - 3 programs .	programs	neutral
Very light , stylish , and powers up quickly .	powers up	neutral
This Medialink bluetooth antenna is very userfriendly and intuitive to use .	Medialink bluetooth antenna	neutral
Also , if you do n't use the laptop , do n't keep the battery in the laptop .	battery	neutral
I will probably return this unit and see if my next one yield the same results and I will update once I do , but I have a feeling from prior reviews , its just the adapter has A ) incompatability with certain tvs to yield power to power the adapter and the monitor at the same timee .	adapter	neutral
It has tons of pockets , well thought out design .	pockets	neutral
It has tons of pockets , well thought out design .	design	neutral
it get stuck on the charger .	charger	neutral
wow its just fantastic , it works great ! ! ! !	works	neutral
If you are looking for a great usb powered lamp , check this one out 5	usb powered lamp	neutral
The upgrade will try to corner you into creating a Windows cloud account in order to login to your computer .	Windows cloud account	neutral
Fortunately , I was able to take my video card out of my old Dell and put it in this one .	video card	neutral
This amp now boosts up the volume and is perfect !	volume	neutral
because it is so balky , I had to stop using it after a while because the benefit of organizing a few items was not worth the bulk and extra weight .	weight	neutral
After a few hours , I built up my speed .	speed	neutral
Since most displays come with both analog and digital cables , this is a good solution to support two external displays if your laptop has a DisplayPort ( instead of HDMI ) .	external displays	neutral
Since most displays come with both analog and digital cables , this is a good solution to support two external displays if your laptop has a DisplayPort ( instead of HDMI ) .	DisplayPort	neutral
Since most displays come with both analog and digital cables , this is a good solution to support two external displays if your laptop has a DisplayPort ( instead of HDMI ) .	HDMI	neutral
It has the same resolution as my Sony , but I can clearly see the grid lines between the pixels .	resolution	neutral
The Acer access was consistently 10 Mbps and I tried everything in software to up the speed with no luck .	Acer access	neutral
The Acer access was consistently 10 Mbps and I tried everything in software to up the speed with no luck .	software	neutral
The Acer access was consistently 10 Mbps and I tried everything in software to up the speed with no luck .	speed	neutral
IT would be nice that you could choose which programs or apps should be given the priority setting of using the highest processor speed .	programs	neutral
IT would be nice that you could choose which programs or apps should be given the priority setting of using the highest processor speed .	apps	neutral
IT would be nice that you could choose which programs or apps should be given the priority setting of using the highest processor speed .	processor speed	neutral
With this cord ( which is the perfect length to attach to my TV and keep the laptop within reach ) I am able to hookup within a couple of minutes and stream anything on my TV that I can stream on my computer .	cord	neutral
Toshiba KIRA i7 is a sleek , fast , and light computer that is aesthetically beautiful but has a powerful operating system .	operating system	neutral
It is thin and the screen size it perfect not too big but not too small .	screen size	neutral
It works quickly and setup was no problem at all .	works	neutral
It works quickly and setup was no problem at all .	setup	neutral
There 's no cord , making it more compact , and the plug swivels so you can position the unit up , down , or sideways .	cord	neutral
There 's no cord , making it more compact , and the plug swivels so you can position the unit up , down , or sideways .	plug	neutral
The product description is inaccurate because the poor reception is not acceptable .	reception	neutral
Its clumsy , yes , but it keeps the laptop charging for a decent price , plus gives you 6 more USB ports and other media inputs .	charging	neutral
Its clumsy , yes , but it keeps the laptop charging for a decent price , plus gives you 6 more USB ports and other media inputs .	price	neutral
Its clumsy , yes , but it keeps the laptop charging for a decent price , plus gives you 6 more USB ports and other media inputs .	USB ports	neutral
All is well for a month or two , but then bulbs start to flicker and die .	bulbs	neutral
I bought a multi port hub to remedy that .	multi port hub	neutral
I tried checking the write - protect tab , reinserting it , and using a different computer .	write - protect tab	neutral
Now I feel better about the protection of my macbook , especially after the dog jumped on it this morning .	protection	neutral
the grip support makes it feel really solid , there are teflon pads underneath which let it glide even on an unpolished wood desk , and the buttons have a satisfying click to them .	grip support	neutral
the grip support makes it feel really solid , there are teflon pads underneath which let it glide even on an unpolished wood desk , and the buttons have a satisfying click to them .	teflon pads	neutral
the grip support makes it feel really solid , there are teflon pads underneath which let it glide even on an unpolished wood desk , and the buttons have a satisfying click to them .	buttons	neutral
I needed the connector to complete the insulation of my speaker system so if I needed to move the receiver I could easily disconnect the wire and move it .	connector	neutral
I needed the connector to complete the insulation of my speaker system so if I needed to move the receiver I could easily disconnect the wire and move it .	speaker system	neutral
I needed the connector to complete the insulation of my speaker system so if I needed to move the receiver I could easily disconnect the wire and move it .	receiver	neutral
I 've found that most of the USB adapters do better if you do n't use their software , let Windows have control .	USB adapters	neutral
I 've found that most of the USB adapters do better if you do n't use their software , let Windows have control .	software	neutral
It fits perfectly and has a bunch of nice compartments	compartments	neutral
i5 processor : 2 . 5 times the performance of the previous MacBook Air model .	i5 processor	neutral
i5 processor : 2 . 5 times the performance of the previous MacBook Air model .	performance	neutral
We will be releasing a guaranteed compatible OTG Adapter towards the end of this month."I had previously ordered a USB to micro adapter from another source , and unfortunately it did not work , I am waiting for Skytex to release their adapter	OTG Adapter	neutral
We will be releasing a guaranteed compatible OTG Adapter towards the end of this month."I had previously ordered a USB to micro adapter from another source , and unfortunately it did not work , I am waiting for Skytex to release their adapter	USB to micro adapter	neutral
With the legs fully extended the tripod reaches a height of approximately 45 . 5 " .	legs	neutral
I do n't have usb 3 on my main computer	usb 3	neutral
In fact , my Aspire One laptop resides on the bottom shelf of the coffee table and whenever friends come over , they can choose between my desktop 22 inch monitor ,	22 inch monitor	neutral
Ca n't see keys .	keys	neutral
He feels awkward using it for his photoshoots with clients , and I did n't want to get those clunky , plastic covers that you could still see through them .	covers	neutral
Goodbye!------------------------------------------------------old reviewFinally got my Prime 64 GB Amethyst Gray after preordering last Dec. 19 and i must say its worth the wait .	64 GB	neutral
cools better than the double fan any way .	double fan	neutral
Because of this I have no idea how the original software on the thing added / subtracted to it 's performance .	software	neutral
Because of this I have no idea how the original software on the thing added / subtracted to it 's performance .	performance	neutral
I am guessing that the USB power draw from the Kinamax cooling pad caused temps to increase , a counter - productive result .	USB power draw	neutral
I am guessing that the USB power draw from the Kinamax cooling pad caused temps to increase , a counter - productive result .	Kinamax cooling pad	neutral
I am guessing that the USB power draw from the Kinamax cooling pad caused temps to increase , a counter - productive result .	temps	neutral
17 inch radiance screen uses a lot of energy and this battery holds it 's own .	17 inch	neutral
17 inch radiance screen uses a lot of energy and this battery holds it 's own .	battery	neutral
6 variant of this case for my Asus t100 tablet and its attached keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Not the case with the 2 . 4 Ghz MBP with 2 GB of RAM .	2 GB of RAM	neutral
Anyway , my final thought about this ultrabook is that this is a decent ultrabook and pretty good one for the pricing .	pricing	neutral
I took the headphones out of the box and was immediately impressed with the build quality and overall style .	build quality	neutral
I took the headphones out of the box and was immediately impressed with the build quality and overall style .	style	neutral
The only caveat is that I see inconsistent performance with my Windows 8 .	performance	neutral
The only caveat is that I see inconsistent performance with my Windows 8 .	Windows 8 .	neutral
The charger cable took about 3 days to arrive & when it did , I was so excited to test it out .	charger cable	neutral
Everything runs smoothly and quickly .	runs	neutral
This is a good quality knockoff especially considering the fact that Apple has decided to torture its customers by having to buy a thousand connectors for the new versions of its gadgets !	connectors	neutral
It is a bit tight for a 10 " netbook with all the accessories , but perfect for travel without the cords .	cords	neutral
If you 're using a mouse with a trackpad or ergonomic mouse with a trackball , that 'll also fit fine .	mouse	neutral
If you 're using a mouse with a trackpad or ergonomic mouse with a trackball , that 'll also fit fine .	trackpad	neutral
If you 're using a mouse with a trackpad or ergonomic mouse with a trackball , that 'll also fit fine .	mouse	neutral
If you 're using a mouse with a trackpad or ergonomic mouse with a trackball , that 'll also fit fine .	trackball	neutral
But it works for now until I get an external flash and then no problem .	external flash	neutral
Thank you Amazon for bringing this to me for a reasonable price .	price	neutral
I find Windows 8 is better suited for tablets and phones .	Windows 8	neutral
There needs to be a bit more fabric so that these full length compartments can take something a bit thicker than a magazine such a light windbreaker or even a book .	compartments	neutral
I think mac has greatly improved their OS since the 90s .	OS	neutral
This is the second NotePal laptop cooling device that I have bought .	cooling	neutral
It is not a bad case	case	neutral
That said , make sure you know the dimensions before buying .	dimensions	neutral
I did n't buy it as flash memory for my computer , however .	flash memory	neutral
I had no problem typing on it and missing keys .	keys	neutral
The interior of the case has the space for a laptop and five small compartments - one zipper mesh and two " envelope " style with velcro flaps .	zipper mesh	neutral
The adapter is going back today	adapter	neutral
FOR LINUX Users:[1 ] I was able to install SnowLinux 11 .	LINUX	neutral
FOR LINUX Users:[1 ] I was able to install SnowLinux 11 .	SnowLinux 11 .	neutral
A single press of a buttons on the keyboard launches it .	keyboard	neutral
Ca n't see any reason to spend so much more on the LaCie .	LaCie	neutral
Raised , separated keys .	keys	neutral
I took the case apart and found it had no ventilation holes to allow the heat to escape .	case	neutral
I took the case apart and found it had no ventilation holes to allow the heat to escape .	ventilation holes	neutral
Not SSD is negative .	SSD	neutral
Cheaply made product ; I had to glue one of the antennae back to its base .	antennae	neutral
This item is great for most charging and power applications but the USB charger is only sufficient to charge small items like the iPhone , iPod , cell phones , etc .	charging	neutral
This item is great for most charging and power applications but the USB charger is only sufficient to charge small items like the iPhone , iPod , cell phones , etc .	power applications	neutral
This item is great for most charging and power applications but the USB charger is only sufficient to charge small items like the iPhone , iPod , cell phones , etc .	USB charger	neutral
i had it set up on a swivel	swivel	neutral
The instructions say you need to remove the whole case once a month and clean it so the dirt that gets inside wo nt scratch up your mac .	instructions	neutral
The instructions say you need to remove the whole case once a month and clean it so the dirt that gets inside wo nt scratch up your mac .	case	neutral
In other words they are strong inside seams and not exposed ...	seams	neutral
This battery seems to be working just as well as an original Apple battery , for about one sixth of the cost ( $ 20 vs $ 130 )	battery	neutral
This battery seems to be working just as well as an original Apple battery , for about one sixth of the cost ( $ 20 vs $ 130 )	battery	neutral
This battery seems to be working just as well as an original Apple battery , for about one sixth of the cost ( $ 20 vs $ 130 )	cost	neutral
This lens cap is perhaps the best I have ever used in 40 + years of photography .	lens cap	neutral
The top of the speaker is completely interactive , having a convenient touch screen control panel for controlling volume , play / pause and moving to the next track or the previous track .	touch screen control panel	neutral
The top of the speaker is completely interactive , having a convenient touch screen control panel for controlling volume , play / pause and moving to the next track or the previous track .	play	neutral
Maybe those complaining about volume did n't have all the PC volume controls all the way up .	volume	neutral
Maybe those complaining about volume did n't have all the PC volume controls all the way up .	volume controls	neutral
My 4 brothers all have a pair now , as well as my cousin , who were jealous of my system after hearing the quality and seeing the price .	price	neutral
Did n't find it did much for my Zip Clip with any ear phones or head phones .	Zip Clip	neutral
I was recently upgraded to Comcast 105 Mbs service download and with 20 Mbs service upload .	Comcast	neutral
I was recently upgraded to Comcast 105 Mbs service download and with 20 Mbs service upload .	service upload	neutral
I also do not think the battery holds near as long as a charge .	battery	neutral
I also do not think the battery holds near as long as a charge .	charge	neutral
On 1 GB it was hopeless , but this 2 GB kit did the trick !	1 GB	neutral
On 1 GB it was hopeless , but this 2 GB kit did the trick !	2 GB kit	neutral
My OS is Windows XP SP3 .	OS	neutral
My OS is Windows XP SP3 .	Windows XP SP3	neutral
Why pay 10 % of that price for a hood ?	price	neutral
Do n't buy coolers for MBP that stick close to the ground since they trap heat and may not help in heat dissipation .	heat	neutral
Either way I uninstalled the Bing toolbar and the anti - virus software , as well as all the garbage I did n't need .	Bing toolbar	neutral
Either way I uninstalled the Bing toolbar and the anti - virus software , as well as all the garbage I did n't need .	anti - virus software	neutral
USB adapter -	USB adapter	neutral
super easy to install ( i did it myself with no instructions ) .	install	neutral
120hz samples at 4 times and will make it look even smoother .. but you would need a giant screen to note the difference .	120hz	neutral
120hz samples at 4 times and will make it look even smoother .. but you would need a giant screen to note the difference .	screen	neutral
Being able to see the quality , the fit , color , has definitely created interest .	color	neutral
but so far the only problem I 'm having is that if I use the AVi file ( the native format it uses ) I can play it on my mac but there is no sound .	AVi file	neutral
but so far the only problem I 'm having is that if I use the AVi file ( the native format it uses ) I can play it on my mac but there is no sound .	sound	neutral
The charger itself accepts 12V input .	charger	neutral
The charger itself accepts 12V input .	12V input	neutral
Installing the Squeezebox server and some of the other apps was straightforward and easy , as is updating firmware .	Squeezebox server	neutral
Installing the Squeezebox server and some of the other apps was straightforward and easy , as is updating firmware .	apps	neutral
Installing the Squeezebox server and some of the other apps was straightforward and easy , as is updating firmware .	firmware	neutral
I thought that it will be a nice option in case if I will have to work on some bluetooth - less box .	bluetooth -	neutral
That I can live with because 99 % of the time I have access to an electrical outlet .	electrical outlet	neutral
What really set this over the top for me is the speakers .	speakers	neutral
Here 's what I 've discovered : Before , if I started to get download speeds upward of 1Mb / s , the fans would spin up and I 'd get worried it might explode .	speeds	neutral
Here 's what I 've discovered : Before , if I started to get download speeds upward of 1Mb / s , the fans would spin up and I 'd get worried it might explode .	fans	neutral
Removed the 2 GB and put the new memory in .	memory	neutral
Other than these two points , however , the VX-6000 one of the best webcams I have ever seen	webcams	neutral
I simply put the transparent protective film that came with it over the edges to smooth it so it does not catch on something and scratch the surface under my laptop .	protective film	neutral
I simply put the transparent protective film that came with it over the edges to smooth it so it does not catch on something and scratch the surface under my laptop .	edges	neutral
Extra long chord .	chord	neutral
But I cracked it open like an egg after I called the company .	company	neutral
The same reviewer also stated that the usb cord was too long , but I found it just perfect for my 12 . 1 " laptop ( only has usb ports on the sides ) .	usb cord	neutral
The same reviewer also stated that the usb cord was too long , but I found it just perfect for my 12 . 1 " laptop ( only has usb ports on the sides ) .	usb ports	neutral
Micca Store is also on the list	Micca Store	neutral
I found that I ghetto rig my cable management in my Corsair 500R case in order to get the 8 pin CPU power cable to reach the top of the ASUS P8Z68-V Pro board .	cable management	neutral
I found that I ghetto rig my cable management in my Corsair 500R case in order to get the 8 pin CPU power cable to reach the top of the ASUS P8Z68-V Pro board .	8 pin CPU power cable	neutral
, I 'm thinking about spending another $ 300 on a solid state drive .	solid state drive	neutral
Keep in mind that this was the LCD screen	LCD screen	neutral
That then brought up the setup .	setup	neutral
1 Broadcom CorpiProduct 2 BCM20702A0iSerial	Broadcom CorpiProduct	neutral
It has been over 6 months and it is still going strong , just as powerful as the OEM battery that it came with .	battery	neutral
too much crapware installed out of the boxConsHard drive went badBad video driver ( explained below )	drive	neutral
too much crapware installed out of the boxConsHard drive went badBad video driver ( explained below )	video driver	neutral
8 zoom , fisheye , 24 - 70 , pro flash , extra batteries and CF cards .	batteries	neutral
The gestures all work fine for me .	gestures	neutral
Just had to replace the cord to connect the MP3 player .	cord	neutral
Just had to replace the cord to connect the MP3 player .	MP3 player	neutral
I 'm using a pair of these SiliconDust tuners for the ability to record four channels at the same time on one Mac Mini .	SiliconDust tuners	neutral
The rechargeable lithium - ion battery is rated for 8 hours .	rechargeable lithium - ion battery	neutral
It has a flat base that sits securely on flat surfaces by itself .	base	neutral
This 16 " sleeve fits my 15 .	16 " sleeve	neutral
It is actually a great feature in order to know that your device is charging and how much charge the device has left .	feature	neutral
It is actually a great feature in order to know that your device is charging and how much charge the device has left .	charging	neutral
It is actually a great feature in order to know that your device is charging and how much charge the device has left .	charge	neutral
Better than I expected from such small speakers .	speakers	neutral
Moreover , the lack of driver support on Windows 7 equates to a very poor , broken gaming experience on Windows 8 notebooks .	driver support	neutral
Moreover , the lack of driver support on Windows 7 equates to a very poor , broken gaming experience on Windows 8 notebooks .	Windows 7	neutral
Moreover , the lack of driver support on Windows 7 equates to a very poor , broken gaming experience on Windows 8 notebooks .	gaming	neutral
Moreover , the lack of driver support on Windows 7 equates to a very poor , broken gaming experience on Windows 8 notebooks .	Windows	neutral
Works extremely well C :	Works	neutral
The COREL software Painter Essentials 4 . 0 has bugs in it - the slide draw disappears when used , the brushes do not work right and the update does not seem to fix any of this.(again	COREL software Painter Essentials 4 . 0	neutral
The COREL software Painter Essentials 4 . 0 has bugs in it - the slide draw disappears when used , the brushes do not work right and the update does not seem to fix any of this.(again	slide draw	neutral
The COREL software Painter Essentials 4 . 0 has bugs in it - the slide draw disappears when used , the brushes do not work right and the update does not seem to fix any of this.(again	brushes	neutral
I purchased this kit to replace a periodically unreliable 5Ghz N network bridge .	5Ghz N network bridge	neutral
and I do n't love the button placementI like the fact that you can use this tablet as a trackpad .	button placementI	neutral
and I do n't love the button placementI like the fact that you can use this tablet as a trackpad .	trackpad	neutral
I prefer to use the pen and switch it between mouse and pen mode ( there 's lots of ways how you can customize the tablet 's functions ) .	pen	neutral
I prefer to use the pen and switch it between mouse and pen mode ( there 's lots of ways how you can customize the tablet 's functions ) .	mouse	neutral
I prefer to use the pen and switch it between mouse and pen mode ( there 's lots of ways how you can customize the tablet 's functions ) .	pen mode	neutral
There are many other items that you can use in place of a zipper .	zipper	neutral
With a high quality gaming headset you hear the ambiance of the game that you did not realize you were missing until you use a high quality headset .	gaming headset	neutral
With a high quality gaming headset you hear the ambiance of the game that you did not realize you were missing until you use a high quality headset .	headset	neutral
Also , the volume needed to be adjusted way down , so I recommend installing with your stereo / amp / headset turned way down or off .	volume	neutral
Also , the volume needed to be adjusted way down , so I recommend installing with your stereo / amp / headset turned way down or off .	stereo /	neutral
Also , the volume needed to be adjusted way down , so I recommend installing with your stereo / amp / headset turned way down or off .	amp / headset	neutral
I 've got a couple keyboard cases that save the day in that respect	keyboard cases	neutral
I 've heard walky talkies with more range .	range	neutral
because I did n't need the length , I needed the volume - reduction to balance out the speakers ) .	length	neutral
because I did n't need the length , I needed the volume - reduction to balance out the speakers ) .	volume - reduction	neutral
because I did n't need the length , I needed the volume - reduction to balance out the speakers ) .	speakers	neutral
The keyboard is relatively large and after some practice is relatively easy to type on .	keyboard	neutral
Shipping was amazingly fast .	Shipping	neutral
One of the features I liked of the first pack I ordered was the adjusters on the shoulder straps .	features	neutral
One of the features I liked of the first pack I ordered was the adjusters on the shoulder straps .	adjusters	neutral
One of the features I liked of the first pack I ordered was the adjusters on the shoulder straps .	shoulder straps	neutral
So have this in mind if you plan to plug such energy hunger devices to buy the 5V Adapter .	5V Adapter	neutral
from my experience buying a monitor screen this seller was great .	monitor screen	neutral
.... there is the exact image of my Nexus on the large screen .	screen	neutral
One hint : right click on the " speaker " icon ( Windows 7 ) , click on " playback devices " , right click in the " playback " window and checkmark " show disconnected devices " and " show disabled devices " if they are n't already .	speaker " icon	neutral
One hint : right click on the " speaker " icon ( Windows 7 ) , click on " playback devices " , right click in the " playback " window and checkmark " show disconnected devices " and " show disabled devices " if they are n't already .	Windows 7	neutral
One hint : right click on the " speaker " icon ( Windows 7 ) , click on " playback devices " , right click in the " playback " window and checkmark " show disconnected devices " and " show disabled devices " if they are n't already .	playback devices	neutral
One hint : right click on the " speaker " icon ( Windows 7 ) , click on " playback devices " , right click in the " playback " window and checkmark " show disconnected devices " and " show disabled devices " if they are n't already .	playback "	neutral
First of all screen , I do n't have the complain with the resolution but with the quality , The pictures wash away with slightest angle , Picture quality not even close to the $ 350 Acer laptop .	screen	neutral
First of all screen , I do n't have the complain with the resolution but with the quality , The pictures wash away with slightest angle , Picture quality not even close to the $ 350 Acer laptop .	resolution	neutral
First of all screen , I do n't have the complain with the resolution but with the quality , The pictures wash away with slightest angle , Picture quality not even close to the $ 350 Acer laptop .	Picture quality	neutral
If you are going to do heavy duty computing , I would get more memory but for email , letters , excel etc it is just fine .	memory	neutral
I have used an HDMI cable to stream ESPN and Netflix on a TV while doing homework on my laptop and it handles it	HDMI cable	neutral
But when I am on the go , it 's so easy to carry and so lightweight .	carry	neutral
The zipper is also seems to be very sturdy and high quality .	zipper	neutral
When I say a perfect fit , I also mean that there is no further space in the sleeve for the laptop peripherals ,	sleeve	neutral
Usage is breeze and smooth;(4 )	Usage	neutral
( but I have a microSD USB reader	microSD USB reader	neutral
but I guess they have to put something there because of the large screen .	screen	neutral
This is a well made cord with heavy duty connections .	cord	neutral
This is a well made cord with heavy duty connections .	connections	neutral
Now the wiring inside is exposed .	wiring	neutral
It was a waste of money , as little as it cost .	cost	neutral
The velocity is the expected .	velocity	neutral
Vista seems to be problemaic with many of these speakers , not so with the Sound Bite .	Vista	neutral
Vista seems to be problemaic with many of these speakers , not so with the Sound Bite .	speakers	neutral
Vista seems to be problemaic with many of these speakers , not so with the Sound Bite .	Sound Bite	neutral
Sound is average in class ; you 'll want headphones if you care about music , but it 's fine for YouTube videos , games , etc .	Sound	neutral
Sound is average in class ; you 'll want headphones if you care about music , but it 's fine for YouTube videos , games , etc .	headphones	neutral
Sound is average in class ; you 'll want headphones if you care about music , but it 's fine for YouTube videos , games , etc .	music	neutral
Sound is average in class ; you 'll want headphones if you care about music , but it 's fine for YouTube videos , games , etc .	games	neutral
much touted Mac browser useless for audio ? ) , and even then ca n't get fully functional display due to some Mac technicality , according to Sirius techs .	Mac browser	neutral
much touted Mac browser useless for audio ? ) , and even then ca n't get fully functional display due to some Mac technicality , according to Sirius techs .	display	neutral
much touted Mac browser useless for audio ? ) , and even then ca n't get fully functional display due to some Mac technicality , according to Sirius techs .	Sirius techs	neutral
The one negative is that the great , swiveling jack form factor gets in the way of the the plug on my Magellan GPS because it 's a little recessed such that I ca n't plug it in all the way , so it 's loose .	swiveling jack form factor	neutral
The one negative is that the great , swiveling jack form factor gets in the way of the the plug on my Magellan GPS because it 's a little recessed such that I ca n't plug it in all the way , so it 's loose .	plug	neutral
The forward and pause buttons on the remote work for Pandora .	forward	neutral
The forward and pause buttons on the remote work for Pandora .	pause buttons	neutral
The forward and pause buttons on the remote work for Pandora .	remote	neutral
The Mpeg4 movies look great when played on the 11 . 6 in screen .	Mpeg4 movies	neutral
It 's only OK because the strap kept falling off .	strap	neutral
I suspect this is the location of the video card and pushing 1080 res .	video card	neutral
Finding the BIOS menu on this thing for the Toshiba / Asus uninitiated is a confirmation that someone is just trying to piss me off , Toshiba 's instructions on BIOS access is as helpless as herpes with a single web page for " all systems made after XP/ / ... whelp hells bells Martha , that means for the last ~10 years and they have at least six different ways to try regardless if you provide your hardware ID .	BIOS menu	neutral
Finding the BIOS menu on this thing for the Toshiba / Asus uninitiated is a confirmation that someone is just trying to piss me off , Toshiba 's instructions on BIOS access is as helpless as herpes with a single web page for " all systems made after XP/ / ... whelp hells bells Martha , that means for the last ~10 years and they have at least six different ways to try regardless if you provide your hardware ID .	BIOS access	neutral
Finding the BIOS menu on this thing for the Toshiba / Asus uninitiated is a confirmation that someone is just trying to piss me off , Toshiba 's instructions on BIOS access is as helpless as herpes with a single web page for " all systems made after XP/ / ... whelp hells bells Martha , that means for the last ~10 years and they have at least six different ways to try regardless if you provide your hardware ID .	hardware ID	neutral
I 'm currently connected to a usb 3 . 0 hub so when I undock the hub , everything is left behind .	usb 3 . 0 hub	neutral
I 'm currently connected to a usb 3 . 0 hub so when I undock the hub , everything is left behind .	hub	neutral
, dvd eject button	dvd eject button	neutral
So , if you are sitting directly in front of your laptop , you get glare off of the screen , or in your eyes , or both .	screen	neutral
While it is very easy to sling the bag into position , it is quite difficult to put back on your back with any real weight in the bag .	weight	neutral
I chose the flat finish to eliminate reflections .	finish	neutral
Nice design .	design	neutral
I did install extra RAM right away	extra RAM	neutral
It was so easy to install and it works as good as my other computer hooked up to the modem which is downstairs .	modem	neutral
The ASUS software that comes with it is a little funky .	ASUS software	neutral
I do n't have it next to me to compare , but that would be the only machine that may have equaled or surpassed this one for performance .	performance	neutral
Note that all other devices in the hub were working just fine .	hub	neutral
The battery lasts around 7 hours when I run the Mac OS ( 9600 graphics card turned off ) .	battery	neutral
The battery lasts around 7 hours when I run the Mac OS ( 9600 graphics card turned off ) .	Mac OS	neutral
The battery lasts around 7 hours when I run the Mac OS ( 9600 graphics card turned off ) .	9600 graphics card	neutral
e. uninstall Microsoft ACPI , clear all power , start laptop with AC power then install battery )	Microsoft ACPI	neutral
e. uninstall Microsoft ACPI , clear all power , start laptop with AC power then install battery )	AC power	neutral
e. uninstall Microsoft ACPI , clear all power , start laptop with AC power then install battery )	battery	neutral
Other than the packaging I am pleased .	packaging	neutral
The speed and signal strength to my router are great .	speed	neutral
The speed and signal strength to my router are great .	signal strength	neutral
The feel of the touchpad is weird , because it 's textured .	touchpad	neutral
It has elastic at the four corners to hold in the Kindle .	elastic	neutral
Keyboard has also a good feel .	Keyboard	neutral
It has a few shortcomings for those of you who need a bit more performance , but this laptop ( nor any of the ultrabooks ) is designed for super high - performance .	performance	neutral
It has a few shortcomings for those of you who need a bit more performance , but this laptop ( nor any of the ultrabooks ) is designed for super high - performance .	performance	neutral
I would have ordered a regular replacement battery	battery	neutral
WinTV is very cumbersome and slow , I notice a slightly better picture with it at this point , versus WMC , but WMC 's functionality make it the preferred application .	WinTV	neutral
WinTV is very cumbersome and slow , I notice a slightly better picture with it at this point , versus WMC , but WMC 's functionality make it the preferred application .	WMC	neutral
WinTV is very cumbersome and slow , I notice a slightly better picture with it at this point , versus WMC , but WMC 's functionality make it the preferred application .	WMC	neutral
WinTV is very cumbersome and slow , I notice a slightly better picture with it at this point , versus WMC , but WMC 's functionality make it the preferred application .	functionality	neutral
WinTV is very cumbersome and slow , I notice a slightly better picture with it at this point , versus WMC , but WMC 's functionality make it the preferred application .	application	neutral
Good tactile feel when typing on the keys .	keys	neutral
It is compact and easy to cary as it has a very small usb connector that is actually stored within it .	usb connector	neutral
And for all the size , the keyboard is quite small and fiddly in feel , and off - center , because they 've added a numeric keypad .	size	neutral
And for all the size , the keyboard is quite small and fiddly in feel , and off - center , because they 've added a numeric keypad .	keyboard	neutral
And for all the size , the keyboard is quite small and fiddly in feel , and off - center , because they 've added a numeric keypad .	numeric keypad	neutral
This little guy has big sound for a small speaker and it does run for long periods on a single charge ,	sound	neutral
This little guy has big sound for a small speaker and it does run for long periods on a single charge ,	charge	neutral
Once a while , the charge LED on my laptop will keep flashing , I need to take out the battery and put back in to fix it .	charge LED	neutral
Once a while , the charge LED on my laptop will keep flashing , I need to take out the battery and put back in to fix it .	battery	neutral
I am super happy I bought the 3 year no fault warranty .	3 year no	neutral
Rounding out the compliment of ports ( on the left side only ) is Gb ethernet , FireWire 800 ,	ports	neutral
Rounding out the compliment of ports ( on the left side only ) is Gb ethernet , FireWire 800 ,	Gb ethernet	neutral
Rounding out the compliment of ports ( on the left side only ) is Gb ethernet , FireWire 800 ,	FireWire 800	neutral
I could n't play it on my dell with a core2duo and intergrated graphics , this one plays it on high .	core2duo	neutral
I could n't play it on my dell with a core2duo and intergrated graphics , this one plays it on high .	graphics	neutral
I only noticed the heavy bass in songs that have a noticeable bass anyways , but it was more noticeable	bass	neutral
I only noticed the heavy bass in songs that have a noticeable bass anyways , but it was more noticeable	bass	neutral
great way to get power to all your devices on the go .	power	neutral
The lid does not scratch easily .	lid	neutral
So , do n't be fooled into thinking that a DDR3 version of the same Netbook will outperform the DDR2 version .	DDR3	neutral
So , do n't be fooled into thinking that a DDR3 version of the same Netbook will outperform the DDR2 version .	DDR2	neutral
Constantly Windows 7 would want to update this and if it did it would make it stop working .	Windows 7	neutral
Installation is very easy .	Installation	neutral
Only thing you need a dark to black mouse pad will not work good on anything light .	mouse pad	neutral
It sets up easily in Skype but unfortunately , Skype requires a subscription of $ 10 per month or $ 5 for one session , which ended that idea .	Skype	neutral
It sets up easily in Skype but unfortunately , Skype requires a subscription of $ 10 per month or $ 5 for one session , which ended that idea .	Skype	neutral
If the bottom ends up cracking more , I would n't hesitate purchasing another from Kuzy .	bottom	neutral
I 'm sure two that with two bays some users might even opt for more storage (	bays	neutral
I 'm sure two that with two bays some users might even opt for more storage (	storage	neutral
It holds a charge for a long time .	charge	neutral
Turn on the speaker with the on / off switch in the back .	speaker	neutral
Turn on the speaker with the on / off switch in the back .	on / off switch	neutral
I think it is well designed , with a minor quirk that there is some light bleed on the bright blue LEDs .	designed	neutral
I think it is well designed , with a minor quirk that there is some light bleed on the bright blue LEDs .	LEDs	neutral
The bezel is a direct replacement part for the one installed on the Inspiron 1545 , and indistinguishable from it after fitting .	bezel	neutral
And as far as music listening goes , that 's why I have earphones or headphones and this thing has a convenient audio jack .	audio jack	neutral
I 've added another 500 gb to my Pogo storage with this little enclosure and I 'm very satisfied with the quality of this product .	quality	neutral
Finally , I took the battery out reset the laptop and would n't you know it , all was well .	battery	neutral
It means you can bump up the performance for $ 25 bucks with another stick of 4 gb ram .	performance	neutral
It means you can bump up the performance for $ 25 bucks with another stick of 4 gb ram .	4 gb ram	neutral
Windows 7 appears to be finally relatively debugged for a first release ( much better than Vista in that regard ) .	Windows 7	neutral
Windows 7 appears to be finally relatively debugged for a first release ( much better than Vista in that regard ) .	Vista	neutral
The Bad : Windows 8 .	Windows 8 .	neutral
The battery which came with my unit would not keep a charge and was very unpredictable .	battery	neutral
The battery which came with my unit would not keep a charge and was very unpredictable .	charge	neutral
The first thing you notice about the Acer AS5810TZ-4274 is it 's weight .	weight	neutral
With this little device you can expand your USB ports on your Laptop or android Table .	USB ports	neutral
The 2 main glitches : first , the speaker does n't really & # 34;seat&#34 ; when you compress or de - compress it ; that could be better .	speaker	neutral
Usually the internal fans run at full speed , and my temp monitor shows in excess of 200F.	internal fans	neutral
Usually the internal fans run at full speed , and my temp monitor shows in excess of 200F.	temp monitor	neutral
I tried installing an updated version of BlueSolieil and that could n't find the device .	BlueSolieil	neutral
Faced with either buying this or a fan speed controller , I elected to get this .	fan speed controller	neutral
Overall this is a great computer , long battery life , solid build and very stylish !	battery life	neutral
Overall this is a great computer , long battery life , solid build and very stylish !	build	neutral
July 18 , 2009I have continued to use these speakers today and the more I use them the more impressed I am .	speakers	neutral
Retina in the large sleeve and the charger , headphones , and any other accessories in the front pocket .	charger	neutral
Retina in the large sleeve and the charger , headphones , and any other accessories in the front pocket .	headphones	neutral
, it 's worth the extra couple bucks for this cable for sure .	cable	neutral
I have a 7870 graphics card and it 's long been my dream to run 4 - 5 monitors off of it .	7870 graphics card	neutral
I have a 7870 graphics card and it 's long been my dream to run 4 - 5 monitors off of it .	monitors	neutral
Screen Touchscreen , ATI Radeon HD	Screen Touchscreen	neutral
Screen Touchscreen , ATI Radeon HD	ATI Radeon HD	neutral
- it 's only for AC wall current , and the number and type of tips out of the box varies depending on when/ where it was bought .	AC wall current	neutral
- it 's only for AC wall current , and the number and type of tips out of the box varies depending on when/ where it was bought .	tips	neutral
I bought this drive right after the tsunami wiped out many flash memory factories in Japan .	drive	neutral
I bought this drive right after the tsunami wiped out many flash memory factories in Japan .	flash memory	neutral
The mode indicators are well thought out .	mode indicators	neutral
Also , it is n't completely invisible - but it will look better in the end than a device with all kinds of scratches on the glass .	glass	neutral
The trackpad is also a turn - off .	trackpad	neutral
but I 've never been great with reading installation instructions , they 're all nearly incomprehensible to me .	installation instructions	neutral
I like having an actual power button .	power button	neutral
is the fact they changedthe key board and removed the PageUP , Down , Home and End keys fromthe keyboard .	key board	neutral
is the fact they changedthe key board and removed the PageUP , Down , Home and End keys fromthe keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Grab your phone with the Chrome browser installed and you can pull that exact search tab right up .	Chrome browser	neutral
You can not beat the price .	price	neutral
Otherwise a very nice little table with beautiful color .	color	neutral
Lenovo makes great keyboards and this one is no exception .	keyboards	neutral
I also like the fact that you can attach the stylus to your iPhone ( into the headphone plug ) , thus keeping it where needed .	stylus	neutral
I also like the fact that you can attach the stylus to your iPhone ( into the headphone plug ) , thus keeping it where needed .	headphone plug	neutral
internet connections are very good and screen resolution is good too .	internet connections	neutral
internet connections are very good and screen resolution is good too .	screen resolution	neutral
What more can you say about a plug ?	plug	neutral
also no shutter lockup position for long exposure .	shutter lockup position	neutral
I was told I might encounter this type of plug in Hong Kong	plug	neutral
Given that my express card slot was previously empty , I do n't really have a problem with this , but I wish it worked at the right speed .	express card slot	neutral
Given that my express card slot was previously empty , I do n't really have a problem with this , but I wish it worked at the right speed .	speed	neutral
Overall , this is a far better solution than having to deal with the terrible Xbox wireless connection or a 50 ' cable strung through the house between Xbox and router .	Xbox wireless connection	neutral
Nice to not have to worry about a cord	cord	neutral
Bought this adapter based upon feedback of others .	adapter	neutral
Sure , the imminent new releases of both Adobe programs are supposed to rectify this problem	both Adobe programs	neutral
It arrived within a few days and works great !	works	neutral
Turns out , Vista has a certain built - in newer protocol for such networking , which XP / SP3 does not .	Vista	neutral
Turns out , Vista has a certain built - in newer protocol for such networking , which XP / SP3 does not .	networking	neutral
Turns out , Vista has a certain built - in newer protocol for such networking , which XP / SP3 does not .	XP	neutral
Turns out , Vista has a certain built - in newer protocol for such networking , which XP / SP3 does not .	SP3	neutral
If this is not an issue for you this battery is a good option for the price .	battery	neutral
If this is not an issue for you this battery is a good option for the price .	price	neutral
Small screen is actually pretty usable .	screen	neutral
I do like this cover and the orange .	cover	neutral
I do like this cover and the orange .	orange	neutral
The " low " price I paid no longer seems so low .	price	neutral
The two front pockets on the bag , which expand generously , have Velcro flaps and the main flap then covers those pockets .	pockets	neutral
The rip - stop fabric is well made and put together .	rip - stop fabric	neutral
The instructions are simple , well - written and clear .	instructions	neutral
, it only came with 1 harddrive , but I added a second one immediately after I got it .	harddrive	neutral
Also , the reverse polarity indicator does not work ( it used to light up ) .	reverse polarity indicator	neutral
I ordered this cooler with the hope that it would help extend my hp laptop 's screen life .	screen life	neutral
Pleasure to use and enjoy !	use	neutral
Four standard outlets and a bunch of USB outlets , arranged in a circle for easy access to participants around the table .	USB outlets	neutral
I plugged it into a USB port , and it said the device was unable to install properly .	USB port	neutral
By the way , I 'm running Windows 7 , 64 bit on an average HP laptop .	Windows 7 , 64 bit	neutral
This is a well made , sturdy , good - looking stylish cover .	cover	neutral
ExpressCard , I had no way to benefit from USB 3 . 0 on my older laptop .	ExpressCard	neutral
ExpressCard , I had no way to benefit from USB 3 . 0 on my older laptop .	USB 3 . 0	neutral
Gives you too much to think about VIZIO quality !	VIZIO quality	neutral
3rd , I connected my USB 3 . 0 thumb drive into a USB 2 . 0 port on the same computer .	USB 3 . 0 thumb drive	neutral
3rd , I connected my USB 3 . 0 thumb drive into a USB 2 . 0 port on the same computer .	USB 2 . 0 port	neutral
And if you can bring some of your own DVD 's to a place like BB and try the A650 's , you will see how great the picture quality is .	picture quality	neutral
The speakers are pretty unique and are actually integrated into the laptop 's battery and produce a fantastic range of sound for a laptop .	speakers	neutral
The speakers are pretty unique and are actually integrated into the laptop 's battery and produce a fantastic range of sound for a laptop .	battery	neutral
Autofocus makes using it very pleasant Resolution is much higher that Skype and other Internet video applications require therefore digital zoom can be used without deterioration of picture .	Autofocus	neutral
Autofocus makes using it very pleasant Resolution is much higher that Skype and other Internet video applications require therefore digital zoom can be used without deterioration of picture .	Resolution	neutral
Autofocus makes using it very pleasant Resolution is much higher that Skype and other Internet video applications require therefore digital zoom can be used without deterioration of picture .	Skype	neutral
Autofocus makes using it very pleasant Resolution is much higher that Skype and other Internet video applications require therefore digital zoom can be used without deterioration of picture .	Internet video applications	neutral
Autofocus makes using it very pleasant Resolution is much higher that Skype and other Internet video applications require therefore digital zoom can be used without deterioration of picture .	digital zoom	neutral
Simple design .	design	neutral
especially when I 'm using photoshop to zoom in and out ( or other quick key function ) , it would freeze and lose control over what I wanted to do .	photoshop	neutral
I plan on buying another router with proper usb access in the future .	usb access	neutral
It has a nice thickness and feel to it .	thickness	neutral
The price is over a hundred dollars for 2 years of 3 g service .	price	neutral
The price is over a hundred dollars for 2 years of 3 g service .	3 g service	neutral
I have n't tried tweaking the settings , because so far , I am totally satisfied .	settings	neutral
If you want an easy to use camera with pro features for less than $ 400 used , there is nothing better than the Canon VIXIA HF10 ,	use	neutral
If you want an easy to use camera with pro features for less than $ 400 used , there is nothing better than the Canon VIXIA HF10 ,	camera	neutral
If you want an easy to use camera with pro features for less than $ 400 used , there is nothing better than the Canon VIXIA HF10 ,	features	neutral
Samsungs sound is very tinny , and you really ca nt exceed the volumn level , as it will cause distortion .	sound	neutral
These USB extension cables can NOT be used for power ;	USB extension cables	neutral
I do have typically have the treble control turned " down " a tiny bit ( perhaps 5 - 10 degrees to the left ) , to take the edge off of the slight brightness of the tweeters .	treble control	neutral
I do have typically have the treble control turned " down " a tiny bit ( perhaps 5 - 10 degrees to the left ) , to take the edge off of the slight brightness of the tweeters .	brightness	neutral
I do have typically have the treble control turned " down " a tiny bit ( perhaps 5 - 10 degrees to the left ) , to take the edge off of the slight brightness of the tweeters .	tweeters	neutral
and it put on about 6 garbage programs that i ca nt delete .	programs	neutral
They include a small USB cord so you can locate the receiver unit in a convenient spot for a desk top also .	USB cord	neutral
They include a small USB cord so you can locate the receiver unit in a convenient spot for a desk top also .	receiver unit	neutral
I looked at more expensive bags , but I like the fact that this one is more compact , yet allows ample space for plenty of equipment .	space	neutral
It does provide power , not very clean though , to the laptop which does function off of it .	power	neutral
I have not tried connecting the infolink	infolink	neutral
It certainly has the power to drive every headphone I have tried .	power	neutral
I ordered a 6 foot single extender and plugged the Monster in and have it sitting on my bed side table .	6 foot single extender	neutral
The first cover I purchased lasted 8 months , then the leather cracked on the side .	leather	neutral
The HE is pretty fast ( provided you increase the RAM to 2Gb ) , the screen is bright , storage is surely adequate for this type of machine and the battery life is astonishing .	HE	neutral
The HE is pretty fast ( provided you increase the RAM to 2Gb ) , the screen is bright , storage is surely adequate for this type of machine and the battery life is astonishing .	RAM	neutral
The HE is pretty fast ( provided you increase the RAM to 2Gb ) , the screen is bright , storage is surely adequate for this type of machine and the battery life is astonishing .	screen	neutral
The HE is pretty fast ( provided you increase the RAM to 2Gb ) , the screen is bright , storage is surely adequate for this type of machine and the battery life is astonishing .	storage	neutral
The HE is pretty fast ( provided you increase the RAM to 2Gb ) , the screen is bright , storage is surely adequate for this type of machine and the battery life is astonishing .	battery life	neutral
Solid Red :	Red	neutral
I also use iTunes syncing over WiFi for my iPhone , and battery life does n't seem to be affected ( see more detailed info in the " EXCELLENT BATTERY LIFE " section ,	iTunes syncing	neutral
I also use iTunes syncing over WiFi for my iPhone , and battery life does n't seem to be affected ( see more detailed info in the " EXCELLENT BATTERY LIFE " section ,	battery life	neutral
I also use iTunes syncing over WiFi for my iPhone , and battery life does n't seem to be affected ( see more detailed info in the " EXCELLENT BATTERY LIFE " section ,	BATTERY LIFE	neutral
The one I got seemed well - made , but would not take a charge at all .	charge	neutral
This is a very good quality item , it appears to have very fine construction , I anticipate that this Messenger will last a long time .	construction	neutral
The plugs are made of blue metal , which adds to the feeling of heft .	plugs	neutral
it has tons of varying compartments for all your computer needs - I use it to carry my laptop which is a Dell Inspiron , a mouse , charger , a few computer games in dvd cases , and some pads and pens .	compartments	neutral
it has tons of varying compartments for all your computer needs - I use it to carry my laptop which is a Dell Inspiron , a mouse , charger , a few computer games in dvd cases , and some pads and pens .	mouse	neutral
it has tons of varying compartments for all your computer needs - I use it to carry my laptop which is a Dell Inspiron , a mouse , charger , a few computer games in dvd cases , and some pads and pens .	charger	neutral
it has tons of varying compartments for all your computer needs - I use it to carry my laptop which is a Dell Inspiron , a mouse , charger , a few computer games in dvd cases , and some pads and pens .	games	neutral
If this AB sleeve is n't perfect , well close enough .	AB sleeve	neutral
The fan is noisy and runs continuously .	fan	neutral
, It allowed me to make quick changes , it loaded really fast , Explorer or Firefox loaded just as fast , normally Firefox is quicker .	Explorer	neutral
, It allowed me to make quick changes , it loaded really fast , Explorer or Firefox loaded just as fast , normally Firefox is quicker .	Firefox	neutral
, It allowed me to make quick changes , it loaded really fast , Explorer or Firefox loaded just as fast , normally Firefox is quicker .	Firefox	neutral
Another issue with Bluetooth are the potential interferences from other wireless devices .	Bluetooth	neutral
The fan works good .	fan	neutral
I would hit tjMax ( 100 C ) during games and get auto - power off .	games	neutral
I have an iPhone with a bulky otter case	otter case	neutral
i purchased this product on september 19th , and it is now october 26th .. and the charger has ceased to function .	charger	neutral
However , there is no denying that the resolution on this machine is far superior .	resolution	neutral
So instead I 'd purchase a nicely built desktop , for a fraction of the price .	price	neutral
but if you want to take several HD pics during a trip I would recommend buying a couple of these or just buy a bigger card .	card	neutral
The charge time is short .. less than 60 minutes	charge time	neutral
I used a little canned air to blow off the junk under the keys .	keys	neutral
It worked great for the docking station .	docking station	neutral
I had this router for 2 years and it is running great .	running	neutral
Although it is charged by USB it is charged by mini USB instead of	USB	neutral
Although it is charged by USB it is charged by mini USB instead of	mini USB	neutral
SD card sticks out when installed .	SD card	neutral
It skips around some , and is inconsistent in sensitivity .	sensitivity	neutral
The wide angle is n't wide .	wide	neutral
The wide angle is n't wide .	angle	neutral
also the lenovo logo on the cover has started to fall off .	cover	neutral
I wound up repairing the strap holder because I like the design of the bag .	strap holder	neutral
I wound up repairing the strap holder because I like the design of the bag .	design	neutral
This kind of case is great for 2 + kids to view one TV .	case	neutral
Battery life is surprisingly short even with advanced power saving features .	Battery life	neutral
Battery life is surprisingly short even with advanced power saving features .	power saving features	neutral
I never promise or even hint that accepting a free item for review will result in a ' good ' review._________________________________________Many of us , I imagine , are short of USB ports these days or wished they had more .	USB ports	neutral
Incredible display .	display	neutral
It can do extremely simple tasks like cropping and brightness adjustment , and that 's it .	cropping	neutral
It can do extremely simple tasks like cropping and brightness adjustment , and that 's it .	brightness adjustment	neutral
Very easy to setup using the supplied drivers .	setup	neutral
TRUE USB 3 . 0 speeds .	USB 3 . 0 speeds	neutral
The video appears choppy at times .	video	neutral
I purchased Sandisk because they are a trusted name in the memory market .	memory market	neutral
I final positive on this product is that it has multiple Howard USB ports which are nice for recharging .	Howard USB ports	neutral
I do believe though all the reviews for the kick ass speakers should be erased and not used for this panda speaker .	speakers	neutral
The orange interior makes finding things easy ( which is great ) , especially compared to finding things in black - lined bags .	interior	neutral
the shipping was very fast .	shipping	neutral
The speakers are a cheap ( but still sorta sturdy ... )	speakers	neutral
so far all I see are a 128 GB SSD/4 GB of RAM version .	128 GB SSD/4 GB of RAM	neutral
Oh yeah , there 's a top front pocket , by the handle	handle	neutral
I bought this because my little daughter also sometimes uses it and because I tend to resell my Macs when the warranty runs out .	warranty	neutral
I was pleasantly surprised at the sturdy aluminium construction , the fact that it requires no tools is a definite plus .	aluminium construction	neutral
now , its at 0 and ca n't keep a charge so its no better than a desktop	charge	neutral
Upon initial start - up you should create restore discs or a driver disc if you plan on doing a clean Windows 7 install .	restore discs	neutral
Upon initial start - up you should create restore discs or a driver disc if you plan on doing a clean Windows 7 install .	driver disc	neutral
Upon initial start - up you should create restore discs or a driver disc if you plan on doing a clean Windows 7 install .	Windows 7 install	neutral
Stable performance and	performance	neutral
1 surround only lets its limitations become more prominent .	1 surround	neutral
It worked well , and I could enter notes from my keyboard into MIDI applications .	keyboard	neutral
It worked well , and I could enter notes from my keyboard into MIDI applications .	MIDI applications	neutral
three stars for purely personal view not performance of product it works just fine if you hit the keys vertically .	performance	neutral
three stars for purely personal view not performance of product it works just fine if you hit the keys vertically .	keys	neutral
It has 56 watts of power total has a surprising amount of bass .	power	neutral
It has 56 watts of power total has a surprising amount of bass .	bass	neutral
I made one call to Lenovo Tech Support and was pleasantly surprised that my hold time was brief , and the support person was very knowledgeable and polite .	Lenovo Tech Support	neutral
I made one call to Lenovo Tech Support and was pleasantly surprised that my hold time was brief , and the support person was very knowledgeable and polite .	support person	neutral
Peace of mind from the manufacture warranty and certification specification .	manufacture warranty	neutral
Peace of mind from the manufacture warranty and certification specification .	certification specification	neutral
And , the fiber optic backlighting ( when ambient lighting is down ) has been a pleasure .	fiber optic backlighting	neutral
UPDATEThere is a well known trick for changing the sound of a ported woofer .	sound	neutral
UPDATEThere is a well known trick for changing the sound of a ported woofer .	ported woofer	neutral
Give it 5 years , I 'm sure every camera will have this capability , but for now , this WiFi SD Memory card is a wonderful bridge device .	WiFi SD Memory card	neutral
I purchased this Laptop cover for the Sony Vaio laptop and its a perfect fit for the Laptop size specified .	size	neutral
This is a real Apple MagSafe power adapter .	MagSafe power adapter	neutral
I have not had to use the dual USB plugs on any system so far .	dual	neutral
I have not had to use the dual USB plugs on any system so far .	USB plugs	neutral
It 's nicely padded and there are convenient zip - pockets for all the accessories which come with the player along with space for DVDs inside their cases .	zip - pockets	neutral
This is my first experience with using a Wireless adapter .	Wireless adapter	neutral
I bought it for my HTC One M8 and it works great .	works	neutral
I 've had this gigabit Ethernet card for two years .	gigabit Ethernet card	neutral
Solidly built .	built	neutral
If your looking for something to connect ( anything that has red and white audio output ) into a 3 . 5 audio in , then this is a great choice for you .	audio output	neutral
This can speed up the process of install should your computer need to install any necessary drivers .	drivers	neutral
Since about 10 years ago when a friend who works for IBM 's corporate storage solutions department gave me a 8 MB Flash Drive , I 've purchased a few hundred USB drives by dozens of manufacturers .	corporate storage solutions department	neutral
Since about 10 years ago when a friend who works for IBM 's corporate storage solutions department gave me a 8 MB Flash Drive , I 've purchased a few hundred USB drives by dozens of manufacturers .	8 MB Flash Drive	neutral
Since about 10 years ago when a friend who works for IBM 's corporate storage solutions department gave me a 8 MB Flash Drive , I 've purchased a few hundred USB drives by dozens of manufacturers .	USB drives	neutral
The battery life seems longer than the previous model .	battery life	neutral
The package came bundled with a mini CD that included bluesoleil 6 .	bluesoleil 6	neutral
It blends perfectly with most receivers and looks like an AV component , rather than a cheap desktop PC case .	receivers	neutral
This is one of those situations where the price and fact that this worked out so well make you say WOW .	price	neutral
( The ejection process is annoying because my external hard drive sometimes does not stop immediately ) .	ejection process	neutral
( The ejection process is annoying because my external hard drive sometimes does not stop immediately ) .	external hard drive	neutral
For school as of yet I have had no issues , with every program I have needed so far runs smoothly .	program	neutral
I 'm not a fan of numberpads , so I sacrificed the keypad and assigned a slew of non - character keys to it using a freeware app called KeyTweak .	numberpads	neutral
I 'm not a fan of numberpads , so I sacrificed the keypad and assigned a slew of non - character keys to it using a freeware app called KeyTweak .	keypad	neutral
I 'm not a fan of numberpads , so I sacrificed the keypad and assigned a slew of non - character keys to it using a freeware app called KeyTweak .	KeyTweak	neutral
I carry my 15 . 6 " laptop , fluke test set , fiber light meter , volt meter , an assortment of power / telemtry wire / fibers , and work folders on the inside .	volt	neutral
I carry my 15 . 6 " laptop , fluke test set , fiber light meter , volt meter , an assortment of power / telemtry wire / fibers , and work folders on the inside .	power	neutral
You may be tempted to buy an external optical drive to install additional software , but that may not be necessary .	external optical drive	neutral
You may be tempted to buy an external optical drive to install additional software , but that may not be necessary .	software	neutral
The USB cord can be transferred to either right or left side depending on the location of your USB port on the laptop .	USB cord	neutral
The USB cord can be transferred to either right or left side depending on the location of your USB port on the laptop .	USB port	neutral
Just in case people do n't realize , this system is a Chromebook , not a Windows system .	Windows	neutral
Power - wise , this system does just fine .	Power	neutral
That resets the speaker then I can play my audible audio book .	speaker	neutral
The quality of the cable is very nice .	quality	neutral
The quality of the cable is very nice .	cable	neutral
Your typing might slow down a tad bit as you get used to it ... also because your fingers will stick to the silicon more so than the actual keys ... but overall it is a great product .	typing	neutral
Your typing might slow down a tad bit as you get used to it ... also because your fingers will stick to the silicon more so than the actual keys ... but overall it is a great product .	keys	neutral
Best , it 's made to allow me to use the netbook without removing it from the case - at least for short times .	case	neutral
Excellent lens caps . . . as good as or better than the originals that come with most lenses .	lens caps	neutral
The straps have excellent padding and are very comfy on the wearer ; I like and use the chest strap too , which is something a lot of other backpacks lack as well .	straps	neutral
The straps have excellent padding and are very comfy on the wearer ; I like and use the chest strap too , which is something a lot of other backpacks lack as well .	chest strap	neutral
and I saw his back lighted keyboard , I knew my other laptop was going to be replaced .	back lighted keyboard	neutral
BTW , it does n't come with any software .	software	neutral
This adapter allowed me to utilize the mSATA slot for my Sandisk ( Model 830 )	mSATA slot	neutral
Also the bulk of this item makes it a poor choice for travel with a netbook .	bulk	neutral
It is also suppose to have voltage on the center pin and the inside of the sleeve connector .	voltage	neutral
It is also suppose to have voltage on the center pin and the inside of the sleeve connector .	sleeve connector	neutral
It 's saving me 60 dollars a month in internet fees .....	internet fees	neutral
The cord is a great length to cover your whole keyboard !	cord	neutral
The cord is a great length to cover your whole keyboard !	keyboard	neutral
Arrived on time , easy to install , and BIOS excepted .	install	neutral
Arrived on time , easy to install , and BIOS excepted .	BIOS	neutral
I now actually get four hours of battery life on a single charge .	battery life	neutral
I now actually get four hours of battery life on a single charge .	charge	neutral
I would recommend this item to others and think the price is reasonable .	price	neutral
For this price I would definitely recommend it to anyone who 's looking for something descent to protect their iPad .	price	neutral
1 , together with a custom - built kernel , because there is a problem with process scheduling with the stock kernel .	process scheduling	neutral
1 , together with a custom - built kernel , because there is a problem with process scheduling with the stock kernel .	stock kernel	neutral
The form factor is great and they are not lying about the battery life .	form factor	neutral
The form factor is great and they are not lying about the battery life .	battery life	neutral
Reliability was the biggest problem .	Reliability	neutral
Download speed :	Download speed	neutral
I had my fingers crossed , but this does not charge the battery on my Dell Inspiron 1525 , so it must be plugged in at all times .	battery	neutral
It also boasts major cool factor colors , including red , blue and Black !	colors	neutral
External Optical Drive	External Optical Drive	neutral
and I love the touch screen .	touch screen	neutral
It cut my charging time by more than a half .	charging time	neutral
Great price ! ! !	price	neutral
Trying to have basicly the same speed , and RAM .	speed	neutral
Trying to have basicly the same speed , and RAM .	RAM	neutral
Why you ask , well if you turn the PC off and go to bed the GPS recognizes that it is pluged in and stays ON until its battery is dead .	GPS	neutral
Why you ask , well if you turn the PC off and go to bed the GPS recognizes that it is pluged in and stays ON until its battery is dead .	battery	neutral
I 'd advise being patient and waiting to give the LiveScribe time to mature the software .	LiveScribe	neutral
I 'd advise being patient and waiting to give the LiveScribe time to mature the software .	software	neutral
The remote control is not terribly useful due to poor range .	remote control	neutral
The remote control is not terribly useful due to poor range .	range	neutral
I agree the caselogics ones might be more sleek , but then hey , this bag is pretty sleek based off the design they gave .	design	neutral
Also , I thought the flap will close and there will be some kind of zipper of velcro to keep it shut .	flap	neutral
Also , I thought the flap will close and there will be some kind of zipper of velcro to keep it shut .	zipper	neutral
I then tested the adapter with an Oyen USB 3 . 0 , 2 .	adapter	neutral
I then tested the adapter with an Oyen USB 3 . 0 , 2 .	USB 3 . 0 ,	neutral
And 16 GB memory in my tiny NUC makes that baby PURRRR !	16 GB memory	neutral
, size - keyboard not cut down to fit laptop , but feels just like typical desktop keyboards ( very comfortable)-Dual cooler .	size	neutral
, size - keyboard not cut down to fit laptop , but feels just like typical desktop keyboards ( very comfortable)-Dual cooler .	keyboard	neutral
, size - keyboard not cut down to fit laptop , but feels just like typical desktop keyboards ( very comfortable)-Dual cooler .	keyboards	neutral
no water bottle holder .	water bottle holder	neutral
I have runs about 55 - 60 Mbps download and 6 - 8 Mbps upload according to Cisco 's own software , over standard Charter cable .	Cisco	neutral
I have runs about 55 - 60 Mbps download and 6 - 8 Mbps upload according to Cisco 's own software , over standard Charter cable .	software	neutral
It has sturdy clasps at the ends , with a nice shoulder pad , and is adjustable .	clasps	neutral
It has sturdy clasps at the ends , with a nice shoulder pad , and is adjustable .	shoulder pad	neutral
I 've reformatted these drives many times .	drives	neutral
and I have n't noticed any pixel issues or bleeding .	pixel	neutral
and I hope I do n't have to use it again but for the value it is well worth it even if I do n't have to collect on the warranty .	warranty	neutral
Until Apple fixes this , you 'll have less graphics functionality than you had with previous generation	graphics functionality	neutral
You can safely carry three filters around .	filters	neutral
At one point I had to move the TiVo and the drive .	TiVo	neutral
At one point I had to move the TiVo and the drive .	drive	neutral
One of the quietest fans as well .	fans	neutral
If you expect lightening read - writes , you are not going to get it any faster than any USB attached drive .	read - writes	neutral
If you expect lightening read - writes , you are not going to get it any faster than any USB attached drive .	USB attached drive	neutral
Works and fit into laptop great , now to replace the screen and a few other odds and ends and the machine should be peachy again .	screen	neutral
Compare with stands / cases with keyboards , this is a much less expensive , lighter , and more flexible system .	keyboards	neutral
Compare with stands / cases with keyboards , this is a much less expensive , lighter , and more flexible system .	system	neutral
I bought a 2nd dongle as well and the device ca nt keep any signal .	dongle	neutral
There is an external pocket that has a barely visible zipper .	external pocket	neutral
There is an external pocket that has a barely visible zipper .	zipper	neutral
The nice thing is that the plug in and the station transmitter glows red when the car is on and since my dashboard is red led colored it compliments it nicely .	plug in	neutral
The nice thing is that the plug in and the station transmitter glows red when the car is on and since my dashboard is red led colored it compliments it nicely .	station transmitter	neutral
It 's no big deal , but the Dell case wins .	Dell case	neutral
It 's fantastic other than the very difficult to use mousepad .	mousepad	neutral
adapter I used prior to my Jabra .	adapter	neutral
The M505 is very comfortable , has a slide - switch on bottom to make battery compartment easier to access , a low battery indicatoe LED on top , and the smallest USB receiver on the market .	slide - switch	neutral
The M505 is very comfortable , has a slide - switch on bottom to make battery compartment easier to access , a low battery indicatoe LED on top , and the smallest USB receiver on the market .	battery compartment	neutral
The M505 is very comfortable , has a slide - switch on bottom to make battery compartment easier to access , a low battery indicatoe LED on top , and the smallest USB receiver on the market .	battery indicatoe LED	neutral
The M505 is very comfortable , has a slide - switch on bottom to make battery compartment easier to access , a low battery indicatoe LED on top , and the smallest USB receiver on the market .	USB receiver	neutral
Pretty hard to run an electronic device without power .	power	neutral
I 'm not sure if I would have bitten on it at this full price , but after using it I feel it 's well worth it.-A bit on the heavy feeling side .	price	neutral
The cable is working well .	cable	neutral
The ONLY problem with this laptop other than the bending of the keyboard ( which is n't a lot ) is that there is no offline compatibility .	keyboard	neutral
The ONLY problem with this laptop other than the bending of the keyboard ( which is n't a lot ) is that there is no offline compatibility .	offline compatibility	neutral
I also added a scroll mouse , the touch pad was a bit clunky and the buttons did n't work the best .	scroll mouse	neutral
I also added a scroll mouse , the touch pad was a bit clunky and the buttons did n't work the best .	touch pad	neutral
I also added a scroll mouse , the touch pad was a bit clunky and the buttons did n't work the best .	buttons	neutral
The Vertex 100 has a very good padded waist belt and the bag is long enough that the load can be supported in part by the hips on anyone of medium to small height - not going to work for someone 6 ' 2 " for example .	waist belt	neutral
I booted the phone and connected it to my computer , and again to my pleasant surprise , the cable allowed me to retrieve my important files from the phone before it gets recycled .	cable	neutral
The manufacturers should be more conscious of people 's sentiments before approving such designs .	designs	neutral
Sometimes the adapter was heating up more quickly than the laptop .	adapter	neutral
If you do any picture editing and like making videos out of your pictures , you will find that the processor works well enough although rendering the pan and zoom features makes the playback a bit jerky .	processor	neutral
If you do any picture editing and like making videos out of your pictures , you will find that the processor works well enough although rendering the pan and zoom features makes the playback a bit jerky .	pan and zoom features	neutral
If you do any picture editing and like making videos out of your pictures , you will find that the processor works well enough although rendering the pan and zoom features makes the playback a bit jerky .	playback	neutral
Samsung seem to make things WORSE over time as they try and drop the price .	price	neutral
" for some reason that bugged me my pc laptop does not do that i beleive because of the thin size of this notebook	size	neutral
I love the concept of this and it works even after the ground prong broke off , but I 'd LOVE it if the prong did n't break off in an outlet when I unplugged it .	ground prong	neutral
I love the concept of this and it works even after the ground prong broke off , but I 'd LOVE it if the prong did n't break off in an outlet when I unplugged it .	prong	neutral
Dell Inspiron 17R ( N7010 ) maximum supported memory upgrade isCorsair 8 GB ( 2x 4 GB )	supported	neutral
Dell Inspiron 17R ( N7010 ) maximum supported memory upgrade isCorsair 8 GB ( 2x 4 GB )	memory upgrade	neutral
It was delivered quickly , was easy to install , and has been reliable .	install	neutral
This Acer has a plastic body .	body	neutral
The only deficiency that remains is that it has a short battery run time on a fully charged battery .	battery run time	neutral
The only deficiency that remains is that it has a short battery run time on a fully charged battery .	battery	neutral
The sound out of the speakers is very crisp , it is also pretty loud if need be .	sound	neutral
The sound out of the speakers is very crisp , it is also pretty loud if need be .	speakers	neutral
When I first got the phone , the screen was damaged down one side with black lines in the screen itself , this then grew along the bottom of the screen , and then miraculously healed itself .	screen	neutral
When I first got the phone , the screen was damaged down one side with black lines in the screen itself , this then grew along the bottom of the screen , and then miraculously healed itself .	screen	neutral
When I first got the phone , the screen was damaged down one side with black lines in the screen itself , this then grew along the bottom of the screen , and then miraculously healed itself .	screen	neutral
But still its about the only place to be able to store the stylus on the iPad besides maybe data jack.-it would be nice to have a tip that was about as narrow as a pen , but that 's just not possible on the iPad .	stylus	neutral
But still its about the only place to be able to store the stylus on the iPad besides maybe data jack.-it would be nice to have a tip that was about as narrow as a pen , but that 's just not possible on the iPad .	data jack.-it	neutral
But still its about the only place to be able to store the stylus on the iPad besides maybe data jack.-it would be nice to have a tip that was about as narrow as a pen , but that 's just not possible on the iPad .	tip	neutral
But still its about the only place to be able to store the stylus on the iPad besides maybe data jack.-it would be nice to have a tip that was about as narrow as a pen , but that 's just not possible on the iPad .	pen	neutral
Furthermore , the manufacturer has provided exceptional support .	support	neutral
Have a few 1 tb laptop drives and this case is the perfect match !	case	neutral
It allows me to use the feet while getting perfect ventilation .	feet	neutral
It allows me to use the feet while getting perfect ventilation .	ventilation	neutral
and i was satisfied with the price .	price	neutral
Love all the pockets and organizers .	pockets	neutral
Love all the pockets and organizers .	organizers	neutral
This messenger bag has a huge capacity and is very light weight .	capacity	neutral
I 've never seen a laptop that you could n't turn off the bluetooth separately from the wi - fi .	wi - fi	neutral
I really can not find any simple words to show my feeling to apple 's design .	design	neutral
But for the price what was I going to lose ?	price	neutral
When you are done putting dvd drive in make sure to secure it from back with 2 small screws provided .	dvd drive	neutral
The pin orientation of the connector end that fits the netbook 's adapter is sometimes known as " mickey mouse " , as I suppose there is some likeness to the character .	pin orientation	neutral
The pin orientation of the connector end that fits the netbook 's adapter is sometimes known as " mickey mouse " , as I suppose there is some likeness to the character .	connector end	neutral
You need fast , WiFi connectivity to make it worth your while .	WiFi connectivity	neutral
If a solid - performing , ever - reliable online connections are high priorities , then the Toshiba is a standout .	online connections	neutral
BETTER follow omgchrome 's guide to add swap memory , and you will be able to manage about 1 . 5 times as many tabs .	swap memory	neutral
I had a dell workstation w/ docking and the docking station was big , clunky to use , and could n't be connected till after the laptop was plugged in .	docking	neutral
I had a dell workstation w/ docking and the docking station was big , clunky to use , and could n't be connected till after the laptop was plugged in .	docking station	neutral
Even though it looked pretty clean , the screen cleaner came off with a thin layer of dust which was easily removed from the device .	screen cleaner	neutral
The screen is clear and crisp .	screen	neutral
Cons:*Travelers will find the headphones to be quite large , even when folded up.*If the noise cancelling is not turned on , the headphones sound terrible .	headphones	neutral
Cons:*Travelers will find the headphones to be quite large , even when folded up.*If the noise cancelling is not turned on , the headphones sound terrible .	noise cancelling	neutral
Cons:*Travelers will find the headphones to be quite large , even when folded up.*If the noise cancelling is not turned on , the headphones sound terrible .	headphones	neutral
This thing charges almost everything .	charges	neutral
The top part of the case ( on the lid ) can stay on the Mac , but I wanted full coverage , so decided to return this .	case	neutral
The top part of the case ( on the lid ) can stay on the Mac , but I wanted full coverage , so decided to return this .	lid	neutral
No compatibility problems , size is correct and it fits properly .	compatibility	neutral
No compatibility problems , size is correct and it fits properly .	size	neutral
I read the reviews and online help to make sure I did n't screw up my hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
The bundled PCMCIA adapter for a laptop was up and running immedaitely on a Toshiba laptop ..	PCMCIA adapter	neutral
Wireless USB Adapter .	Wireless USB Adapter	neutral
The right side has only the DVD drive .	DVD drive	neutral
If you use Outlook ( not Express ) heavily , or use Powerpoint , Excel , and Word a lot and like XP , then the Mac is a snoozer .	Outlook	neutral
If you use Outlook ( not Express ) heavily , or use Powerpoint , Excel , and Word a lot and like XP , then the Mac is a snoozer .	Powerpoint	neutral
If you use Outlook ( not Express ) heavily , or use Powerpoint , Excel , and Word a lot and like XP , then the Mac is a snoozer .	Excel	neutral
If you use Outlook ( not Express ) heavily , or use Powerpoint , Excel , and Word a lot and like XP , then the Mac is a snoozer .	Word	neutral
If you use Outlook ( not Express ) heavily , or use Powerpoint , Excel , and Word a lot and like XP , then the Mac is a snoozer .	XP	neutral
My desktop is more powerful , but I really wanted to be able to take my games with me when I travel and even just when visiting friends and this laptop has done all of that for me .	games	neutral
Works great !	Works	neutral
I purchased this as a replacement power adapter for my HP laptop .	power adapter	neutral
I did n't need the stripped screw to install the OWC bracket since it comes with its own screws .	screw	neutral
I did n't need the stripped screw to install the OWC bracket since it comes with its own screws .	OWC bracket	neutral
I did n't need the stripped screw to install the OWC bracket since it comes with its own screws .	screws	neutral
The speakers sound surprisingly good considering how thin and small the body is .	speakers	neutral
The speakers sound surprisingly good considering how thin and small the body is .	body	neutral
Replaced my 1 stick ram with this and have no problems .	1 stick ram	neutral
Those drives have the vent hole positioned in exactly a location that is COVERED by the swing door of the	vent hole	neutral
I solved this by also ordering a 6 ' usb cable extender .	6 ' usb cable extender	neutral
I 'd prefer that the power cord be hardwired in , but this is ok .	power cord	neutral
So it 's fine for regular hard drives , but when I need to move data fast from my desktop SSD to carry with me to my portable SSD , this enclosure was definitely not the answer .	hard drives	neutral
To remedy this issue , you can deactivate the self adjusting screen lighting , or just slightly change the angle of your screen .	screen lighting	neutral
To remedy this issue , you can deactivate the self adjusting screen lighting , or just slightly change the angle of your screen .	screen	neutral
Because I have it now my desktop gets to stay off more and I do n't need some big adapter to charge my idevices , nor anything else that requires USB power .	adapter	neutral
Because I have it now my desktop gets to stay off more and I do n't need some big adapter to charge my idevices , nor anything else that requires USB power .	USB power	neutral
Although the adapter was advertised with the power cord , it was not delivered with one .	adapter	neutral
Although the adapter was advertised with the power cord , it was not delivered with one .	power cord	neutral
I was surprised by the packaging for this mouse .	packaging	neutral
I was surprised by the packaging for this mouse .	mouse	neutral
The only thing I would change about the Cooler Master is to have the power cord either in the center , or to be able to attach it on either end .	power cord	neutral
If you need a RELIABLE laptop that works ever bit as fast as anything on the market with a great webcam for Skype , and great quality sound fo rmusic and movies	webcam	neutral
If you need a RELIABLE laptop that works ever bit as fast as anything on the market with a great webcam for Skype , and great quality sound fo rmusic and movies	sound	neutral
It comes with a mini USB charging cable which is pretty useless to me since all my devices have a micro USB port , but I do nt care since I have my own cables	mini USB charging cable	neutral
It comes with a mini USB charging cable which is pretty useless to me since all my devices have a micro USB port , but I do nt care since I have my own cables	micro USB port	neutral
For a carrying case , this will hold a lot of items that you need to bring along for your work day .	carrying case	neutral
Do n't be fooled by the price since it is exquisitely made and quite solid .	price	neutral
It not only worked flawlessly with WEP enabled , but it gave a stronger signal , and is about half the size of the WAP11 .	WEP	neutral
It not only worked flawlessly with WEP enabled , but it gave a stronger signal , and is about half the size of the WAP11 .	signal	neutral
Window 7 partition on a MacBook	Window 7 partition	neutral
I am impressed with the space in this bag .	space	neutral
In conclusion , this product works great if you want to boost the signal of your wireless network , live in an apartment or out in the open country , and have the patience to get it working .	signal	neutral
Would recommend it to others as it is compact , easy to use and recharge .	use	neutral
Would recommend it to others as it is compact , easy to use and recharge .	recharge	neutral
: it wo n't install the WLAN .	WLAN	neutral
Apps have become a necessity .	Apps	neutral
and I have been throughly impressed by the performance .	performance	neutral
, this device is completely useless in Linux as it does n't register as a Bluetooth device in any way whatsoever .	Linux	neutral
, this device is completely useless in Linux as it does n't register as a Bluetooth device in any way whatsoever .	Bluetooth	neutral
It comes with U3 software and has the ability to password protect your data - which you 'll need if it 's going to be at greater risk for loss due to the aforementioned attachment issue .	U3 software	neutral
Everything works as it should , software installs and uninstalls without a hitch , and there does n't appear to be an overabundance of bloatware pre - installed .	software	neutral
Everything works as it should , software installs and uninstalls without a hitch , and there does n't appear to be an overabundance of bloatware pre - installed .	bloatware	neutral
The Bose QC headphones fit like a glove in the front pocket , and everything is easy to get at once on the plane .	Bose QC headphones	neutral
It 's fast , and it has tons of RAM and hard drive space .	RAM	neutral
It 's fast , and it has tons of RAM and hard drive space .	hard drive space	neutral
I was blown away by this speaker dock .	speaker dock	neutral
I called CineRAID 's tech support and received a call back within fifteen minutes ( very impressed ) and spoke to someone who said that I should not be able to hear the fan over the sound of the drives .	tech support	neutral
I called CineRAID 's tech support and received a call back within fifteen minutes ( very impressed ) and spoke to someone who said that I should not be able to hear the fan over the sound of the drives .	fan	neutral
I called CineRAID 's tech support and received a call back within fifteen minutes ( very impressed ) and spoke to someone who said that I should not be able to hear the fan over the sound of the drives .	drives	neutral
There is already a crack in the plastic , used it only once , and orginally thought it was a scratch .	plastic	neutral
I had a Mini to DVI previously but it would not work with my new Macbook Air .	Mini to DVI	neutral
At normal viewing distance , you ca n't make out pixels like you can on a 1920x1080 or 1920x1200 monitor .	viewing distance	neutral
Depending on the weight of your computer , you might want to be very discerning with this purchase .	weight	neutral
Cons : Fan is louder than Asus G series , Warranty Void sticker on expansion bays , touchpad is	Fan	neutral
Cons : Fan is louder than Asus G series , Warranty Void sticker on expansion bays , touchpad is	Warranty Void	neutral
Cons : Fan is louder than Asus G series , Warranty Void sticker on expansion bays , touchpad is	expansion bays	neutral
Cons : Fan is louder than Asus G series , Warranty Void sticker on expansion bays , touchpad is	touchpad	neutral
It 's a huge touchpad , nicely placed , and could have been perfect if they had used an Elan pad or even a Synaptics pad .	touchpad	neutral
It 's a huge touchpad , nicely placed , and could have been perfect if they had used an Elan pad or even a Synaptics pad .	Elan pad	neutral
It 's a huge touchpad , nicely placed , and could have been perfect if they had used an Elan pad or even a Synaptics pad .	Synaptics pad	neutral
I ve tried installing Windows 7 and Ubuntu , both show horrible CPU / video performance .	Windows 7	neutral
I ve tried installing Windows 7 and Ubuntu , both show horrible CPU / video performance .	Ubuntu	neutral
I ve tried installing Windows 7 and Ubuntu , both show horrible CPU / video performance .	CPU / video performance	neutral
Have used Corsair memory in two other PC 's with no issues .	Corsair memory	neutral
Now both of them have good padding for a slim sleeve and good strap but no padding for the strap so long term use will be tough on your shoulder .	sleeve	neutral
Now both of them have good padding for a slim sleeve and good strap but no padding for the strap so long term use will be tough on your shoulder .	strap	neutral
Now both of them have good padding for a slim sleeve and good strap but no padding for the strap so long term use will be tough on your shoulder .	strap	neutral
When hitting the range , I can quickly just pull out my laptop or some of the other junk the main compartment and slip in my pistol case , ear protection , glasses and ammo .	pistol case	neutral
When hitting the range , I can quickly just pull out my laptop or some of the other junk the main compartment and slip in my pistol case , ear protection , glasses and ammo .	ear protection	neutral
The Macbook Pro is a unibody design that is cut from a solid piece of aluminum .	design	neutral
Very Nice looking case .	case	neutral
Requires a mike stand and lots of snapping parts together to assemble the first time .	mike stand	neutral
i am now waiting for this tray , so I can use the included HDD as external on USB 3 . 0 , It 's supposed to be compatible with this acer http://amzn .	USB 3	neutral
I bought this memory card so that a friend would have a memory car to go with the camera that I sold to her .	memory card	neutral
I bought this memory card so that a friend would have a memory car to go with the camera that I sold to her .	memory car	neutral
As you do this maintain counter tension on the free edge of the film and firm consistent forward & down pressure with the PVC pipe .	PVC pipe	neutral
Winders 7 Starter is not too difficult to tolerate , although I greatly prefer Mac OS X.	Winders 7 Starter	neutral
Winders 7 Starter is not too difficult to tolerate , although I greatly prefer Mac OS X.	Mac OS X.	neutral
It 's surprising how HP will shoot itself in the foot putting so much bloatware .	bloatware	neutral
Slow blinking orange is charging is less than 10 % .	charging	neutral
Of course , the layout is somewhat cramped and certainly not meant for writing novels on your desktop computer .	layout	neutral
Completely effective blocking .	blocking	neutral
but it works great .	works	neutral
If you plan on connecting your laptop on the left side of it ( facing you ) , you may want to invest in a longer or better USB cord eventually .	USB cord	neutral
Like most batteries in this Price Range this battery does not make a good fit in the battery compartment , and falls out of Laptop!!!!Other ThoughtsThe reason why I did not Refund this item is because some duct tape on the right spot fixes it .	batteries	neutral
Like most batteries in this Price Range this battery does not make a good fit in the battery compartment , and falls out of Laptop!!!!Other ThoughtsThe reason why I did not Refund this item is because some duct tape on the right spot fixes it .	Price Range	neutral
Like most batteries in this Price Range this battery does not make a good fit in the battery compartment , and falls out of Laptop!!!!Other ThoughtsThe reason why I did not Refund this item is because some duct tape on the right spot fixes it .	battery	neutral
Like most batteries in this Price Range this battery does not make a good fit in the battery compartment , and falls out of Laptop!!!!Other ThoughtsThe reason why I did not Refund this item is because some duct tape on the right spot fixes it .	battery compartment	neutral
The material is similar to that of a seatbelt in a car .	material	neutral
inside the box was usb	usb	neutral
Sony products definitely are n't cheap , especially accessories such as batteries .	batteries	neutral
It has all the things I need for a laptop and its battery life is amazing !	battery life	neutral
I 've been reading of other Netbook manufacturers beginning to sell 10 " screens with a more comfortable 1366x768 resolution ....	screens	neutral
First of all I was very pleased with the price , I was expecting to pay much more than I did .	price	neutral
The price on this battery is also much less than the replacement batteries you can purchase directly from Dell .	price	neutral
The price on this battery is also much less than the replacement batteries you can purchase directly from Dell .	battery	neutral
The price on this battery is also much less than the replacement batteries you can purchase directly from Dell .	batteries	neutral
I wanted a router to be able to stream netflix to my living room ( 20 feet away ) without it buffering and the image quality being poor .	image quality	neutral
I Turned this feature back on and now it 's fine .	feature	neutral
The widescreen is great - I do n't know how I lived without if for so long .	widescreen	neutral
The display is amazing , the back light keyboard is really nice .	display	neutral
The display is amazing , the back light keyboard is really nice .	back light keyboard	neutral
The i5 processor and Windows 7 Pro is a good match .	i5 processor	neutral
The i5 processor and Windows 7 Pro is a good match .	Windows 7 Pro	neutral
In recent years , manufactures have moved all the ports to the left and right sides of laptops , but Acer pushed them to the rear side like the good old days .	ports	neutral
The stand feels sturdy too .	stand	neutral
I end up using the inner compartment for stuff like USB cords and the sort that can be arranged in a some - what flat manner .	USB cords	neutral
I recommend the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
so you do n't have to see wires , but still have quick access to the two additional ports in the front for quick tasks like plugging in the USB flash drive .	ports	neutral
so you do n't have to see wires , but still have quick access to the two additional ports in the front for quick tasks like plugging in the USB flash drive .	USB flash drive	neutral
Ok , yes it does slightly darken the screen but it does not make your laptop unusable .	screen	neutral
First and foremost for me is the fact that I do not like Android ANYTHING because that system is flat - out an ILLUSION of having a full computer .	system	neutral
The unit comes with a short ( 8 " ) , male - male headphone cable to hook the unit to the car aux jack .	male - male headphone cable	neutral
The unit comes with a short ( 8 " ) , male - male headphone cable to hook the unit to the car aux jack .	car aux jack	neutral
Works great on XP SP3 as well as win7 .	XP SP3	neutral
Works great on XP SP3 as well as win7 .	win7	neutral
, keep in mind the other comes with a nice long cable and is weather proofed and mast ready , so you still have to add some to this ..	cable	neutral
Apple is renowned for its trackpads and this is no exceptions .	trackpads	neutral
The receiver beeps very loudly , easily enough to be heard under a pile of blankets .	receiver	neutral
Strong radio stations will overwhelm the Tunecast 's transmitter signal and decrease the quality of what you hear .	Tunecast	neutral
Strong radio stations will overwhelm the Tunecast 's transmitter signal and decrease the quality of what you hear .	transmitter signal	neutral
Thinking I may have bought the wrong PSU , it took a while for me to realize one of the 6 block cables is actually a 4 block and a 2 block clipped together with tiny black plastic clips which are VERY difficult to see .	PSU	neutral
Thinking I may have bought the wrong PSU , it took a while for me to realize one of the 6 block cables is actually a 4 block and a 2 block clipped together with tiny black plastic clips which are VERY difficult to see .	6 block cables	neutral
less functional!)Cons:-The 6-cell battery is larger and does not sit flush with laptop case so it makes the laptop sit at an angle .	6-cell battery	neutral
There was too much play in the plug which caused the connection to be intermittent .	plug	neutral
There was too much play in the plug which caused the connection to be intermittent .	connection	neutral
I make use of external harddrives ( and the cloud ) as it is , both for convenience and archival / redundancy purposes , and do n't anticipate having any real space constraint .	external harddrives	neutral
I make use of external harddrives ( and the cloud ) as it is , both for convenience and archival / redundancy purposes , and do n't anticipate having any real space constraint .	space	neutral
I used the battery right away .	battery	neutral
Easy to carry NO !	carry	neutral
good case .	case	neutral
It 's just a perfect size for stashing my iPod touch , ear buds , and assorted cables and chargers , and having them in this pocket keeps them from ending up at the bottom of the bag with everything else on top of them .	size	neutral
Currently have to use my laptop which provides a max of 500mAh.*Only allows for bluetooth connectivity .	bluetooth connectivity	neutral
As usual case logic brings great quality / price relation .	quality	neutral
As usual case logic brings great quality / price relation .	price relation	neutral
Once you upgrade the memory how could you ask for anything more for the money ?	memory	neutral
Cell BatteryThis is a great little computer .	Cell BatteryThis	neutral
no problem picking up the signal from my router and download speeds are very high .	download speeds	neutral
The cool , click and lift keyboard provides access to check the wireless antenna but that does not help the range and speed problems .	click	neutral
The cool , click and lift keyboard provides access to check the wireless antenna but that does not help the range and speed problems .	wireless antenna	neutral
The cool , click and lift keyboard provides access to check the wireless antenna but that does not help the range and speed problems .	speed	neutral
Sadly , this webcam did n't handle the level of darkness I was hoping for ( a dark room lit only by a medium - bright LCD monitor ) but just a little more light and the picture is good .	webcam	neutral
Sadly , this webcam did n't handle the level of darkness I was hoping for ( a dark room lit only by a medium - bright LCD monitor ) but just a little more light and the picture is good .	picture	neutral
A weak cell signal is a common problem with concrete and metal buildings shielding those signals out .	cell signal	neutral
There are four ports on the hub , but three of them are a bit close together , which is normally not a problem , but still something to consider when purchasing .	ports	neutral
There are four ports on the hub , but three of them are a bit close together , which is normally not a problem , but still something to consider when purchasing .	hub	neutral
I continually experienced jammed CDs , and the lack of a mechanical ejector is a major negative .	mechanical ejector	neutral
Really easy to install .	install	neutral
The legs release and unreleased by a simple twist turn on the rubber knobs though the legs do n't slide out all that readily .	legs	neutral
The legs release and unreleased by a simple twist turn on the rubber knobs though the legs do n't slide out all that readily .	rubber knobs	neutral
The legs release and unreleased by a simple twist turn on the rubber knobs though the legs do n't slide out all that readily .	legs	neutral
I was at work when I received the package and several colleagues who were near had some very creative things to tell me once they saw the colorful strap .	strap	neutral
I would now recommend this to anyone based on the product and support provided !	support	neutral
The widescreen HD is great and really improves the quality of calls on Skype tremendously .	widescreen HD	neutral
No additional pockets or anything , just a sleeve for it with some padding , but that was all we wanted .	pockets	neutral
No additional pockets or anything , just a sleeve for it with some padding , but that was all we wanted .	sleeve	neutral
But great for daily use browsing , email , desktop apps , many games , chat / skype etc .	browsing	neutral
But great for daily use browsing , email , desktop apps , many games , chat / skype etc .	games	neutral
and I 'm afraid that the zipper will scratch and wear down the corners	zipper	neutral
The battery life is solid ( around 5 hours using a slightly dimmed display ) and the thing boots quickly .	battery life	neutral
The battery life is solid ( around 5 hours using a slightly dimmed display ) and the thing boots quickly .	display	neutral
The battery life is solid ( around 5 hours using a slightly dimmed display ) and the thing boots quickly .	boots	neutral
If you heard how horrible ViewSonics Customer Service was let me assure you that it is all true .	ViewSonics Customer Service	neutral
Either the camera was covered , or the screen was covered ...	camera	neutral
Either the camera was covered , or the screen was covered ...	screen	neutral
Top pocket zippers seem a bit cheap , hope they last ( could just be my perception).Possible protection issues	protection	neutral
If your system has a SATA connector , this is an invaluable upgrade .	SATA connector	neutral
This is great quality protector for your MacBook Pro .	protector	neutral
As a longtime user of ZAGG InvisibleSHIELD products , I have to admit that I was a bit uneasy ordering this ( expensive ) screen shield for my new iPad 2 .	InvisibleSHIELD	neutral
As a longtime user of ZAGG InvisibleSHIELD products , I have to admit that I was a bit uneasy ordering this ( expensive ) screen shield for my new iPad 2 .	screen shield	neutral
I also notice a difference when charging Anker 's portable charger that it charges much faster and does n't require the whole night for it to be full from 1 line .	charges	neutral
Solid construction .	construction	neutral
) Pain that they do n't have High Res w/ glossy in stores -- so difficult to compare .	glossy	neutral
The monitor is in perfect condition , no visual artifacts , no back light bleeding .	monitor	neutral
The monitor is in perfect condition , no visual artifacts , no back light bleeding .	visual	neutral
Since you have to download the app , there 's no documentation for it .	app	neutral
just say tech support sucks and is near non - existent .	tech support	neutral
This would have saved the day many times in campgrounds with flaky wireless networks .	wireless networks	neutral
It is more powerful than the original battery at a very reasonable cost .	battery	neutral
It is more powerful than the original battery at a very reasonable cost .	cost	neutral
The phone spot will hold the longer iPhone 5 but the magnets that close the pocket are to low to get over the iPhone .	phone spot	neutral
The phone spot will hold the longer iPhone 5 but the magnets that close the pocket are to low to get over the iPhone .	magnets	neutral
The phone spot will hold the longer iPhone 5 but the magnets that close the pocket are to low to get over the iPhone .	pocket	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
I think it would be better with more ram and the flip screen needs a little work	ram	neutral
I think it would be better with more ram and the flip screen needs a little work	flip screen	neutral
Unfortunately , when I went to the Apple site to review and price their batteries , the ratings were very poor and no better , if not worse , than the ratings on the batteries sold on Amazon .	batteries	neutral
Unfortunately , when I went to the Apple site to review and price their batteries , the ratings were very poor and no better , if not worse , than the ratings on the batteries sold on Amazon .	batteries	neutral
This is a power inverter - it takes my 12V DC battery and turns it into 120V AC .	power inverter	neutral
I bought this Wacom from Amazon after returning a Penpower tablet that I was not happy with .	Penpower	neutral
the battery use is about 4 solid hours .	battery use	neutral
Great shoullder straps .	straps	neutral
The memory capacities are huge .	memory capacities	neutral
I got the keyboard in and it looks great .	keyboard	neutral
5lbs , and under 3lbs with the shoulder strap ( 2 .	shoulder strap	neutral
The lens caps fit my Canon Rebel t3 so well , I 'm using them instead of the Canon len caps .	lens caps	neutral
Corsair delivers with quality value ram .	ram	neutral
Got a couple of pockets for putting 2 cd's / dvd 's .	cd's	neutral
Would not hold a charge at all ! !	charge	neutral
I would avoid this batter and go with a different brand .	batter	neutral
I bought this battery in mid - Oct 2013 for my Dell D630 laptop .	battery	neutral
The zippered compartment in the front is big enough for my external drive , my multicard reader , minimouse , charger , and little SD cards if I desire .	zippered compartment	neutral
The zippered compartment in the front is big enough for my external drive , my multicard reader , minimouse , charger , and little SD cards if I desire .	external drive	neutral
The zippered compartment in the front is big enough for my external drive , my multicard reader , minimouse , charger , and little SD cards if I desire .	multicard reader	neutral
The zippered compartment in the front is big enough for my external drive , my multicard reader , minimouse , charger , and little SD cards if I desire .	minimouse	neutral
The zippered compartment in the front is big enough for my external drive , my multicard reader , minimouse , charger , and little SD cards if I desire .	charger	neutral
The zippered compartment in the front is big enough for my external drive , my multicard reader , minimouse , charger , and little SD cards if I desire .	SD cards	neutral
There is one , more expensive , that will fit and screws will align and fit as well .	screws	neutral
Also I usually just pull the flash drive out without going through the " safely remove " steps and have NEVER lost data .	flash drive	neutral
The plastic is thinner than you would believe .	plastic	neutral
If I press the built - in indicator on the battery , it shows no illuminated LEDs .	built - in indicator	neutral
If I press the built - in indicator on the battery , it shows no illuminated LEDs .	battery	neutral
Great screen , moderately fast browser and all software working well .	screen	neutral
Great screen , moderately fast browser and all software working well .	browser	neutral
Great screen , moderately fast browser and all software working well .	software	neutral
An unintentional child proof feature.-Mouse pad software .	feature.-Mouse pad software	neutral
I would have never believed it was possible since my original 6-cell battery barely made it past an hour ...	6-cell battery	neutral
You never know what you 'll get when you buy a replacement rechargable battery .	rechargable battery	neutral
I strongly advice using MacBook on a open bottom surface , such as laptop stand with an open bottom surface area for ventilation , when using Vista .	bottom surface	neutral
I strongly advice using MacBook on a open bottom surface , such as laptop stand with an open bottom surface area for ventilation , when using Vista .	Vista	neutral
Horrible , it never held a charge from day 1 !	charge	neutral
it 's no problem , but if you have a bunch of drives , it will be a nightmare .	drives	neutral
have iTunes installed , few games , and also connect my Nike+ watch amongst other things )	iTunes	neutral
have iTunes installed , few games , and also connect my Nike+ watch amongst other things )	games	neutral
Bass is tighter & features clean decay ; it feels like going from a ported to a sealed - enclosure sub .	Bass	neutral
If you are used to a larger screen , it might be worth it to look at one in person and surf the web a bit to see if you can live with it .	screen	neutral
Maybe this company should make custom covers for laptops .	covers	neutral
Quality is decent	Quality	neutral
Love that it has Windows 7	Windows 7	neutral
Dell Inspiron and all of its accessories fit nicely into this more - than - adequate carrier .	carrier	neutral
If you ignore the idiots rating this item poorly on Amazon ( how about the complete moron who said , " Shipping problems from Amazon " and rated it 1 star and did n't even buy it ? ! ! !	Shipping	neutral
so I can remotely access my MacBook from my Windows machines , but since it was using a wireless connect , it was a bit slow .	wireless connect	neutral
Customer service is based in Europe .	Customer service	neutral
, it 's been 6 months and this memory has withstood almost 24/7/180 days of a pre - schooler 's demanding and persistent usage , with no glitches or problems .	memory	neutral
, THE CORDS WERE SMALLER , ADAPTERS RUNNING " HOTTER " TO TOUCH .	CORDS	neutral
, THE CORDS WERE SMALLER , ADAPTERS RUNNING " HOTTER " TO TOUCH .	ADAPTERS	neutral
" Toshiba Satellite fits quite comfortably , and there are enough pockets to carry the things I use with my laptop .	pockets	neutral
It would be cool to be able to run native Android apps on this , but it wo nt - again , it 's not meant to be an Android laptop .	Android apps	neutral
Sound is great .	Sound	neutral
Do n't believe their numbers about it lasting for 4 hours , as in real life use ( somewhat conservative ) running a netflix video over Wifi , with the screen at about half intensity , processor running slower , hard drive set to power down , you can expect to see about 2 1/2 hours of run time .	processor	neutral
Do n't believe their numbers about it lasting for 4 hours , as in real life use ( somewhat conservative ) running a netflix video over Wifi , with the screen at about half intensity , processor running slower , hard drive set to power down , you can expect to see about 2 1/2 hours of run time .	hard drive	neutral
Do n't believe their numbers about it lasting for 4 hours , as in real life use ( somewhat conservative ) running a netflix video over Wifi , with the screen at about half intensity , processor running slower , hard drive set to power down , you can expect to see about 2 1/2 hours of run time .	run time	neutral
You get the best wifi connection	wifi connection	neutral
( I 've never liked the glossy screen my MacBook came with and wish I 'd paid extra for the traditional matte screen ) .	screen	neutral
I would recommend it to anyone who frequently uses multiple computers ( i. e. students ) or needs to move files across operating systems .	operating systems	neutral
I purchased this product for two reasons : 1 ) one of my kids pulled my original charging cord out by the cord and it pulled away from the head and 2 ) I use my tablet a lot and wanted a cord that would reach from my power strip on the floor to where I sit on the couch	charging cord	neutral
I purchased this product for two reasons : 1 ) one of my kids pulled my original charging cord out by the cord and it pulled away from the head and 2 ) I use my tablet a lot and wanted a cord that would reach from my power strip on the floor to where I sit on the couch	cord	neutral
It is easy to install and very small to carry .	install	neutral
If Cisco Connect decides it can not talk to the router ( which is frequent if you change the router 's configuration via the Web interface ) , then you have to reset the router to factory defaults and then restart from the beginning .	Cisco Connect	neutral
If Cisco Connect decides it can not talk to the router ( which is frequent if you change the router 's configuration via the Web interface ) , then you have to reset the router to factory defaults and then restart from the beginning .	configuration	neutral
If Cisco Connect decides it can not talk to the router ( which is frequent if you change the router 's configuration via the Web interface ) , then you have to reset the router to factory defaults and then restart from the beginning .	Web interface	neutral
The zippers and teeth get caught when I 'm trying to close the laptop .	zippers	neutral
As soon as I got my laptop , I replaced the memory and it works great !	memory	neutral
I appreciate this because i d does n't feel dainty , and it 's easy to get a grip on it and use the functions .	functions	neutral
The previous battery was completely dead .	battery	neutral
I was also interested in the 120hz model , but chose this model as it was $ 400 - 500 less .	120hz	neutral
The 120hz automotion plus makes HD movie viewing 100 times more enjoyable and is so chrystal clear .	120hz automotion plus	neutral
The 120hz automotion plus makes HD movie viewing 100 times more enjoyable and is so chrystal clear .	HD movie viewing	neutral
Matte finish looks good and dedicated number pad is perfect for those working with numbers .	dedicated	neutral
Matte finish looks good and dedicated number pad is perfect for those working with numbers .	number pad	neutral
the audio is clear , the cam is clear --- except for tech problems related to the I - net----NOT the web - cam .	audio	neutral
the audio is clear , the cam is clear --- except for tech problems related to the I - net----NOT the web - cam .	cam	neutral
the audio is clear , the cam is clear --- except for tech problems related to the I - net----NOT the web - cam .	tech	neutral
the audio is clear , the cam is clear --- except for tech problems related to the I - net----NOT the web - cam .	I - net----NOT	neutral
the audio is clear , the cam is clear --- except for tech problems related to the I - net----NOT the web - cam .	web - cam	neutral
and I use this cord to transfer them to my Kindle .	cord	neutral
I picked this enclosure up expecting it to not work for my BluRay drive ( or only recognize it as a DVD - ROM ) .	enclosure	neutral
I picked this enclosure up expecting it to not work for my BluRay drive ( or only recognize it as a DVD - ROM ) .	BluRay drive	neutral
I picked this enclosure up expecting it to not work for my BluRay drive ( or only recognize it as a DVD - ROM ) .	DVD - ROM	neutral
The ends are reinforced and feels very very sturdy .	ends	neutral
Build quality is very good .	Build quality	neutral
Read on : LOOK & FEEL : The case looks alright , not much to write home about .	LOOK	neutral
Read on : LOOK & FEEL : The case looks alright , not much to write home about .	case	neutral
I formatted the card and stored more pictures and videos ( for my phone ) and then it stopped working again .	card	neutral
6 Laptop and this sleeve works fine , snug as a bug in a rug .	sleeve	neutral
They hold the batteries secure .	batteries	neutral
While it 's true that someone sitting next to you on a plane would have difficulty seeing your screen , it 's not hidden from people sitting behind you or people walking down the aisle , etc .	screen	neutral
Tried to charge it one day and it would n't charge .	charge	neutral
so I could n't use it with a portable power source .	power source	neutral
It remembers the connection from then on unless you pair the keyboard with another device .	keyboard	neutral
The space - age Coffee Cup design is contemporary , but not entirely attractive .	Coffee Cup design	neutral
It does n't connect with the screen very well .	screen	neutral
If you can deal with this then go for it , otherwise , choose another battery .	battery	neutral
I love the zoom feature in Mac ( i have vision problems looking @ small fonts .	zoom feature	neutral
The device connects itself and displays a strong signal status on a device management page and has all the links for self provisioning online , then it becomes a nightmare .	device management page	neutral
I still have n't figured it out , and am about halfway to wanting to just cut it off the case .	case	neutral
REPEAT , HAALI codecs are not compatible up the video editor .	video editor	neutral
It supposed to be functional , but the backlit keyboard and several function keys are apparently not working .	backlit keyboard	neutral
It supposed to be functional , but the backlit keyboard and several function keys are apparently not working .	function keys	neutral
I 'm using it in an office , I do n't play many games - so	games	neutral
Charge time for going from dead battery to 100 % is a bit more than 3 hours , which I think is worse than it used to be .	Charge time	neutral
Charge time for going from dead battery to 100 % is a bit more than 3 hours , which I think is worse than it used to be .	battery	neutral
I have not heard of Kinivo before buying this product , but the sound is incredible from such a small form factor speaker .	sound	neutral
I have not heard of Kinivo before buying this product , but the sound is incredible from such a small form factor speaker .	form factor speaker	neutral
HP engineers also elected to use a single heat sink to cool both the GPU and the CPU .	heat sink	neutral
HP engineers also elected to use a single heat sink to cool both the GPU and the CPU .	GPU	neutral
HP engineers also elected to use a single heat sink to cool both the GPU and the CPU .	CPU	neutral
Fast shipping .	shipping	neutral
Dual Display Universal Docking Station .	Dual Display Universal Docking Station	neutral
I took my chances and am pleased to say this battery is great .	battery	neutral
I still will give it a 5star because it is a direct competitor for the Microsoft Xbox 360 brand network adapter 's pricing , will guarantee you wo nt find any better on the market so far .	Xbox 360 brand	neutral
I still will give it a 5star because it is a direct competitor for the Microsoft Xbox 360 brand network adapter 's pricing , will guarantee you wo nt find any better on the market so far .	network adapter	neutral
I still will give it a 5star because it is a direct competitor for the Microsoft Xbox 360 brand network adapter 's pricing , will guarantee you wo nt find any better on the market so far .	pricing	neutral
I 'm quite happy with the pen functions of the tablet , it works well for art and graphics and really opened up new areas for me ( a non - artist ) .	pen functions	neutral
I 'm quite happy with the pen functions of the tablet , it works well for art and graphics and really opened up new areas for me ( a non - artist ) .	graphics	neutral
and I 'm absolutely blown away by the quality of the picture with gaming on this TV , especially the 360 .	gaming	neutral
I bought this so that I could use both my light up water speakers and generic computer speakers ( w / sub ) at the same time .	speakers	neutral
It appears to stop the charging at ~92 % a majority of the time with this setting .	charging	neutral
Of course , on the other hand , there are many applications that might need a long cable .	applications	neutral
Of course , on the other hand , there are many applications that might need a long cable .	cable	neutral
They were recessed into the micro - usb connector , so whenever it was clipped into something , the cable would fall out as the two metal clips held it in place until pulled .	micro - usb connector	neutral
They were recessed into the micro - usb connector , so whenever it was clipped into something , the cable would fall out as the two metal clips held it in place until pulled .	cable	neutral
Particularly , loss or rubber feet ( always catches you by surprise ) .	rubber feet	neutral
I ended up buying aMoshi iVisor XT Screen Protection for iPad ( Clear ) , which is leaps and bounds superior to the Zagg InvisibleShield .	Screen Protection for iPad	neutral
I ended up buying aMoshi iVisor XT Screen Protection for iPad ( Clear ) , which is leaps and bounds superior to the Zagg InvisibleShield .	InvisibleShield	neutral
There is an on - off switch on the side and a blue LED underneath that shows it 's working .	on - off switch	neutral
You get roughly 3 hours of battery time from the standard battery if you do standard word , outlook , powerpoint work .	battery time	neutral
You get roughly 3 hours of battery time from the standard battery if you do standard word , outlook , powerpoint work .	battery	neutral
You get roughly 3 hours of battery time from the standard battery if you do standard word , outlook , powerpoint work .	word	neutral
You get roughly 3 hours of battery time from the standard battery if you do standard word , outlook , powerpoint work .	outlook	neutral
I unplugged my laptop , took out the battery , popped cover off , inserted memory , snapped it into place .	battery	neutral
I unplugged my laptop , took out the battery , popped cover off , inserted memory , snapped it into place .	memory	neutral
Its not like I wasted money on this cordless mouse as I now use it on my laptop .	cordless mouse	neutral
I bought this monitor a couple years ago for competitive gaming and it has served me well .	gaming	neutral
I called Customer Services regarding the missing built - in WebCam and she said I could accept the 20usd coupon or return the laptop for a refund , and nothing else Amazon could do .	Customer Services	neutral
I called Customer Services regarding the missing built - in WebCam and she said I could accept the 20usd coupon or return the laptop for a refund , and nothing else Amazon could do .	built - in WebCam	neutral
After very little use the power button to the bag stopped working which ruined the charging part .	power button to	neutral
After very little use the power button to the bag stopped working which ruined the charging part .	charging part	neutral
* Has Velcro straps on the inside in logical spots	Velcro straps	neutral
And I will tell you you do need to look at the instructions .	instructions	neutral
We are very disappointed in the performance of this battery and are returning it .	performance	neutral
We are very disappointed in the performance of this battery and are returning it .	battery	neutral
Much less heat generated , performance about the same for normal tasks ( Windows Rating Index is 4 . 8 , mine is 4 .	performance	neutral
Much less heat generated , performance about the same for normal tasks ( Windows Rating Index is 4 . 8 , mine is 4 .	Windows Rating Index	neutral
( 1st charge takes bit longer ) and the charge lasts much longer than I 'm used to .	charge	neutral
( 1st charge takes bit longer ) and the charge lasts much longer than I 'm used to .	charge	neutral
Editing 10/06/13 to add I have had this case for a few months and the corners are breaking off and the little rubber footpads are coming off as well .	corners	neutral
Editing 10/06/13 to add I have had this case for a few months and the corners are breaking off and the little rubber footpads are coming off as well .	rubber footpads	neutral
Notes of Caution:- This is an SDHC ( with the HC underlined ) card .	SDHC	neutral
Customer service this bad is the stuff of comedy routines .	Customer service	neutral
The new black backlit keys are MUCH easier to see and feel great !	black backlit keys	neutral
About the only thing I would like to have seen would be a worldclock input for synchronizing analog recordings to digital cameras , but the size of the bnc connector would have nixed that option in this handheld product .	worldclock input	neutral
About the only thing I would like to have seen would be a worldclock input for synchronizing analog recordings to digital cameras , but the size of the bnc connector would have nixed that option in this handheld product .	size	neutral
About the only thing I would like to have seen would be a worldclock input for synchronizing analog recordings to digital cameras , but the size of the bnc connector would have nixed that option in this handheld product .	bnc connector	neutral
I actually prefer it to the mighty mouse .	mighty mouse	neutral
The big benefits of this particular Android model is that it has external ports for external storage and HDMI .	external ports	neutral
The big benefits of this particular Android model is that it has external ports for external storage and HDMI .	external storage	neutral
The big benefits of this particular Android model is that it has external ports for external storage and HDMI .	HDMI	neutral
But I 'm , frankly , a little disappointed in its sound quality , and it seems cheaply made .	sound quality	neutral
Belkin Hard mount with battery charger .	Belkin Hard mount	neutral
Belkin Hard mount with battery charger .	battery charger	neutral
I hate doing that because it scratches up and cracks the face plates around the ports .	face plates	neutral
I hate doing that because it scratches up and cracks the face plates around the ports .	ports	neutral
One thing I have to clear out is that this speaker will not give you home theater quality sound , it sounds great for it 's size but do n't expect it to do more than it actually can .	size	neutral
They are fairly loud , but the sound quality is meh .	sound quality	neutral
Being a grad student I was looking for budget speakers and was definitely impressed by them when I got them .	speakers	neutral
A very durable product and will accept wear gracefully and keep on & # 34;trucking&#34;. A good price for a durable product .	price	neutral
I recommend this carrying case .	carrying case	neutral
drive- Backup hard disk or backup memory	drive-	neutral
drive- Backup hard disk or backup memory	backup memory	neutral
This is a very sturdy charge only cable .	charge only cable	neutral
As for the ink refills , you can get any micro - ball pen refills .	ink refills	neutral
As for the ink refills , you can get any micro - ball pen refills .	micro - ball pen	neutral
If you use your LP on battery a lot and like the feel of the cooler , you will find yourself being selective as to how much you run the fans . Turning them off on this cooler and leaving it under your unit will result in very little heat being transferred to the plastic .	battery	neutral
If you use your LP on battery a lot and like the feel of the cooler , you will find yourself being selective as to how much you run the fans . Turning them off on this cooler and leaving it under your unit will result in very little heat being transferred to the plastic .	fans	neutral
Connections to networks ( wired and wireless ) easier than under XP .	Connections to	neutral
The keys are very poor quality .	keys	neutral
With the computer 's network adapter I usually got speeds of 1 . 5 to 2 .	network adapter	neutral
With the computer 's network adapter I usually got speeds of 1 . 5 to 2 .	speeds	neutral
It only came with one item to help you attach the table to the keyboard .	table	neutral
It only came with one item to help you attach the table to the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
It is fine for those purposes but you should not get it if you are doing heavy processing or memory - intensive tasks .	processing	neutral
It is fine for those purposes but you should not get it if you are doing heavy processing or memory - intensive tasks .	memory -	neutral
In my case , I was already using a Griffin iMic , USB audio adapter to amplify my current headset that I use for VOIP .	iMic ,	neutral
In my case , I was already using a Griffin iMic , USB audio adapter to amplify my current headset that I use for VOIP .	USB audio adapter	neutral
I would absolutely recommend this television to any looking for a high quality flat screen .	screen	neutral
Price was right .	Price	neutral
Not a lot of features but just right to carry ipad and cables when traveling for work	features	neutral
I take it to meetings to take minutes ( Open Office ) , keyboard is big enough ; later transfer the files to my desktop ( thumb drive as I can not make the One see the Win network ) , edit , print and email the minutes .	keyboard	neutral
I take it to meetings to take minutes ( Open Office ) , keyboard is big enough ; later transfer the files to my desktop ( thumb drive as I can not make the One see the Win network ) , edit , print and email the minutes .	Win network	neutral
It is well built and compact , making it easy to transport .	built	neutral
It is well built and compact , making it easy to transport .	transport	neutral
I can plug in my lamp / clock / etc . without needing a power strip ( which is what I had before).I also leave a couple USB cables plugged in .	power strip	neutral
I can plug in my lamp / clock / etc . without needing a power strip ( which is what I had before).I also leave a couple USB cables plugged in .	USB cables	neutral
The drive is not terrible .	drive	neutral
Big improvement over the old battery and my parents report that after a few months it is still performing well .	battery	neutral
Big improvement over the old battery and my parents report that after a few months it is still performing well .	performing	neutral
Very good product at a very good price .	price	neutral
This is a spare laptop that is n't used very often , but it appears this battery will work very well for my needs .	battery	neutral
My D600 uses a Spade - type of HDD interface connection .	HDD interface connection	neutral
The BEST Microfiber cloths I 've ever used .	Microfiber cloths	neutral
Things like aircards , antennas , card readers , connectors for an external mouse , etc .	aircards	neutral
Things like aircards , antennas , card readers , connectors for an external mouse , etc .	antennas	neutral
Things like aircards , antennas , card readers , connectors for an external mouse , etc .	card readers	neutral
Things like aircards , antennas , card readers , connectors for an external mouse , etc .	connectors	neutral
Things like aircards , antennas , card readers , connectors for an external mouse , etc .	external mouse	neutral
The enclosure consists of two parts .	enclosure	neutral
Gaming mouse provided by aLLreli for testing and reviewing purposes .	Gaming mouse	neutral
If Google decides that you may not run Netflix tomorrow , Netflix is gone .	Netflix	neutral
In fact , it cuts down on the glare from the overhead lights	overhead lights	neutral
Thorny ThumbstickMy main complaint with the thumbstick is that it is just not comfortable .	ThumbstickMy	neutral
Thorny ThumbstickMy main complaint with the thumbstick is that it is just not comfortable .	thumbstick	neutral
So ... YES for only use with flash memory sticks .	flash memory sticks	neutral
The price here was more reasonable than at the chain superstore .	price	neutral
This product has a small footprint but carries a lot of power .	footprint	neutral
This product has a small footprint but carries a lot of power .	power	neutral
Price was good .	Price	neutral
Another PA-3E adapter works fine on my PC , so it is definitely this product that is the problem .	PA-3E adapter	neutral
I see the speed listed at 1 . 0 Gbps when connected to a 1 . 0 Gbps switch .	speed	neutral
Slowest flash drive on the planet .	flash drive	neutral
It was easy to install ( simply plug into an open port ) and works great so far .	install	neutral
It was easy to install ( simply plug into an open port ) and works great so far .	works	neutral
I played music with , and without the amp , and the difference is quite remarkable .	amp	neutral
It probably does not have the same capacity , but for the price I ca n't complain .	capacity	neutral
It probably does not have the same capacity , but for the price I ca n't complain .	price	neutral
to charge using the provided USB cable .	charge	neutral
to charge using the provided USB cable .	USB cable	neutral
Acer was n't the least bit helpful , but the Toshiba forum moderator was quite responsive and tried very hard - but neither company was able to make it work .	Toshiba forum moderator	neutral
Places for everything and above average quality .	quality	neutral
as they often have micro usb ports .	micro usb ports	neutral
I was looking for a cheaper set than this , but I have learned you get the best sound from a larger subwoofer .	sound	neutral
I was looking for a cheaper set than this , but I have learned you get the best sound from a larger subwoofer .	subwoofer	neutral
woudln't recognize any of my USB drive , so we called Sony to send a drive to us and problem mostly fixed .	USB drive	neutral
This adapter was purchased for a desktop unit to connect my various bluetooth devices .	bluetooth	neutral
Believe it or not , my " mousepad " was the rounded arm of my maple sitting chair.)The top of the mouse	mousepad	neutral
i like the rubberized feel to this hard case .	rubberized feel	neutral
i like the rubberized feel to this hard case .	hard case	neutral
The picture is great .	picture	neutral
An stand - alone battery charger .	battery charger	neutral
I did a few full charge / discharge cycles like instructed	charge /	neutral
I did a few full charge / discharge cycles like instructed	discharge	neutral
zoom , 55 mm , and 35 - 125 mm lenses .	zoom	neutral
You can easily find tutorials online that help you set up the PS4 controller	PS4 controller	neutral
I also use the stand mode more than I thought I would .	stand mode	neutral
The small stuff , like lack of ports can all be fixed with hubs and USB plug ins .	ports	neutral
The small stuff , like lack of ports can all be fixed with hubs and USB plug ins .	hubs	neutral
The small stuff , like lack of ports can all be fixed with hubs and USB plug ins .	USB plug	neutral
i. e. , video rendering .	video rendering	neutral
so I have no idea if the keyboard itself is voltage sensitive or just has issues with non - alkaline batteries .	keyboard	neutral
so I have no idea if the keyboard itself is voltage sensitive or just has issues with non - alkaline batteries .	batteries	neutral
The MID-7048 does not have a USB port - so the keyboard can not be used with it .	USB port	neutral
The MID-7048 does not have a USB port - so the keyboard can not be used with it .	keyboard	neutral
The driver setup and installation on my Windows 7 ( 64 bit ) system was simple and painless , as it should be for such a simple device .	driver setup	neutral
The driver setup and installation on my Windows 7 ( 64 bit ) system was simple and painless , as it should be for such a simple device .	Windows 7 ( 64 bit ) system	neutral
Some guy gave it a 3 stars ... and he was explaining that the card failed ... saying that he had to format the card ...	card	neutral
Some guy gave it a 3 stars ... and he was explaining that the card failed ... saying that he had to format the card ...	card	neutral
The cost was competitive with the other brands of cases that I considered .	cost	neutral
For a low cost , compact antenna , I find this one a great deal .	cost	neutral
For a low cost , compact antenna , I find this one a great deal .	antenna	neutral
The time to receive the battery was acceptable .	battery	neutral
I read in the reviews that the cord was 6 feet long ( way too much ) however mine was actually about 2 ft long ( perfect size ) overall its a great product .	cord	neutral
I read in the reviews that the cord was 6 feet long ( way too much ) however mine was actually about 2 ft long ( perfect size ) overall its a great product .	size	neutral
It still has plenty of speed for my uses though .	speed	neutral
The internal Bluetooth and WLAN Card is NOT supported-	internal Bluetooth	neutral
The internal Bluetooth and WLAN Card is NOT supported-	WLAN Card	neutral
I bought this battery for my lenovo R61 .	battery	neutral
This allows the plug to move to many different positions in the plug configuration .	plug	neutral
This allows the plug to move to many different positions in the plug configuration .	plug configuration	neutral
DVDRW / CD - RW drive1 USB 3 . 0 and 2 USB	DVDRW / CD - RW drive1	neutral
DVDRW / CD - RW drive1 USB 3 . 0 and 2 USB	USB 3 . 0	neutral
DVDRW / CD - RW drive1 USB 3 . 0 and 2 USB	USB	neutral
A combined large hard drive and SSD drive for performance and quick boot times is a great touch .	hard drive	neutral
A combined large hard drive and SSD drive for performance and quick boot times is a great touch .	SSD drive	neutral
A combined large hard drive and SSD drive for performance and quick boot times is a great touch .	performance	neutral
A combined large hard drive and SSD drive for performance and quick boot times is a great touch .	boot times	neutral
Going to have a lot of storage space .	storage space	neutral
I installed the keyboard easily after watching a video on U Tube .	keyboard	neutral
Good comfort for a small price .	comfort	neutral
Good comfort for a small price .	price	neutral
The primary button was misclicking then stopped working .	primary button	neutral
The mouse is very responsive and the lighting makes it an attractive mouse .	mouse	neutral
The mouse is very responsive and the lighting makes it an attractive mouse .	lighting	neutral
The mouse is very responsive and the lighting makes it an attractive mouse .	mouse	neutral
No BluetoothIn all , I use every feature that comes with this Notebook .	BluetoothIn	neutral
No BluetoothIn all , I use every feature that comes with this Notebook .	feature	neutral
The one foot length is the perfect for a car , laptop bag , pocket or purse .	one foot length	neutral
In addition , the built - in microphone is excellent for calls .	built - in microphone	neutral
I 'm not sure about the other distributions , but I guess that Debian based ones will have similar performance .	Debian	neutral
I 'm not sure about the other distributions , but I guess that Debian based ones will have similar performance .	performance	neutral
The idea is to use a portable bluetooth speaker when it is late at night so as not to wake up the kids next room .	bluetooth speaker	neutral
The price was right and I could n't be happier with the build quality .	price	neutral
The price was right and I could n't be happier with the build quality .	build quality	neutral
One the keyboard is paired , type the six digit code on the keyboard , and then press enter , now you are off to the races .	keyboard	neutral
One the keyboard is paired , type the six digit code on the keyboard , and then press enter , now you are off to the races .	keyboard	neutral
Apparently HP only allows the ORIGINAL DRIVE to accept the user made recovery disks .	DRIVE	neutral
Apparently HP only allows the ORIGINAL DRIVE to accept the user made recovery disks .	recovery disks	neutral
We will be buying more for our church since speakers come with all kind of configuration needs .	speakers	neutral
We will be buying more for our church since speakers come with all kind of configuration needs .	configuration	neutral
The screen is rather nice .	screen	neutral
This battery gives the x220 Tablet an amazing amount of life .	battery	neutral
Used it for IR remote extension .	IR remote extension	neutral
This keyboard is a good item to have if you tend to type a bunch and have a phone or tablet to use .	keyboard	neutral
Prices will continue to come down , and traditional hard drive manufacturers will be forced to offer larger and larger drives at cheaper prices , as it will be the only way they can compete with a clearly superior technology .	Prices	neutral
Prices will continue to come down , and traditional hard drive manufacturers will be forced to offer larger and larger drives at cheaper prices , as it will be the only way they can compete with a clearly superior technology .	hard drive	neutral
Prices will continue to come down , and traditional hard drive manufacturers will be forced to offer larger and larger drives at cheaper prices , as it will be the only way they can compete with a clearly superior technology .	drives	neutral
Prices will continue to come down , and traditional hard drive manufacturers will be forced to offer larger and larger drives at cheaper prices , as it will be the only way they can compete with a clearly superior technology .	prices	neutral
Prices will continue to come down , and traditional hard drive manufacturers will be forced to offer larger and larger drives at cheaper prices , as it will be the only way they can compete with a clearly superior technology .	technology	neutral
Lots of space and easy to carry .	space	neutral
Lots of space and easy to carry .	carry	neutral
I was concerned the back would get scratched , and also found the back of the iPad somewhat slick which made it harder to hold comfortably while reading .	back	neutral
I was concerned the back would get scratched , and also found the back of the iPad somewhat slick which made it harder to hold comfortably while reading .	back of	neutral
With modest thought going in re : cable management , along with frequent pauses to assess , it was n't that difficult to keep things somewhat in order .	cable management	neutral
You also have to remove two screws that are hidden underneath the two back rubber feet .	rubber feet	neutral
Bought this when the battery of my wife 's Aspire 5516 died .	battery	neutral
When you don , t need a long cord this works great .	cord	neutral
This one works perfectly , no problems .	works	neutral
The material and built quality are excellent and I have not had any stability problems while using it .	material	neutral
The material and built quality are excellent and I have not had any stability problems while using it .	built quality	neutral
The material and built quality are excellent and I have not had any stability problems while using it .	stability	neutral
I am stunned at the picture quality .	picture quality	neutral
Host Controller and an NEC Electronics USB 3 . 0	Host Controller	neutral
Host Controller and an NEC Electronics USB 3 . 0	NEC Electronics USB 3 . 0	neutral
The cable length is just right	cable length	neutral
It 's a very functional sleeve in a nice color , especially the wasabi green inside , makes for a nice contrasting color .	sleeve	neutral
It 's a very functional sleeve in a nice color , especially the wasabi green inside , makes for a nice contrasting color .	color	neutral
It 's a very functional sleeve in a nice color , especially the wasabi green inside , makes for a nice contrasting color .	color	neutral
I own an Asus G46VW ( 14 ' Inch laptop ) and it fits perfectly inside , keeps it protected , it has enough pockets for my liking and the quality is great , been using it for a few months ( keep in mind my laptop weights a bit since its a gaming pc ) , that and my college books have n't damaged the backpack at all , there are no sings of wear on the straps or zips	pockets	neutral
I own an Asus G46VW ( 14 ' Inch laptop ) and it fits perfectly inside , keeps it protected , it has enough pockets for my liking and the quality is great , been using it for a few months ( keep in mind my laptop weights a bit since its a gaming pc ) , that and my college books have n't damaged the backpack at all , there are no sings of wear on the straps or zips	quality	neutral
I own an Asus G46VW ( 14 ' Inch laptop ) and it fits perfectly inside , keeps it protected , it has enough pockets for my liking and the quality is great , been using it for a few months ( keep in mind my laptop weights a bit since its a gaming pc ) , that and my college books have n't damaged the backpack at all , there are no sings of wear on the straps or zips	straps	neutral
I own an Asus G46VW ( 14 ' Inch laptop ) and it fits perfectly inside , keeps it protected , it has enough pockets for my liking and the quality is great , been using it for a few months ( keep in mind my laptop weights a bit since its a gaming pc ) , that and my college books have n't damaged the backpack at all , there are no sings of wear on the straps or zips	zips	neutral
If they were shining at me directly ( like the blinding power button on my computer ) , I 'd hate them ; but since the light is reflected and ambient , it 's pretty neat .	power button	neutral
Run the setup utility .	setup utility	neutral
A 7800 mAh battery will give you 5 hours per charge when it 's new .	7800 mAh battery	neutral
A 7800 mAh battery will give you 5 hours per charge when it 's new .	charge	neutral
The Air has the full - size keyboard	keyboard	neutral
This grid - it organizer cleaned up all the mess in my bag .	grid - it organizer	neutral
It does have instant start - up , but you do have to wait a few seconds before the mouse cursor appears .	start - up	neutral
It does have instant start - up , but you do have to wait a few seconds before the mouse cursor appears .	mouse cursor	neutral
Though the instructions are for windows 7 , it does work for Windows 8 .	instructions	neutral
Though the instructions are for windows 7 , it does work for Windows 8 .	windows 7	neutral
Though the instructions are for windows 7 , it does work for Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
Battery compartment was difficult to open and battery was quite loose inside - causing a power issue if bumped and while typing .	Battery compartment	neutral
Battery compartment was difficult to open and battery was quite loose inside - causing a power issue if bumped and while typing .	battery	neutral
Battery compartment was difficult to open and battery was quite loose inside - causing a power issue if bumped and while typing .	power	neutral
Over the last few months I had to keep reseting the WAP as it would freeze ( no loss of signal , just freeze ) .	signal	neutral
While the touch side of Windows 8 is very capable , in day to day use , no Windows machine is quite as nice to use in conventional mode .	touch side	neutral
While the touch side of Windows 8 is very capable , in day to day use , no Windows machine is quite as nice to use in conventional mode .	Windows 8	neutral
" Battery not recognized " ( not the exact words - but something similar " ) - I could not test this item since it did not work with my laptop so I am giving it only 1 star .	Battery	neutral
It has numerous pockets and sub - pockets and is well padded , including the straps .	pockets	neutral
It has numerous pockets and sub - pockets and is well padded , including the straps .	straps	neutral
Aside from that , the cover works wwell and you can see the keys okay .	cover	neutral
Aside from that , the cover works wwell and you can see the keys okay .	keys	neutral
I purchased this item because my granddaughter kept forgetting to bring her charger over .	charger	neutral
I 'd never heard of Vanguard before , but the quality was really nice and it was the perfect size for what I wanted to have portable on foot : body w / lensextra lens2 speedlitesa	quality	neutral
I 'd never heard of Vanguard before , but the quality was really nice and it was the perfect size for what I wanted to have portable on foot : body w / lensextra lens2 speedlitesa	size	neutral
I 'd never heard of Vanguard before , but the quality was really nice and it was the perfect size for what I wanted to have portable on foot : body w / lensextra lens2 speedlitesa	body	neutral
I 'd never heard of Vanguard before , but the quality was really nice and it was the perfect size for what I wanted to have portable on foot : body w / lensextra lens2 speedlitesa	lensextra lens2 speedlitesa	neutral
This keyboard is a few dollars more than some others , but I think you 'll find it to be well worth the difference if your looking for a quality product ..	keyboard	neutral
If the pouch was lowered a little then it would n't be an issue .	pouch	neutral
But this USB adapter is fantastic .	USB adapter	neutral
I loaded the drivers , popped it in and it worked , no fuss .	drivers	neutral
It 's very nicely designed , looks great , is very portable , has a great display , a fine keyboard , very good performance , and some nice bits like a full size HDMI port .	designed	neutral
It 's very nicely designed , looks great , is very portable , has a great display , a fine keyboard , very good performance , and some nice bits like a full size HDMI port .	display	neutral
It 's very nicely designed , looks great , is very portable , has a great display , a fine keyboard , very good performance , and some nice bits like a full size HDMI port .	keyboard	neutral
It 's very nicely designed , looks great , is very portable , has a great display , a fine keyboard , very good performance , and some nice bits like a full size HDMI port .	performance	neutral
It 's very nicely designed , looks great , is very portable , has a great display , a fine keyboard , very good performance , and some nice bits like a full size HDMI port .	HDMI port	neutral
GPU 's in laptops that are n't exactly cheap	GPU	neutral
Checked the connection speed to my router through the network status in the control panel , " 300 Mbps " ....	connection speed	neutral
Transcend brand will now be my number 1 choice for SD cards .	Transcend	neutral
Transcend brand will now be my number 1 choice for SD cards .	SD cards	neutral
The speakers are awful in several ways like : low sound , terrible location ( at the front bottom ) , and overall low quality sound .	speakers	neutral
The speakers are awful in several ways like : low sound , terrible location ( at the front bottom ) , and overall low quality sound .	sound	neutral
The speakers are awful in several ways like : low sound , terrible location ( at the front bottom ) , and overall low quality sound .	location	neutral
The speakers are awful in several ways like : low sound , terrible location ( at the front bottom ) , and overall low quality sound .	sound	neutral
The top compartment has pockets to put more " stuff " like munchies or a light weight jacket or both .	pockets	neutral
, I KNOW this is a " Safety System " to protect the electrical system of the vehicle .	Safety System	neutral
, I KNOW this is a " Safety System " to protect the electrical system of the vehicle .	electrical system	neutral
DVD / VCR combo , HP Media Extender and Cox HD DVR through a Pioneer VSX-1018AH - K.	DVD / VCR combo	neutral
DVD / VCR combo , HP Media Extender and Cox HD DVR through a Pioneer VSX-1018AH - K.	HP Media Extender	neutral
DVD / VCR combo , HP Media Extender and Cox HD DVR through a Pioneer VSX-1018AH - K.	Cox HD DVR	neutral
I was however impressed with the volume it can produce .	volume	neutral
and I could have got a more known brand for that price , but non of those well known brand out there even came close to these beauties in terms of looks and aesthetics !	price	neutral
and I could have got a more known brand for that price , but non of those well known brand out there even came close to these beauties in terms of looks and aesthetics !	looks	neutral
and I could have got a more known brand for that price , but non of those well known brand out there even came close to these beauties in terms of looks and aesthetics !	aesthetics	neutral
This item works great .	works	neutral
( Fast Core i5 Processor and a lot of RAM!)+ Starts back up within a few seconds after on	Core i5 Processor	neutral
( Fast Core i5 Processor and a lot of RAM!)+ Starts back up within a few seconds after on	RAM!)+	neutral
( Fast Core i5 Processor and a lot of RAM!)+ Starts back up within a few seconds after on	Starts back up	neutral
. 6 " laptops since they do n't all have the exact same dimensions even if their screen size is the same .	dimensions	neutral
. 6 " laptops since they do n't all have the exact same dimensions even if their screen size is the same .	screen size	neutral
I did n't use the backup software that it came with , because I used my own which I love .	backup software	neutral
Not wanting to spend another $ 50 , I will be sticking with XP .	XP	neutral
: Unless you have a new printer that supports Google Cloud print the ability to print was a shortcoming of chromebooks .	Google Cloud print	neutral
That way you do n't loose a port	port	neutral
I was n't sure if this would be compatible with Linux ( Ubuntu 13 . 10 ) , but it worked right out of the box .	Linux	neutral
I also got caught in a small burst of rain and the bag seemed to hold up nicely in the rain , even before I put on the rain cover that 's included .	rain cover	neutral
I needed a few extra USB ports on my laptop but did n't want the hassle of having to have an additional power source or mess with software .	USB ports	neutral
I needed a few extra USB ports on my laptop but did n't want the hassle of having to have an additional power source or mess with software .	power source	neutral
I needed a few extra USB ports on my laptop but did n't want the hassle of having to have an additional power source or mess with software .	software	neutral
This is not a bad battery life .	battery life	neutral
Once the network is set up , it gets the latest update automatically .	network	neutral
the forward and back buttons are very useful .	forward	neutral
This should Autoplay a program on the C120 called " Acer DisplayPal " which will mirror your laptop display at default setting of 800X600 but can be manually set to WXGA (	program	neutral
This should Autoplay a program on the C120 called " Acer DisplayPal " which will mirror your laptop display at default setting of 800X600 but can be manually set to WXGA (	DisplayPal	neutral
This should Autoplay a program on the C120 called " Acer DisplayPal " which will mirror your laptop display at default setting of 800X600 but can be manually set to WXGA (	display	neutral
So , started a frustrating process of dealing with Acer service .	Acer service	neutral
The eco - utility settings that reduce the amount of power the computer consumes really works but also dims the screen	eco - utility settings	neutral
The eco - utility settings that reduce the amount of power the computer consumes really works but also dims the screen	screen	neutral
First , I noticed when the lid was closed , there was a gap on the right side ( the drive side ) compared to the left .	lid	neutral
First , I noticed when the lid was closed , there was a gap on the right side ( the drive side ) compared to the left .	drive	neutral
The sound is quite good for the size .	sound	neutral
The sound is quite good for the size .	size	neutral
Nice cheap head set .	head set	neutral
so if I needed extra lens or whatever I could not take them with me .	lens	neutral
The second thing is that the orange seems a little too safety colored .	orange	neutral
The dual graphics cards work well	dual graphics cards	neutral
All - in - all , it took me less than 5 minutes to install the shield and get the major bubbles out .	shield	neutral
Not original Apple overpriced power supply	power supply	neutral
It fits absolutely perfectly and it has n't left any marks on the screen but may leave some dust on the screen when you close the laptop .	screen	neutral
It fits absolutely perfectly and it has n't left any marks on the screen but may leave some dust on the screen when you close the laptop .	screen	neutral
Ca n't misplace this given the bright red color .	color	neutral
If you have a really large computer that has serious overheating issues , you might want a larger one with 2 fans , but this one does the duty .	fans	neutral
After about 3 years , the original battery in my Dell Vostro 1500 laptop has gone the way of the dodo .	battery	neutral
conf mod to use the display without the dock .	display	neutral
conf mod to use the display without the dock .	dock	neutral
The Optoma however has a workaround .	Optoma	neutral
It is super easy to rearrange the padding inside to give any lens a snug fit .	padding	neutral
It is super easy to rearrange the padding inside to give any lens a snug fit .	lens	neutral
The design is more workmanlike than artistic ( if my Macbook was a Porshce , this might be a Honda Accord ) but the build is quality with aluminum making up the lid and chassis .	design	neutral
The design is more workmanlike than artistic ( if my Macbook was a Porshce , this might be a Honda Accord ) but the build is quality with aluminum making up the lid and chassis .	build	neutral
The design is more workmanlike than artistic ( if my Macbook was a Porshce , this might be a Honda Accord ) but the build is quality with aluminum making up the lid and chassis .	aluminum	neutral
The design is more workmanlike than artistic ( if my Macbook was a Porshce , this might be a Honda Accord ) but the build is quality with aluminum making up the lid and chassis .	lid	neutral
The design is more workmanlike than artistic ( if my Macbook was a Porshce , this might be a Honda Accord ) but the build is quality with aluminum making up the lid and chassis .	chassis	neutral
Also , watch for the price as I bought this in Jan 2010 for under twenty dollars ( half what it is listed for now ) but it was selling for 3x that between the time I ordered mine and received it ( just a few days).Update : I am now using this adapter in a Vista 32bit Desktop set up and it works great .	price	neutral
Also , watch for the price as I bought this in Jan 2010 for under twenty dollars ( half what it is listed for now ) but it was selling for 3x that between the time I ordered mine and received it ( just a few days).Update : I am now using this adapter in a Vista 32bit Desktop set up and it works great .	Vista 32bit	neutral
It lights up just like the stock one , and the computer charges with no issue .	charges	neutral
You can feel the quality .	quality	neutral
I 've tripped over the power cable and the magsafe saved me from doing any damage to the power supply or computer .	power cable	neutral
I 've tripped over the power cable and the magsafe saved me from doing any damage to the power supply or computer .	magsafe	neutral
I 've tripped over the power cable and the magsafe saved me from doing any damage to the power supply or computer .	power supply	neutral
The price could not be beat !	price	neutral
I drive a Honda Civic Hybrid , and this charger worked great .	charger	neutral
Battery life :	Battery life	neutral
When trying to customize an hp laptop with almost the exact specs it comes to over $ 1200 bucks .	specs	neutral
My wife will mainly be using it to run Windows software , and I guess I could have gotten a netbook for traveling at a third ( or less ) the price .	Windows software	neutral
My wife will mainly be using it to run Windows software , and I guess I could have gotten a netbook for traveling at a third ( or less ) the price .	price	neutral
Holds every option I have for the laptop such as cords chargers etc .	cords chargers	neutral
The plethora of front pockets are great for storing different belongings and the different compartments are helpful in keeping paperwork organized .	pockets	neutral
The plethora of front pockets are great for storing different belongings and the different compartments are helpful in keeping paperwork organized .	compartments	neutral
I can run a minidisplay port monitor off of it ,	minidisplay port monitor	neutral
The printer worked ok with this hub , but then the ports start winking out , one at a time .	ports	neutral
it has a physical keyboard .	physical keyboard	neutral
The keyboard shuts down when not used for awhile .	keyboard	neutral
I think this is a design issue and maybe has something to do with the volume rocker .	design	neutral
I think this is a design issue and maybe has something to do with the volume rocker .	volume rocker	neutral
The Kinivo BTD-400 Bluetooth 4 . 0	Kinivo	neutral
Some of the reviewers stated that the USB rate is only 1/3 of the Ethernet .	USB rate	neutral
Some of the reviewers stated that the USB rate is only 1/3 of the Ethernet .	Ethernet	neutral
But I 'm sure I just need to play around with the settings	settings	neutral
I did install Linux Ubuntu via crouton but to be honest , I do n't know how much I 'll use it .	Linux Ubuntu	neutral
I took a chance getting this charger since it did n't list the dv 6700	charger	neutral
If you do n't like Windows 8 , then buy a computer that has Windows 8 installed , you have no right to complain about it in a review .	Windows 8	neutral
If you do n't like Windows 8 , then buy a computer that has Windows 8 installed , you have no right to complain about it in a review .	Windows 8	neutral
Just enough room for some wires and usb expanders .	wires	neutral
Just enough room for some wires and usb expanders .	usb expanders	neutral
First off is an imprecise " TouchPad " mouse .	TouchPad " mouse	neutral
That is not the case with the cable that comes with this item .	cable	neutral
and I love the extra storage pocket for the cable and charger !	cable	neutral
and I love the extra storage pocket for the cable and charger !	charger	neutral
I took this adapter with me on a recent trip to the New Delhi / Noida area .	adapter	neutral
ICS with factory root enabled with BusyBox so that may be why .	ICS	neutral
ICS with factory root enabled with BusyBox so that may be why .	factory root	neutral
Lights are also helpful as light is not always perfect .	Lights	neutral
All can be done on this computer , you just have to navigate the Aps instead of saving things to the hard drive .	Aps	neutral
All can be done on this computer , you just have to navigate the Aps instead of saving things to the hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
The quality of the pen is superb .	quality	neutral
The quality of the pen is superb .	pen	neutral
This creates a bulging outer pocket , but it is easier and quicker to store the AC adapter in the outer compartment than to arrange it each time vertically squeezed into one side of the main laptop compartment .	AC adapter	neutral
Huge difference : I easily get 7 hours instead of 2 hours on the OQO.- Noise :	Noise	neutral
The stills at 2 MP may not have enough resolution for large prints , but they are incredible again on an HDTV as it displays them at a 1:1 ratio .	resolution	neutral
It also has a normal HDMI so I can also connect it to my larger monitor when I 'm home .	HDMI	neutral
SURE OUTLET IS GOOD TOO .	OUTLET	neutral
You can get a cable for les$ , but you get what you pay for .	cable	neutral
The filter itself works great and if you do n't mind permanently mounting it , I would recommend it .	filter	neutral
The LCD screen .	LCD screen	neutral
It is easy to read the screen from several feet away .	screen	neutral
This is a great product when it comes to quality and reliability .	reliability	neutral
It is a very fast drive and it works well for my needs as a college student .	drive	neutral
It is a very fast drive and it works well for my needs as a college student .	works	neutral
The cleaning cloth is not essential but a nice ' extra ' .	cleaning cloth	neutral
The picture quality is not perfect .	picture quality	neutral
Overall , it 's an attention to detail that I really appreciate on both the hardware and the software side - little things like a backlit , auto - dimming keyboard or the magnetic power connector .	hardware	neutral
Overall , it 's an attention to detail that I really appreciate on both the hardware and the software side - little things like a backlit , auto - dimming keyboard or the magnetic power connector .	software	neutral
Overall , it 's an attention to detail that I really appreciate on both the hardware and the software side - little things like a backlit , auto - dimming keyboard or the magnetic power connector .	magnetic power connector	neutral
The channel is way too big , and there is no way to adjust it .	channel	neutral
I have used this battery for two months with no issues .	battery	neutral
Not to mention a HUGE difference in speed ( this Sabrent device was 3 TIMES slower than a generic USB 2 enclosure ) ! !	speed	neutral
Not to mention a HUGE difference in speed ( this Sabrent device was 3 TIMES slower than a generic USB 2 enclosure ) ! !	USB 2 enclosure	neutral
I can leave this plugged into my external monitor and turn off / on when I wish .	external monitor	neutral
This device did n't perform as well as I had expected it to .	perform	neutral
The keys feel just as sturdy as the rest of the case does and also retains that computer keyboard response many have come to expect .	keys	neutral
The keys feel just as sturdy as the rest of the case does and also retains that computer keyboard response many have come to expect .	case	neutral
The keys feel just as sturdy as the rest of the case does and also retains that computer keyboard response many have come to expect .	keyboard response	neutral
it 's widest width at bottom of bag .	width	neutral
The GBU521 is my 4th IOGEAR BT adapter , but	IOGEAR BT adapter	neutral
; into position , so every time you move you run the risk of knocking the whole setup over .	setup	neutral
And it does a good job of charging and have outlet for other plug .	charging	neutral
( thank goodness it was under warranty ) !	warranty	neutral
what 's awesome about this lil keyboard is that it makes your tablet into a laptop .	keyboard	neutral
Other models ( such as the HP 11 & the Samsung Series 3 ) comes with 2 GB as well , and most people are happy with them.- I 've used the Samsung Series 3 , the Acer C7 , the CR-48 ( beta - test model ) and the HP 11 , and this model trumps all of them in terms of performance.-	performance.-	neutral
Plus , the VGA and HDMI ports allow dual screen monitoring , which was important to us and a reason why we did not go for an ultrabook .	VGA	neutral
Plus , the VGA and HDMI ports allow dual screen monitoring , which was important to us and a reason why we did not go for an ultrabook .	HDMI ports	neutral
Big , heavy connections , solid construction , thick wiring ... all the things you would normally expect out of wiring 10 times the price , but it 's not .	connections	neutral
Big , heavy connections , solid construction , thick wiring ... all the things you would normally expect out of wiring 10 times the price , but it 's not .	construction	neutral
Big , heavy connections , solid construction , thick wiring ... all the things you would normally expect out of wiring 10 times the price , but it 's not .	wiring	neutral
Big , heavy connections , solid construction , thick wiring ... all the things you would normally expect out of wiring 10 times the price , but it 's not .	price	neutral
I have used a cable optical mouse for a while so this is a great improvement over that one .	cable optical mouse	neutral
my co - worker bought this card , and unable to install driver on dell laptopyes , I have no luck at all to install the driverbut when I install on my fujitsu laptop	driver	neutral
my co - worker bought this card , and unable to install driver on dell laptopyes , I have no luck at all to install the driverbut when I install on my fujitsu laptop	driverbut	neutral
Good replacement battery for the money .	battery	neutral
Love the slide out tray to slide in a hard drive .	slide out tray	neutral
Love the slide out tray to slide in a hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
But that plug broke in half to give me the plug I needed .	plug	neutral
But that plug broke in half to give me the plug I needed .	plug	neutral
Also this mouse has a very nice ergonomic design with a thumb and a slight pinky rest , which is another feature that you normally could only find on $ 30 + corded mice .	design	neutral
Also this mouse has a very nice ergonomic design with a thumb and a slight pinky rest , which is another feature that you normally could only find on $ 30 + corded mice .	feature	neutral
The color calibrator does n't work .	color calibrator	neutral
It is light , fits my Acer to perfection , has a nice internal elastic holder , and can be used as a laptop desk .	internal	neutral
It is light , fits my Acer to perfection , has a nice internal elastic holder , and can be used as a laptop desk .	elastic holder	neutral
The sound was loud and good quality for such a small player .	sound	neutral
i can charge it through a 12 volt usb outlet in the car when i am traveling .	12 volt usb outlet	neutral
cand handle torrents with its 250 gb hard drive	250 gb hard drive	neutral
It is very effective , very quiet , very handsome - looking , and with the blue LED very sexy - looking too .	blue LED	neutral
It is worth buying a tiny size mouse ( I bought my mini at Target ) to go with it .	mouse	neutral
So I bit the bullet and paid $ 70 for a real HP adapter charger at Best Buy .	HP adapter charger	neutral
Video qualityRolling shutter feels to be a bit better than the Canon 5D. I can pan the camera faster now .	Video qualityRolling shutter	neutral
I plugged the cable into the printer , plugged the USB connector into the laptop , turned on the printer and Windows immediately recognized the printer .	cable	neutral
I plugged the cable into the printer , plugged the USB connector into the laptop , turned on the printer and Windows immediately recognized the printer .	USB connector	neutral
Had trouble with the sound drivers that came with the unit ( the attached speakers would not work ) .	sound drivers	neutral
Had trouble with the sound drivers that came with the unit ( the attached speakers would not work ) .	speakers	neutral
I can have 4 - 5 applications open at a time with no slow - down and no crashing ( this includes memory - hungry photo and music apps ) .	applications	neutral
I can have 4 - 5 applications open at a time with no slow - down and no crashing ( this includes memory - hungry photo and music apps ) .	memory	neutral
I can have 4 - 5 applications open at a time with no slow - down and no crashing ( this includes memory - hungry photo and music apps ) .	photo	neutral
Plus the bag does n't even look like a camera / laptop bag - consider the security it provides .	security	neutral
it response is fast .	response	neutral
Numerical keypad on the laptop !	Numerical keypad	neutral
I hate how the cords just hang on the bottom .	cords	neutral
Very high quality construction .	construction	neutral
Works perfectly .	Works	neutral
My Macbook 's fan is louder than it , so	fan	neutral
The sound is about as good as I have ever heard from built in computer speakers .	sound	neutral
The sound is about as good as I have ever heard from built in computer speakers .	speakers	neutral
It was easy to set up	set up	neutral
I think the wiring must have come loose from its connection .	wiring	neutral
Mouse is exclusively right handed .	Mouse	neutral
The bottom layer is a little thicker than I 've seen but it gets not more than warm after hours of use .	bottom layer	neutral
While I wish it were made of a little bit thicker material , it did a great job of protecting my new notebook computer until my new case arrived .	material	neutral
While I wish it were made of a little bit thicker material , it did a great job of protecting my new notebook computer until my new case arrived .	case	neutral
On windows 7 you can see an amazing difference between vista it runs so much smoother and gives an accurate battery level and time estimates .	windows 7	neutral
On windows 7 you can see an amazing difference between vista it runs so much smoother and gives an accurate battery level and time estimates .	vista	neutral
On windows 7 you can see an amazing difference between vista it runs so much smoother and gives an accurate battery level and time estimates .	runs	neutral
On windows 7 you can see an amazing difference between vista it runs so much smoother and gives an accurate battery level and time estimates .	battery level	neutral
Plugged into the slot and added my two Western Digital external Hard drives , the drives light up but do not show in My Computer .	Western Digital	neutral
Plugged into the slot and added my two Western Digital external Hard drives , the drives light up but do not show in My Computer .	external Hard drives	neutral
Plugged into the slot and added my two Western Digital external Hard drives , the drives light up but do not show in My Computer .	drives	neutral
About a week ago , I installed Window Words XP onto this netbook because I need to take it to the library to do some research .	Window Words XP	neutral
It runs well when it runs	runs	neutral
So , to be fair , I 'm giving it 4 stars -- since some techical folks may be aware of faults that escaped me .	techical	neutral
Any laptop over $ 100 should have a properly backlit keyboard .	backlit keyboard	neutral
Video - The screen is nice and bright , but lacks contrast .	Video	neutral
Video - The screen is nice and bright , but lacks contrast .	screen	neutral
Video - The screen is nice and bright , but lacks contrast .	contrast	neutral
This is very thin and light compared even to the 19-inch LCD I had previously .	19-inch LCD	neutral
It has a pearlized finish that seems less prone to showing scratches than a clear cover would be .	clear cover	neutral
The case fits very snug and tight , which is what I wanted , and protects the unit from getting scratches .	case	neutral
There was just enough room for my charger , notebook , iPhone , keys , pens and an exterior slot on the outside of the purse for loose paperwork .	charger	neutral
Not sure if it 's my eyes or lag or not being used to the LED screen .	LED screen	neutral
so I added the second power cable provided plugged into a 5 volt USB wall wart .	power cable	neutral
This one is lighter and covering looks solid .	covering	neutral
This does not work well for me , who tends to leave the laptop on a bed , or couch , or blankets , as the bottom of the laptop has no space to relieve the heat and gets unbearably hot .	bottom of	neutral
Small enough you can leave it in a laptop or desktop USB port , did I mention price , no reason to pay more .	USB port	neutral
Small enough you can leave it in a laptop or desktop USB port , did I mention price , no reason to pay more .	price	neutral
Unfortunately , mine came with a cracked glass in the lower right hand corner	glass	neutral
so you have to open and close the lid once again and that will make the screen turn on .	lid	neutral
so you have to open and close the lid once again and that will make the screen turn on .	screen	neutral
I custom ordered mine from their store with 512 MB RAM and upgraded 5400 RPM 80 GB hard drive ( because I wanted to get it nice and quick ) , a nice Brenthaven Pro File 12&quot ; laptop bag and a .Mac membership .	512 MB RAM	neutral
I custom ordered mine from their store with 512 MB RAM and upgraded 5400 RPM 80 GB hard drive ( because I wanted to get it nice and quick ) , a nice Brenthaven Pro File 12&quot ; laptop bag and a .Mac membership .	5400 RPM	neutral
I custom ordered mine from their store with 512 MB RAM and upgraded 5400 RPM 80 GB hard drive ( because I wanted to get it nice and quick ) , a nice Brenthaven Pro File 12&quot ; laptop bag and a .Mac membership .	80 GB hard drive	neutral
It can also play memory sticks and micro cards , nice features .	memory sticks	neutral
It can also play memory sticks and micro cards , nice features .	micro cards	neutral
It can also play memory sticks and micro cards , nice features .	features	neutral
Given the cost of this item I would not have returned it if I had had to pay return postage .	cost	neutral
Very quiet fan4 Window 7	fan4	neutral
Very quiet fan4 Window 7	Window 7	neutral
Still trying to figure out how to set up the RSS feeds with my wireless adapter plugged into the usb port , but I 'll look again after work .	RSS feeds	neutral
Still trying to figure out how to set up the RSS feeds with my wireless adapter plugged into the usb port , but I 'll look again after work .	wireless adapter	neutral
Still trying to figure out how to set up the RSS feeds with my wireless adapter plugged into the usb port , but I 'll look again after work .	usb port	neutral
The glossy case attracts fingerprints -- you can play amateur CSI by examining the lid :)	lid	neutral
I guess that it being stable and such is good as you 'll NEVER have a USB device accidentally fall out , but I feel like after several years I might damage the port by pulling .	USB device	neutral
I guess that it being stable and such is good as you 'll NEVER have a USB device accidentally fall out , but I feel like after several years I might damage the port by pulling .	port	neutral
Now it 's with the main system now .	system	neutral
It is multi - touch , for what it 's worth .	multi - touch	neutral
In front of that can go a few more things ( chargers , snacks , small things ) but that 's it .	chargers	neutral
I found it difficult to get used to the layout even after a couple of weeks .	layout	neutral
Good quality , speedy delivery !	delivery	neutral
It allows for more precise filing , and by disconnecting them when not in use , it also saves wear and tear on the drive .	drive	neutral
I use this to connect to a ViewSonic 24 " monitor and it works great using Apple 's Thunderbolt port on the Air .	Thunderbolt port	neutral
For the price , it is awesome .	price	neutral
Oh well , if you do n't want / need to use the jack , you do n't have to .	jack	neutral
6 " screen protector , however I 'm looking for one that covers the frame along with a hole for the camera .	screen protector	neutral
6 " screen protector , however I 'm looking for one that covers the frame along with a hole for the camera .	frame	neutral
6 " screen protector , however I 'm looking for one that covers the frame along with a hole for the camera .	camera	neutral
As it is , the open style helps give the bag a sophisticated look but does little to offer confidence .	style	neutral
I can use an online compiler , watch video , do my usual surfing , etc .	surfing	neutral
When it comes to computers , Dell has had a pretty good reputation for " build quality " in their products .	build quality	neutral
I tried this USB OTG host adapter .	USB OTG host adapter	neutral
The keyboard is a bit larger than expected , but nothing to knock a star off and even desired among many purchasers , I 'm sure .	keyboard	neutral
The shoulder strap could have had a shoulder pad on it but .....	shoulder strap	neutral
The shoulder strap could have had a shoulder pad on it but .....	shoulder pad	neutral
The keyboard and screen are full - sized , it has all the usual ports ( including HDMI ) , and its performance is really good .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard and screen are full - sized , it has all the usual ports ( including HDMI ) , and its performance is really good .	screen	neutral
The keyboard and screen are full - sized , it has all the usual ports ( including HDMI ) , and its performance is really good .	ports	neutral
The keyboard and screen are full - sized , it has all the usual ports ( including HDMI ) , and its performance is really good .	HDMI	neutral
The keyboard and screen are full - sized , it has all the usual ports ( including HDMI ) , and its performance is really good .	performance	neutral
They are small , easily portable , and provide a lot of sound for devices so small .	sound	neutral
it is beautiful to look at as well .	look	neutral
I had to call tech support and go through a series of diagnositics to determine that the correct changes I had made previously were not updating from the configuration software to the card .	tech support	neutral
I had to call tech support and go through a series of diagnositics to determine that the correct changes I had made previously were not updating from the configuration software to the card .	configuration software	neutral
I had to call tech support and go through a series of diagnositics to determine that the correct changes I had made previously were not updating from the configuration software to the card .	card	neutral
You do n't have to use the control panel to use this speaker .	control panel	neutral
You do n't have to use the control panel to use this speaker .	speaker	neutral
Cheap , shoddy construction .	construction	neutral
The battery worked right out of the box .	battery	neutral
* Bright , clear 10 .	10 .	neutral
It has gotten to the point that when I need a cable or adapter I do n't even think twice , and just head directly for the Mediabridge listings .	cable	neutral
The handle seems to be sewn on really well .	handle	neutral
I 'm not entirely concerned about the scratches and finish ; as the products does as intended , and I am aware of the power limitations	power limitations	neutral
Having the power shut off from the USB drive does not work for me .	power	neutral
Having the power shut off from the USB drive does not work for me .	USB drive	neutral
With my latest 14 " laptop being in the super - lightweight category , I now " see the light " that a laptop really should as small and light as possible - as long as it still is a fully functional computer and retains excellent screen visibility .	screen visibility	neutral
But since mine looks out a window the sensor does n't work well if at all .	sensor	neutral
I think the bottom line is that the Envy 17 is just short of being a truly great system - If they fixed the heating issues , and battery life issues ( both would improve with the addition of a motherboard graphics chip that could do most of the work and take the load off of the GPU ) , they would have an Apple - beater .	system	neutral
I think the bottom line is that the Envy 17 is just short of being a truly great system - If they fixed the heating issues , and battery life issues ( both would improve with the addition of a motherboard graphics chip that could do most of the work and take the load off of the GPU ) , they would have an Apple - beater .	heating	neutral
I think the bottom line is that the Envy 17 is just short of being a truly great system - If they fixed the heating issues , and battery life issues ( both would improve with the addition of a motherboard graphics chip that could do most of the work and take the load off of the GPU ) , they would have an Apple - beater .	battery life	neutral
I think the bottom line is that the Envy 17 is just short of being a truly great system - If they fixed the heating issues , and battery life issues ( both would improve with the addition of a motherboard graphics chip that could do most of the work and take the load off of the GPU ) , they would have an Apple - beater .	motherboard graphics chip	neutral
I think the bottom line is that the Envy 17 is just short of being a truly great system - If they fixed the heating issues , and battery life issues ( both would improve with the addition of a motherboard graphics chip that could do most of the work and take the load off of the GPU ) , they would have an Apple - beater .	GPU	neutral
It has four corner hold on the Kindle and the holders are soft so not to scratch the Kindle 's surface .	holders	neutral
Stylus works .	Stylus	neutral
Compared to my older Transformer Prime keypad this is a sleeker , skinnier up front / same thickness in the rear like a wedge , nicer looking keypad .	keypad	neutral
Compared to my older Transformer Prime keypad this is a sleeker , skinnier up front / same thickness in the rear like a wedge , nicer looking keypad .	thickness	neutral
Compared to my older Transformer Prime keypad this is a sleeker , skinnier up front / same thickness in the rear like a wedge , nicer looking keypad .	keypad	neutral
After arguing that this was n't what the other agent said , this agent agreed to send me a keyboard to swap .	keyboard	neutral
There is no sense paying this much when you get half the battery they claim .	battery	neutral
my cd drive stopped working after 6 months , slow to get on the internet , font keeps changing while you are typing ........	cd drive	neutral
my cd drive stopped working after 6 months , slow to get on the internet , font keeps changing while you are typing ........	font	neutral
so I am not too concerned and can not comment on absolute color accuracy .	color accuracy	neutral
did n't need the supplied installation disc , just plugged it in to allow PC to recognise & install software to read & presto all was working well .	installation disc	neutral
did n't need the supplied installation disc , just plugged it in to allow PC to recognise & install software to read & presto all was working well .	software	neutral
Although the battery and hard drives etc are not as easily accessible to replace .	battery	neutral
Although the battery and hard drives etc are not as easily accessible to replace .	hard drives	neutral
The machine also has a couple of USB ports so you could connect an external hard drive .	USB ports	neutral
The machine also has a couple of USB ports so you could connect an external hard drive .	external hard drive	neutral
I also like the feel of the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
A friend of mine discovered that if you used the keyboard to enter the " Control - A " shortcut , it would select all emails	keyboard	neutral
A friend of mine discovered that if you used the keyboard to enter the " Control - A " shortcut , it would select all emails	Control - A	neutral
There would be more wiggle room on a computer with a 3 cell or flush battery .	3	neutral
There would be more wiggle room on a computer with a 3 cell or flush battery .	battery	neutral
I thought I was getting the 12 g ram	12 g ram	neutral
It is better ( more L2 cache memory ) than the Pentium Dual Core T2330 and T2310 .	L2 cache memory	neutral
It is better ( more L2 cache memory ) than the Pentium Dual Core T2330 and T2310 .	Pentium Dual Core	neutral
So after i put this in after fully charging it before my first use , which you are supposed to do .	charging	neutral
14 inch is very decent sizeMain features:-	14 inch	neutral
14 inch is very decent sizeMain features:-	sizeMain	neutral
14 inch is very decent sizeMain features:-	features:-	neutral
The older model was ok , but did n't feel durable , and broke a couple zippers within months , so I was a little hesitant about this one .	zippers	neutral
I got this because I use both Mac and Windows operating systems and this device claims to be usable by both .	Windows operating systems	neutral
The adapter this comes with will allow you to plug any low power device right into your phone .	adapter	neutral
I put laptop cords in the mesh area , although its location makes it a little awkward with a large power brick .	power brick	neutral
I received this mouse yesterday inserted the included battery and plugged the USB into my Windows 7 computer .	mouse	neutral
I received this mouse yesterday inserted the included battery and plugged the USB into my Windows 7 computer .	USB	neutral
I received this mouse yesterday inserted the included battery and plugged the USB into my Windows 7 computer .	Windows 7	neutral
This tablet is not the panacea of computing just yet - but that is mostly due to Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
Solid build quality and looks like it will last a very long time .	build quality	neutral
Even though the idea behind it is simple , I saw many other companies make build - in fans that are not adjustable - shame .	build - in fans	neutral
Picture is very good .	Picture	neutral
It 's a mini - USB based cord that connects to the speaker .	mini - USB based cord	neutral
It 's a mini - USB based cord that connects to the speaker .	speaker	neutral
If maybe you were not watching it for the entire first 1 . 5 hours , you would not have seen the message at the end of Disc 1 before the reboot .	Disc	neutral
At first I did not believe that the beats audio would make much of a difference , and it does n't through the speakers , but man plug in a good pair of headphones or speakers and you can definitely tell the difference .	beats audio	neutral
At first I did not believe that the beats audio would make much of a difference , and it does n't through the speakers , but man plug in a good pair of headphones or speakers and you can definitely tell the difference .	speakers	neutral
The driver CD & power adapter were included & easy to set - up the right & corresponding driver .	driver CD	neutral
The driver CD & power adapter were included & easy to set - up the right & corresponding driver .	power adapter	neutral
The driver CD & power adapter were included & easy to set - up the right & corresponding driver .	set	neutral
The driver CD & power adapter were included & easy to set - up the right & corresponding driver .	driver	neutral
Also , the stereo cuts out at random times for no reason at all .	stereo	neutral
In this same vein , I am also having a difficult time getting used to clicking the Command key instead of the CTRL key for keyboard shortcuts , especially since my muscle memory wants to press the key that 's in the control key position on the Mac which actually happens to be the control key on the Mac	Command key	neutral
In this same vein , I am also having a difficult time getting used to clicking the Command key instead of the CTRL key for keyboard shortcuts , especially since my muscle memory wants to press the key that 's in the control key position on the Mac which actually happens to be the control key on the Mac	keyboard shortcuts	neutral
In this same vein , I am also having a difficult time getting used to clicking the Command key instead of the CTRL key for keyboard shortcuts , especially since my muscle memory wants to press the key that 's in the control key position on the Mac which actually happens to be the control key on the Mac	muscle memory	neutral
In this same vein , I am also having a difficult time getting used to clicking the Command key instead of the CTRL key for keyboard shortcuts , especially since my muscle memory wants to press the key that 's in the control key position on the Mac which actually happens to be the control key on the Mac	control key	neutral
but its hard to type on .	type	neutral
The best improvement by far was adding a bigger processor to this machine .	processor	neutral
It 's easy to carry though I notices that to carry it on one shoulder I have to use only one shoulder strap because both straps are far apart ( for ergonomic reasons ) that makes it impossible to group together on one shoulder	carry	neutral
It 's easy to carry though I notices that to carry it on one shoulder I have to use only one shoulder strap because both straps are far apart ( for ergonomic reasons ) that makes it impossible to group together on one shoulder	shoulder strap	neutral
It 's easy to carry though I notices that to carry it on one shoulder I have to use only one shoulder strap because both straps are far apart ( for ergonomic reasons ) that makes it impossible to group together on one shoulder	straps	neutral
This was perfect because the cord points & # 34;up&#34 ; the wall when the plug is in the outlet .	cord	neutral
Finally after banging the heck out of it , I upgraded to a Tungsten , but the IIIc is great for anybody who just needs basic Palm functionality with a color screen .	IIIc	neutral
Finally after banging the heck out of it , I upgraded to a Tungsten , but the IIIc is great for anybody who just needs basic Palm functionality with a color screen .	Palm functionality	neutral
Finally after banging the heck out of it , I upgraded to a Tungsten , but the IIIc is great for anybody who just needs basic Palm functionality with a color screen .	color screen	neutral
On this battery , that section is empty .	battery	neutral
Sufficient padding , and is true to the color shown .	padding	neutral
Sufficient padding , and is true to the color shown .	color	neutral
This 4-port adapter is roughly the same price as the 1-port adapter at my local electronics hobby store .	4-port adapter	neutral
This 4-port adapter is roughly the same price as the 1-port adapter at my local electronics hobby store .	price	neutral
This 4-port adapter is roughly the same price as the 1-port adapter at my local electronics hobby store .	1-port adapter	neutral
I was expecting more from this mouse by the reviews I read .	mouse	neutral
Most importantly the proprietary plug does not feel too tight or loose in the S7 slate , it fits just like the factory charger and is actually one entire cord not an adapter on an adapter .	proprietary plug	neutral
Most importantly the proprietary plug does not feel too tight or loose in the S7 slate , it fits just like the factory charger and is actually one entire cord not an adapter on an adapter .	cord	neutral
I love the way this key board snaps into place and then will fold over screen to cover and put away .	key board	neutral
I love the way this key board snaps into place and then will fold over screen to cover and put away .	screen	neutral
I can see this creasing or damaging the flap over time .	flap	neutral
1 sets I 've listened to , and I love the form factor .	form factor	neutral
It stopped working , but it was the power supply and not the actual converter .	power supply	neutral
It stopped working , but it was the power supply and not the actual converter .	converter	neutral
and did I mention the ability to use BLUETOOTH if you did n't want to use the built in keyboard for all day use ?	BLUETOOTH	neutral
The markings on it are not very clearly visible , much less distinguish between them , you just have to guess where they are .	markings	neutral
In this configuration , the indicated speed in the nav software kept jumping from 0 . 0 to 0 . 5 knots .	speed	neutral
In this configuration , the indicated speed in the nav software kept jumping from 0 . 0 to 0 . 5 knots .	nav software	neutral
and I am happy with the item , but as far as performance , it is limited by the hardware .	performance	neutral
and I am happy with the item , but as far as performance , it is limited by the hardware .	hardware	neutral
w/ fresh batteries and w/ AC adapter .	batteries	neutral
w/ fresh batteries and w/ AC adapter .	AC adapter	neutral
My only complain is the touchpad for mouse .	touchpad for mouse	neutral
Navigation is very accurate , the lane support is great and acquiring a satellite connection is done in a very short moment .	Navigation	neutral
Navigation is very accurate , the lane support is great and acquiring a satellite connection is done in a very short moment .	lane support	neutral
Navigation is very accurate , the lane support is great and acquiring a satellite connection is done in a very short moment .	satellite connection	neutral
No Need for additional power supply needs.[+ ]	power supply	neutral
The screen went dark and would n't come back on .	screen	neutral
I took my laptop outside and tried the Intel	Intel	neutral
When you turn the remote back on again it takes 4 - 5 seconds and it is connected again and ready to send commands .	remote	neutral
I plugged in my second monitor , and Windows 7 made it very easy to configure it as an extension of my desktop .	monitor	neutral
I plugged in my second monitor , and Windows 7 made it very easy to configure it as an extension of my desktop .	Windows 7	neutral
The battery information reported by the camcorder stated that it was a class 2 card , in spite of the label on the card .	battery information	neutral
I do n't use the touchscreen often .	touchscreen	neutral
This is for a 2 gb memory set for a Dell 5150 .	2 gb memory	neutral
I was shocked at the quality of the low range .	quality	neutral
I really appreciate that the speakers have a very balanced and natural sound .	speakers	neutral
The factory battery that had come with my Asus laptop had reached the end of its useful life .	battery	neutral
It still works fine , and in fact , since I 've washed it , I 've had no data integrity problems .	works	neutral
It still works fine , and in fact , since I 've washed it , I 've had no data integrity problems .	data integrity	neutral
The wifi detector is a piece of junk -- my roommate ( who has a cheaper laptop ) always gets internet at our apartment , whereas mine disappears and grows faint .	wifi detector	neutral
Packaged in frustration free packaging .	packaging	neutral
The only shortcoming is that because of the structure , it 's bulky if you 're only carrying a few items .	structure	neutral
It takes a long time to boot up , the screen is not very responsive , the space for apps is low , it comes with junk apps ...	boot up	neutral
It takes a long time to boot up , the screen is not very responsive , the space for apps is low , it comes with junk apps ...	screen	neutral
It takes a long time to boot up , the screen is not very responsive , the space for apps is low , it comes with junk apps ...	space for apps	neutral
It takes a long time to boot up , the screen is not very responsive , the space for apps is low , it comes with junk apps ...	apps	neutral
The battery life is very good ; I have n't really gotten to test if it gets the advertised 9 hours though .	battery life	neutral
The express keys are slightly tilted , making it easier to locate the one you want without looking .	express keys	neutral
Either way , it 's really nice to not have a spinning drive , and liberating to use a laptop without having to constantly worry about how much you 're moving the computer and wondering if you 're going to damage the drive .	spinning drive	neutral
Either way , it 's really nice to not have a spinning drive , and liberating to use a laptop without having to constantly worry about how much you 're moving the computer and wondering if you 're going to damage the drive .	drive	neutral
I 'm very comfortable that it will provide adequate protection , and intend to carry it as my only case .	protection	neutral
Sucks , battery dies too quickly .	battery	neutral
Finding the WiDi Drivers and Software is not so easy .	WiDi Drivers	neutral
I use it for Geocaching , I run mapping software using a USB GPS , and have drivers installed to be able to interface with most handheld GPS units .	mapping software	neutral
I use it for Geocaching , I run mapping software using a USB GPS , and have drivers installed to be able to interface with most handheld GPS units .	USB GPS	neutral
I use it for Geocaching , I run mapping software using a USB GPS , and have drivers installed to be able to interface with most handheld GPS units .	drivers	neutral
I use it in my car at at soccer practice to play games .	games	neutral
Loses your files due to cables falling outPower connector falls outUSB Falls outThunderbolt falls outNO supportTotal CRAPPlastic like this should be made into action figures since they ca n't figure out what to make that works	cables	neutral
Loses your files due to cables falling outPower connector falls outUSB Falls outThunderbolt falls outNO supportTotal CRAPPlastic like this should be made into action figures since they ca n't figure out what to make that works	supportTotal	neutral
For the price , you really ca n't beat the build quality and features !	price	neutral
For the price , you really ca n't beat the build quality and features !	build quality	neutral
For the price , you really ca n't beat the build quality and features !	features	neutral
A nice set of sleeves .	sleeves	neutral
1 into your browser and then under gateway / lan / DHCP config : change iMTU to 1500	iMTU	neutral
What was nice about Internet Explorer as the standard browser is that it recognized gestures for forward and backward page navigation .	Internet Explorer	neutral
What was nice about Internet Explorer as the standard browser is that it recognized gestures for forward and backward page navigation .	gestures	neutral
when using my wifes IPad it helps when playing games and all that you just need one finger for .	games	neutral
Key travel is excellent and the keys are very responsive .	Key travel	neutral
Key travel is excellent and the keys are very responsive .	keys	neutral
I then tried the LightScribe on all the 15 discs - guess what , excellent output .	LightScribe	neutral
I then tried the LightScribe on all the 15 discs - guess what , excellent output .	output	neutral
The cords plugged in include an HDMI , an Ethernet cable , a USB cable and somehow , those cables tipped the speaker again .	cords	neutral
The cords plugged in include an HDMI , an Ethernet cable , a USB cable and somehow , those cables tipped the speaker again .	HDMI	neutral
The cords plugged in include an HDMI , an Ethernet cable , a USB cable and somehow , those cables tipped the speaker again .	Ethernet cable	neutral
The cords plugged in include an HDMI , an Ethernet cable , a USB cable and somehow , those cables tipped the speaker again .	USB cable	neutral
I started using the cord in April .	cord	neutral
I was surprised to see after only an hour that my charge light went off .	charge light	neutral
com , and by George I 've done it to my satisfaction now , and will call Corsair RMA Dept .	RMA Dept	neutral
So I guess the thin plastic is also no big problem.(5 )	plastic	neutral
the colors on the blue / pink are very " spunky , " and will be a fun weekend case .	colors	neutral
Oh , and of course GPS does n't work to even say anything .	GPS	neutral
also i am very eager to try meego in place of windows 7 starter , but not anytime soon .	windows 7 starter	neutral
There are several online resources to successfully install windows xp or ubuntu .	windows xp	neutral
There are several online resources to successfully install windows xp or ubuntu .	ubuntu	neutral
This one did not even work out of the box , , , software has all kinds of incompatibility issues !	software	neutral
They are easy to install ; they are modern looking and most importanly are able to deliver a high quality sound .	install	neutral
They are easy to install ; they are modern looking and most importanly are able to deliver a high quality sound .	sound	neutral
Still better than average for the price paid - for a combination of mp3 player and clock / alarm .	price	neutral
Still better than average for the price paid - for a combination of mp3 player and clock / alarm .	mp3 player	neutral
The benefits of this adapter so outweigh that small limitation that I still say it 's a 5-star product .	adapter	neutral
Unfortunately for me , Asus did the warranty service despite the voided warranty .	warranty service	neutral
Unfortunately for me , Asus did the warranty service despite the voided warranty .	warranty	neutral
The company shipped the system quickly and it arrived the day it was supposed to .	system	neutral
3 . 0 , I tested the read and write speed for a 5 .	read	neutral
3 . 0 , I tested the read and write speed for a 5 .	write speed	neutral
Yes , it obviously adds weight and bulk	bulk	neutral
Simply tapping the touchpad is an alternative , but that does n't work for everything ( like dragging and dropping).Currently the netbook 's disply is off and the video is being sent to a 22 " LCD at full native resolution .	touchpad	neutral
so I wo n't be able to judge the battery 's overall life .	battery	neutral
Works for what it 's for : calibrating screens .	calibrating screens	neutral
Another highly significant upgrade is in the tablet 's rear cover design , which has been altered to allow for better GPS , Wi - Fi , and Bluetooth performance .	rear cover design	neutral
Another highly significant upgrade is in the tablet 's rear cover design , which has been altered to allow for better GPS , Wi - Fi , and Bluetooth performance .	GPS	neutral
Another highly significant upgrade is in the tablet 's rear cover design , which has been altered to allow for better GPS , Wi - Fi , and Bluetooth performance .	Wi - Fi	neutral
Another highly significant upgrade is in the tablet 's rear cover design , which has been altered to allow for better GPS , Wi - Fi , and Bluetooth performance .	Bluetooth performance	neutral
Contact support and says they will send a free correct tip .	tip	neutral
It has bluetooth capabilities , so you can leave the connecting cable at home .	bluetooth capabilities	neutral
It has bluetooth capabilities , so you can leave the connecting cable at home .	connecting cable	neutral
The mouse does not have that matte finish , its just a shiny plastic - y black .	mouse	neutral
The mouse does not have that matte finish , its just a shiny plastic - y black .	finish	neutral
Second , the little carrying case that came with mine was sort of misshapen , with a huge " lump " in the back where the carrying loop is .	carrying case	neutral
Second , the little carrying case that came with mine was sort of misshapen , with a huge " lump " in the back where the carrying loop is .	carrying loop	neutral
Not just any carrying handle , but a rubberize handle with plenty of width for my extra large sized hand - swollen knuckles and all .	carrying handle	neutral
Not just any carrying handle , but a rubberize handle with plenty of width for my extra large sized hand - swollen knuckles and all .	width	neutral
In the next month i am going to upgrade the Hard Disk to the Seagate Momenus XP which is 500 G with a 4 G SSD like memory build in .	Hard Disk	neutral
In the next month i am going to upgrade the Hard Disk to the Seagate Momenus XP which is 500 G with a 4 G SSD like memory build in .	Seagate Momenus XP	neutral
In the next month i am going to upgrade the Hard Disk to the Seagate Momenus XP which is 500 G with a 4 G SSD like memory build in .	SSD like memory	neutral
I get 4 - 5 hours tops with avg use ( browsing , some video streaming , chatting).-Keyboard .	browsing	neutral
This library is hit quite often by applications	applications	neutral
Note : you 'll have an easier time replacing this battery if you have one of the & # 34;tri - wing&#34 ; screwdrivers .	battery	neutral
Price is also very good well packaged .	Price	neutral
Attempts to repair it failed utterly , so I used it for a while with the broken plastic digging into the right side of my head and the right earpiece dangling .	plastic	neutral
Attempts to repair it failed utterly , so I used it for a while with the broken plastic digging into the right side of my head and the right earpiece dangling .	right earpiece	neutral
This dongle is compatible with windows xp , vista and 7 x86 and x64 bits , I bought this 2 pack thinking in windows 8 but that was a mistake .	dongle	neutral
This dongle is compatible with windows xp , vista and 7 x86 and x64 bits , I bought this 2 pack thinking in windows 8 but that was a mistake .	windows xp	neutral
This dongle is compatible with windows xp , vista and 7 x86 and x64 bits , I bought this 2 pack thinking in windows 8 but that was a mistake .	vista	neutral
This dongle is compatible with windows xp , vista and 7 x86 and x64 bits , I bought this 2 pack thinking in windows 8 but that was a mistake .	windows 8	neutral
did when new , but for the price this is a no - brainer .	price	neutral
It boots up faster than anything I 've ever owned , save for Android or iOS tablets .	boots up	neutral
Toshiba Quality at an affordable price .	price	neutral
That being said I used the Windows 7 in - built Computer Management tool to merge the partitions together .	Windows 7 in - built Computer Management tool	neutral
We used it almost every day to charge both of our iPhone 5s plus a mobile wifi device we rented .	charge	neutral
how quickly it charges it 's not a concern of mine .	charges	neutral
A basic mouse without " bells and whistles " but performs well .	mouse	neutral
A basic mouse without " bells and whistles " but performs well .	performs	neutral
Wow , it works very well , better than Dell 's sound .	works	neutral
Wow , it works very well , better than Dell 's sound .	sound	neutral
Overall , this is a great hard drive for money .	hard drive	neutral
If you 're looking for a great way to organize your AA batteries , then look no further .	AA batteries	neutral
is the black webbing on the front of the backpack - by putting a monopod in there and tightening the ropes , you can use it to mount an external flash ( useful for when you do n't have a flash bracket or find yourself often changing from vertical / horizontal and do n't want to adjust the flash / bracket each time ) .	webbing	neutral
is the black webbing on the front of the backpack - by putting a monopod in there and tightening the ropes , you can use it to mount an external flash ( useful for when you do n't have a flash bracket or find yourself often changing from vertical / horizontal and do n't want to adjust the flash / bracket each time ) .	external flash	neutral
is the black webbing on the front of the backpack - by putting a monopod in there and tightening the ropes , you can use it to mount an external flash ( useful for when you do n't have a flash bracket or find yourself often changing from vertical / horizontal and do n't want to adjust the flash / bracket each time ) .	flash bracket	neutral
is the black webbing on the front of the backpack - by putting a monopod in there and tightening the ropes , you can use it to mount an external flash ( useful for when you do n't have a flash bracket or find yourself often changing from vertical / horizontal and do n't want to adjust the flash / bracket each time ) .	flash /	neutral
is the black webbing on the front of the backpack - by putting a monopod in there and tightening the ropes , you can use it to mount an external flash ( useful for when you do n't have a flash bracket or find yourself often changing from vertical / horizontal and do n't want to adjust the flash / bracket each time ) .	bracket	neutral
Who needs to mess with that stuff -- this is just like putting a thumb drive on thru the USB port -- I just bought my second one .	thumb drive	neutral
Who needs to mess with that stuff -- this is just like putting a thumb drive on thru the USB port -- I just bought my second one .	USB port	neutral
Fortunately I purchased the extended warranty from Best Buy .	extended warranty	neutral
It works great -- and if you handle with a little care it will last .	works	neutral
A premium price for something that is way below average reliability and performance .	price	neutral
A premium price for something that is way below average reliability and performance .	reliability	neutral
A premium price for something that is way below average reliability and performance .	performance	neutral
These little things have really helped me organize my desk and keep my cords tidy .	cords	neutral
The lights all light up , but it 's not as blue as the pic .	lights	neutral
All I do is make an appointment at the genius bar ( online with an app ) .	genius bar	neutral
A little over a year later the laptop display failed and I filed a claim with Squaretrade .	display	neutral
Charges just as fast as original adapter .	Charges	neutral
Keeps the heat away from my lap and provides a nice solid base for the laptop .	base	neutral
My first Bluetooth keyboard for the iPad was the actual Apple product .	Bluetooth keyboard	neutral
and I have an extemely powerful cooling pad that can be used anywhere .	cooling pad	neutral
The 550 watt Corsair power supply from their RM series is the best I 've seen yet .	550 watt Corsair power supply	neutral
Just what I needed : small , tidy , clear sound .	sound	neutral
Hub works well in both configurations .	Hub	neutral
( cable included ) , put a drive in the top slot and switch it on .	drive	neutral
The USB ports can be used as chargers while the computer is charging , not a deal breaker but a nice to have feature .	USB ports	neutral
The USB ports can be used as chargers while the computer is charging , not a deal breaker but a nice to have feature .	feature	neutral
Screws on female do not allow you to secure male to female .	female	neutral
The laptop has performed very well so far .	performed	neutral
I ca n't tell you how many times I 've started to drop it , grabbed the edge of the case and it held my ipad securely inside .	case	neutral
The speakers are pretty impressive for such a small computer .	speakers	neutral
Windows 7 software worked just fine .	Windows 7 software	neutral
Despite not having any drivers included , I plugged it in and Windows 7 installed it right away and it worked first time with no problems .	drivers	neutral
Despite not having any drivers included , I plugged it in and Windows 7 installed it right away and it worked first time with no problems .	Windows 7	neutral
This one deal saved me the price of the Kindle , when I bought it last year .	price	neutral
Kinda of frustrating not knowing what price you will get or when it will change .	price	neutral
Easy to install on my W510 and worked with no problem .	install	neutral
No problems with this battery , perfect replacement , It fits and works perfectly , this item is easy and most common to replace .	battery	neutral
The track ball is nice while working on stuff where you might need to scroll in all directions .	track ball	neutral
I have no complains with free OS Mavericks , it 's been polished and my Adobe CC works so fast on the solid - state drive , Photoshop opens in less than two seconds .	OS Mavericks	neutral
I have no complains with free OS Mavericks , it 's been polished and my Adobe CC works so fast on the solid - state drive , Photoshop opens in less than two seconds .	Adobe CC	neutral
I have no complains with free OS Mavericks , it 's been polished and my Adobe CC works so fast on the solid - state drive , Photoshop opens in less than two seconds .	solid - state drive	neutral
I have no complains with free OS Mavericks , it 's been polished and my Adobe CC works so fast on the solid - state drive , Photoshop opens in less than two seconds .	Photoshop	neutral
If you work on a lot of laptops and need missing screws to hold the hard drives , then this package is for you .	hard drives	neutral
Price was right alsoso	Price	neutral
If you are looking for good quality sound , I would advice against buying this speaker .	sound	neutral
Absolutely no problems , no split second drops kicking me off the system , excellent reception .	system	neutral
Absolutely no problems , no split second drops kicking me off the system , excellent reception .	reception	neutral
Now the volume can be adjusted through the Entertainment Console or general volume icon on thee startbar but you can also change the volume through the attached Volume controller ( forgot to mention on the Design portion of the review ) along with muting the mic or turning it on .	volume	neutral
Now the volume can be adjusted through the Entertainment Console or general volume icon on thee startbar but you can also change the volume through the attached Volume controller ( forgot to mention on the Design portion of the review ) along with muting the mic or turning it on .	Entertainment Console	neutral
Now the volume can be adjusted through the Entertainment Console or general volume icon on thee startbar but you can also change the volume through the attached Volume controller ( forgot to mention on the Design portion of the review ) along with muting the mic or turning it on .	startbar	neutral
Now the volume can be adjusted through the Entertainment Console or general volume icon on thee startbar but you can also change the volume through the attached Volume controller ( forgot to mention on the Design portion of the review ) along with muting the mic or turning it on .	volume	neutral
Now the volume can be adjusted through the Entertainment Console or general volume icon on thee startbar but you can also change the volume through the attached Volume controller ( forgot to mention on the Design portion of the review ) along with muting the mic or turning it on .	Volume controller	neutral
Now the volume can be adjusted through the Entertainment Console or general volume icon on thee startbar but you can also change the volume through the attached Volume controller ( forgot to mention on the Design portion of the review ) along with muting the mic or turning it on .	mic	neutral
Because of the solid construction , I am not scared the rubber will scrape off or the " legs " will break , as happened with my prior plastic cooler .	construction	neutral
Because of the solid construction , I am not scared the rubber will scrape off or the " legs " will break , as happened with my prior plastic cooler .	rubber	neutral
Because of the solid construction , I am not scared the rubber will scrape off or the " legs " will break , as happened with my prior plastic cooler .	legs	neutral
The screen brightness and clarity are reduced .	screen brightness	neutral
The screen brightness and clarity are reduced .	clarity	neutral
I expected the video splitter to give me good , crisp images on both but	video splitter	neutral
Charging works great .	Charging	neutral
this sleeve has exceeded my expectations in every way .	sleeve	neutral
I did n't think it would be a problem at all , but now I have videos that I originally imported through iMovie that are compressed , I saved the .mts files to my hard drive , so I want to transfer them back to the camera and re - import them through Final Cut now that I 've figured out how to do that , but I ca n't get the Pixela software to let me do it , even though that 's supposedly what it is for ...	iMovie	neutral
I did n't think it would be a problem at all , but now I have videos that I originally imported through iMovie that are compressed , I saved the .mts files to my hard drive , so I want to transfer them back to the camera and re - import them through Final Cut now that I 've figured out how to do that , but I ca n't get the Pixela software to let me do it , even though that 's supposedly what it is for ...	hard drive	neutral
I did n't think it would be a problem at all , but now I have videos that I originally imported through iMovie that are compressed , I saved the .mts files to my hard drive , so I want to transfer them back to the camera and re - import them through Final Cut now that I 've figured out how to do that , but I ca n't get the Pixela software to let me do it , even though that 's supposedly what it is for ...	Pixela software	neutral
I do n't mind the Y - cable for use with computers that need the extra connection for power .	Y - cable	neutral
Not quite as fast as when installed in the laptop via the internal SATA bus but satisfied nonetheless .	SATA bus	neutral
I recently purchased the Dual channel HD version so can now record 4 channels at same time ( converted my Toshiba DVR / CD Player back to basic and can record one channel there if I wish . )	Dual channel HD	neutral
I recently purchased the Dual channel HD version so can now record 4 channels at same time ( converted my Toshiba DVR / CD Player back to basic and can record one channel there if I wish . )	CD Player	neutral
The sleeves outside dimensions are 14 " wide x 10 " high x " thick .	dimensions	neutral
Oh , and the battery life , while not living up to the hype of 7 hours does easily last 5 . 5 hours when set for maximum battery which gets me through all but the longest flights ( and who actually uses a computer longer than that while in flight ? )	battery life	neutral
Oh , and the battery life , while not living up to the hype of 7 hours does easily last 5 . 5 hours when set for maximum battery which gets me through all but the longest flights ( and who actually uses a computer longer than that while in flight ? )	battery	neutral
I recieved the power supply on Saturday and have n't been able to use it because it does n't come with the AC power cord necessary to connect it to an outlet .	power supply	neutral
I recieved the power supply on Saturday and have n't been able to use it because it does n't come with the AC power cord necessary to connect it to an outlet .	AC power cord	neutral
I purchased this charger for a family friend a few weeks ago .	charger	neutral
The mount needs work , but it stays on , though you have no ability to move the unit once it is on the windshield .	mount	neutral
: I see Amazon has raised the price for this item about+	price	neutral
But that just means , at least to me that I should use a mouse , I prefer to do it that way anyway .	mouse	neutral
no software to install or maintain-	software	neutral
brings up the task manager .	task manager	neutral
Construction feels pretty cheap .	Construction	neutral
I was dreading expecting to pay around $ 50 for a new power supply cord ,	power supply cord	neutral
I was seeing my connection drop out regularly , and I discovered that this was a common complaint among owners of these devices .	connection	neutral
The form factor of the card is nice .	form factor	neutral
The form factor of the card is nice .	card	neutral
The volume and screen brightness controls seem to be tightly coupled with a Windows driver	volume	neutral
The volume and screen brightness controls seem to be tightly coupled with a Windows driver	screen brightness controls	neutral
The volume and screen brightness controls seem to be tightly coupled with a Windows driver	Windows driver	neutral
A full - width hump , evidently holding additional cells , sticks roughly a half inch further out the back of the netbook .	cells	neutral
5 feet away ( I found this better than the specs said ) !	specs	neutral
I was pleased with the build and feel .	build	neutral
I was pleased with the build and feel .	feel	neutral
Another review noted the hum only with the magnetic cover on the iPad .	magnetic cover	neutral
Those filters are useful , but way too pricey for me .	filters	neutral
The keyboard was too tiny .	keyboard	neutral
The NB ( 330 ) has all the required ports as well as Bluetooth .	ports	neutral
The NB ( 330 ) has all the required ports as well as Bluetooth .	Bluetooth	neutral
I have been looking for a battery that would replace my dying one in my inspiron 1545 .	battery	neutral
Chrome browser responds very quickly .	Chrome browser	neutral
i will recommend to anyone who 's trying to improve sound quality from their laptop 's Built in speakers .	sound quality	neutral
I guess the metal part came unsoddered from the board then slipped out , so now it does n't work , and I only had it two weeks .	metal part	neutral
I guess the metal part came unsoddered from the board then slipped out , so now it does n't work , and I only had it two weeks .	board	neutral
This cord works great with my Asus tf101 eee pad .	cord	neutral
The mode that translates writing to text could be better .	mode	neutral
We all know how over priced some accessories can be , and how frustrating it can be to find a 3rd party equivalent at a reasonable price .	price	neutral
I was hoping for a kind of surround sound effect , but did not achieve it .	surround sound effect	neutral
At the risk of overlap , I 'll cover the basics : It 's got a nice big glossy 16:9 screen .	16:9	neutral
At the risk of overlap , I 'll cover the basics : It 's got a nice big glossy 16:9 screen .	screen	neutral
But my only critic about the hardware is that the right - shift shares its area with the up - arrow , and the number 0 for the number pad is too small .	hardware	neutral
But my only critic about the hardware is that the right - shift shares its area with the up - arrow , and the number 0 for the number pad is too small .	right - shift	neutral
But my only critic about the hardware is that the right - shift shares its area with the up - arrow , and the number 0 for the number pad is too small .	number pad	neutral
I purchased an Airport Express and connected it to my 2WIRE through their ethernet ports and the MacBook now connects wirelessly to the Airport Express without problems .	Airport Express	neutral
I purchased an Airport Express and connected it to my 2WIRE through their ethernet ports and the MacBook now connects wirelessly to the Airport Express without problems .	ethernet ports	neutral
I purchased an Airport Express and connected it to my 2WIRE through their ethernet ports and the MacBook now connects wirelessly to the Airport Express without problems .	Airport Express	neutral
130 Mpbs were achieved , compared to 65 Mpbs with my Linksys PCMCIA slot Wireless N adapter .	Linksys PCMCIA slot Wireless N adapter	neutral
X. One thing I did find -- a very minor OS X system glitch -- was my " Movies " folder was not recognized	OS X system	neutral
they put a couple pieces of software that I would compare to bloatware which I immediately removed upon receiving it .	software	neutral
they put a couple pieces of software that I would compare to bloatware which I immediately removed upon receiving it .	bloatware	neutral
But , for my mobile life , i. e. when I travel , I think I am really going to enjoy Windows 8 on this little beauty !	Windows 8	neutral
The quickest exposure settings are for 1sec .	exposure settings	neutral
In short I 'd say its the perfect case for someone wanting to combine funcationality , style and comfort all in one package .	case	neutral
The interior compartment has a space perfectly sized for the Surface , with a velcro strap to secure it in place .	interior compartment	neutral
The keyboard feels very flimsy .	keyboard	neutral
The Dolby control panel has a lot of adjustments and enhancements .	Dolby control panel	neutral
Excellent sound for the size .	sound	neutral
Excellent sound for the size .	size	neutral
I 've only seen the ones that come with chargers but my point remains .	chargers	neutral
( until they really break new ground).In addition , Logitech has added a small remote ( 1 " X 3 " ) that controls the On / Off , volume , sound source ( iTunes / computer ) and Play / Advance , but its gimmicky	remote	neutral
( until they really break new ground).In addition , Logitech has added a small remote ( 1 " X 3 " ) that controls the On / Off , volume , sound source ( iTunes / computer ) and Play / Advance , but its gimmicky	volume	neutral
( until they really break new ground).In addition , Logitech has added a small remote ( 1 " X 3 " ) that controls the On / Off , volume , sound source ( iTunes / computer ) and Play / Advance , but its gimmicky	sound source	neutral
( until they really break new ground).In addition , Logitech has added a small remote ( 1 " X 3 " ) that controls the On / Off , volume , sound source ( iTunes / computer ) and Play / Advance , but its gimmicky	Play /	neutral
Very happy with the case & the Ultra that fits inside .	case	neutral
I think the problem is the tabs , as mentioned in another review , are made to hold the cards in place securely during shipping	tabs	neutral
I think the problem is the tabs , as mentioned in another review , are made to hold the cards in place securely during shipping	cards	neutral
The hard drive can not be replaced .	hard drive	neutral
Considering all the features and quality of this set I am surprised it is not more expensive .	features	neutral
Considering all the features and quality of this set I am surprised it is not more expensive .	quality	neutral
Other than those two minor points , it is a great little burst of sound for the money !	sound	neutral
However , you can just download an extension that acts as a screenshot button , except with WAY more features than the normal PRINT SCREEN button .	screenshot button	neutral
However , you can just download an extension that acts as a screenshot button , except with WAY more features than the normal PRINT SCREEN button .	features	neutral
However , you can just download an extension that acts as a screenshot button , except with WAY more features than the normal PRINT SCREEN button .	PRINT SCREEN button	neutral
Not only was it not backward compatible with Blue Tooth 2 . 1 ( as indicated ) , but Medialink 4 . 0	Blue Tooth 2 . 1	neutral
Not only was it not backward compatible with Blue Tooth 2 . 1 ( as indicated ) , but Medialink 4 . 0	Medialink 4 . 0	neutral
They are no frills , so no extra pockets or anything , but they are of surprisingly high quality .	pockets	neutral
The mouse goes to sleep after a time , and there 's a button on top to wake it up again .	mouse	neutral
Linux and xUbuntu .	Linux	neutral
Linux and xUbuntu .	xUbuntu	neutral
It is an exact replacement for a cracked screen .	screen	neutral
I really like this , easy to carry , easy to open and show in security check area in airports .	carry	neutral
I really like this , easy to carry , easy to open and show in security check area in airports .	open	neutral
I 've been using Coolmax compact enclosures for some time and now decided to move up to the USB 3 since i just got the card for my laptop .	USB 3	neutral
Has an easy storage for the cord .	storage	neutral
Has an easy storage for the cord .	cord	neutral
Some genius removed the start button and the power button put it to sleep , so I googled it .	start button	neutral
Some genius removed the start button and the power button put it to sleep , so I googled it .	power button	neutral
The performance is amazing , the solid state drive gets him up and running on the drop of a dime .	performance	neutral
The performance is amazing , the solid state drive gets him up and running on the drop of a dime .	solid state drive	neutral
So far I have tested out the battery pack to make sure it works how I want it .	battery pack	neutral
, I see now that they carefully only mention that the AC - outlet is surge protected .	AC - outlet	neutral
It breathes enough to accommodate large items and has enough pockets to slip needful stuff into .	pockets	neutral
The key press pressure is very soft and it seems like keystrokes sometimes do not register unless you press the keys dead center .	key press pressure	neutral
The key press pressure is very soft and it seems like keystrokes sometimes do not register unless you press the keys dead center .	keystrokes	neutral
The key press pressure is very soft and it seems like keystrokes sometimes do not register unless you press the keys dead center .	keys	neutral
* * * * * * * * * 5 MONTHS LATER , AM HAVING PROBLEMS WITH USB PORTS ; INTERMITTENT CONNECTIONS .	USB PORTS	neutral
I would add a case because the model zipper may scratch the mac if you are not careful .	case	neutral
I would add a case because the model zipper may scratch the mac if you are not careful .	model zipper	neutral
these are all 3rd party adapters , so I feel I 'm always taking a risk .	adapters	neutral
There is n't much to this product , so the price seems a little high .	price	neutral
It also comes with a sleep option so when not in use it will FADE--	sleep option	neutral
and then the usb with internet	usb with internet	neutral
It also has zipper pockets for cables and chips .	zipper pockets	neutral
It also has zipper pockets for cables and chips .	cables	neutral
I do n't like the sound quality as much as the picture quality , but you can always plug in an external speaker set , or route it through a sound system .	sound quality	neutral
I do n't like the sound quality as much as the picture quality , but you can always plug in an external speaker set , or route it through a sound system .	picture quality	neutral
I do n't like the sound quality as much as the picture quality , but you can always plug in an external speaker set , or route it through a sound system .	external speaker set	neutral
I do n't like the sound quality as much as the picture quality , but you can always plug in an external speaker set , or route it through a sound system .	sound system	neutral
Love the extra speed for the good price .	speed	neutral
Love the extra speed for the good price .	price	neutral
It runs like an angel .	runs	neutral
Also I have noticed an extreme cooling of my laptop .	cooling	neutral
Once the lid was closed it was hard to open as the screen side lid would protrude and reduce the gap used to open in general case .	lid	neutral
Once the lid was closed it was hard to open as the screen side lid would protrude and reduce the gap used to open in general case .	screen side lid	neutral
For the EXACT same price , you can find the i7 processor on Best Buy !	price	neutral
For the EXACT same price , you can find the i7 processor on Best Buy !	i7 processor	neutral
I have n't tried other features yet .	features	neutral
I installed , formatted and installed software .	software	neutral
I 've had countless emails back and forth with tech support and are still waiting to hear back from them ... replacements came , one of the two was defective , created a blue screen of death and my mouse driver stopped working ... worked great for about 6 months and died out of nowhere	tech support	neutral
I 've had countless emails back and forth with tech support and are still waiting to hear back from them ... replacements came , one of the two was defective , created a blue screen of death and my mouse driver stopped working ... worked great for about 6 months and died out of nowhere	mouse driver	neutral
It created hardware problems even after the upgrade adviser said my computer was compatible .	hardware	neutral
Microfiber cloth works great and a big bonus .	Microfiber cloth	neutral
When I 'm in class , I ca n't even hear the fan .	fan	neutral
I understand that the pricing was too good to be true , but at least they should advertise that you are not getting a new battery !	pricing	neutral
I understand that the pricing was too good to be true , but at least they should advertise that you are not getting a new battery !	battery	neutral
It always works perfectly .	works	neutral
Write them for any questions you might have regarding which mouse to buy .	mouse	neutral
You place your laptop on it , plug it into a USB port , and that 's it .	USB port	neutral
The sound quality is excellent , much better than most bluetooth speakers .	sound quality	neutral
First his product was thought to be good enough to not bulk up the laptop and make closing and opening the cover shell difficult .	cover shell	neutral
Turn on the bluetooth on your device , press the power button on this unit ( in between the two volume buttons ) to turn it on ( you will hear an audible sound ) and keep holding it for a couple of seconds until you hear another sound , which is the bluetooth pairing mode .	power button	neutral
It boots to the desktop in about 15 seconds .	boots	neutral
I got accessories like the 58 mm Mennon Lens Hood , and the DM-50 microphone attachment ( for the mini canon advancment shoe ) and sunpack 7575 fluid head tripod ..	58 mm Mennon Lens Hood	neutral
I got accessories like the 58 mm Mennon Lens Hood , and the DM-50 microphone attachment ( for the mini canon advancment shoe ) and sunpack 7575 fluid head tripod ..	DM-50 microphone attachment	neutral
The connectors are solid and appropriately stiff .	connectors	neutral
Finally , the last issue is the fact that the adapter puts off much more heat than the stock adapter .	adapter	neutral
Finally , the last issue is the fact that the adapter puts off much more heat than the stock adapter .	stock adapter	neutral
There is no support for Skype , however , this is a google computer , so you will need a G mail account which means you can use Google Hangouts to video chat , I actually like it better than skype .	Skype	neutral
There is no support for Skype , however , this is a google computer , so you will need a G mail account which means you can use Google Hangouts to video chat , I actually like it better than skype .	Google Hangouts	neutral
There is no support for Skype , however , this is a google computer , so you will need a G mail account which means you can use Google Hangouts to video chat , I actually like it better than skype .	skype	neutral
I had a spare monitor at home so after some research on the web , discovered all I needed was an HDMI to DVI Adapter cable .	monitor	neutral
I had a spare monitor at home so after some research on the web , discovered all I needed was an HDMI to DVI Adapter cable .	HDMI to	neutral
I had a spare monitor at home so after some research on the web , discovered all I needed was an HDMI to DVI Adapter cable .	DVI Adapter cable	neutral
Adapter works just perfect .	Adapter	neutral
Compact when closed and the light is pleaseant and ample .	light	neutral
The problems ranged from the Dell only connecting at 54 Mbps to the media software on one of the Androids setting it up to hardware accelerate which caused video playback not to have sound .	media software	neutral
The problems ranged from the Dell only connecting at 54 Mbps to the media software on one of the Androids setting it up to hardware accelerate which caused video playback not to have sound .	hardware accelerate	neutral
The problems ranged from the Dell only connecting at 54 Mbps to the media software on one of the Androids setting it up to hardware accelerate which caused video playback not to have sound .	video playback	neutral
The problems ranged from the Dell only connecting at 54 Mbps to the media software on one of the Androids setting it up to hardware accelerate which caused video playback not to have sound .	sound	neutral
Very easy to set - up .	set - up	neutral
I am so happy HP continued with ruggedized shells , as it is much better than plastic and it looks very nice ; very professional .	shells	neutral
If i needed to buy another adapter ( for any windows machine ) I would grab one of these again .	adapter	neutral
Just realize that most color prints are 3 . 5 x 5 and larger ones are 4 . 5 x 6 ; these PoGos are 2 x 3 , so they 're about half the size of th small prints you get at the store .	color	neutral
This adapter really boosts my wifi signal	wifi signal	neutral
My old bamboo had just died , and that poor thing had had a rough life .	life	neutral
I pair this with the CaseCrown Tidal Sleeve Case for protection in a backpack for Campus use and it 's great and fits perfectly .	CaseCrown Tidal Sleeve Case	neutral
Battery Life is really really good .	Battery Life	neutral
I have two cameras and 4 len 's and all the chargers	chargers	neutral
I 've since moved this dongle to two different Windows 7 64 bit systems .	dongle	neutral
I 've since moved this dongle to two different Windows 7 64 bit systems .	Windows 7 64 bit systems	neutral
Eliminates wear on all the connectors because everything is connected by way of a dedicated socket on the underside .	connectors	neutral
Eliminates wear on all the connectors because everything is connected by way of a dedicated socket on the underside .	socket	neutral
It protects the aluminum MAC cover .	aluminum MAC cover	neutral
The repairman confirmed my concern that the replacement boards tend to blow within a year or so , as well .	repairman	neutral
Its easy to see whose Mac Book is whose with the bold colors .	colors	neutral
It is good memory for your computer abilities .	memory	neutral
But it really does seem like a very good amp .	amp	neutral
The female end is snug and should n't disconnect randomly .	female end	neutral
I really like the physical design of the camera , and the packaging was very consumer friendly , but I ca n't endorse a product that lies in the description like this .	physical design	neutral
I really like the physical design of the camera , and the packaging was very consumer friendly , but I ca n't endorse a product that lies in the description like this .	camera	neutral
I really like the physical design of the camera , and the packaging was very consumer friendly , but I ca n't endorse a product that lies in the description like this .	packaging	neutral
I own a TDK A33 , which moves around the same price range ( price has been fluctuating in Amazon ) and even though larger than this one is almost the same as practical , it is also sturdier and has a better output sound ( bass seems to be an issue with the Mipow Boomax )	price range	neutral
I own a TDK A33 , which moves around the same price range ( price has been fluctuating in Amazon ) and even though larger than this one is almost the same as practical , it is also sturdier and has a better output sound ( bass seems to be an issue with the Mipow Boomax )	price	neutral
I own a TDK A33 , which moves around the same price range ( price has been fluctuating in Amazon ) and even though larger than this one is almost the same as practical , it is also sturdier and has a better output sound ( bass seems to be an issue with the Mipow Boomax )	output sound	neutral
I own a TDK A33 , which moves around the same price range ( price has been fluctuating in Amazon ) and even though larger than this one is almost the same as practical , it is also sturdier and has a better output sound ( bass seems to be an issue with the Mipow Boomax )	bass	neutral
Style - this is one nice looking bag .	Style	neutral
Four days after Amazon agreed that the description is wrong it is still not corrected .	description	neutral
If your looking for extra USB ports then buy a USB hub .	USB ports	neutral
If your looking for extra USB ports then buy a USB hub .	USB hub	neutral
Trying the PowerLine two way splitter plus usb now .	PowerLine two way splitter	neutral
Trying the PowerLine two way splitter plus usb now .	usb	neutral
Ships with faulty firmware .	firmware	neutral
It charges well .	charges	neutral
Same goes for A / V dongle .	A / V dongle	neutral
Just Enough Storage , and very lightweight .	Storage	neutral
I do like the security feature of using the handle to put under the table so that thieves will not be able to snatch it as easily .	security feature	neutral
I do like the security feature of using the handle to put under the table so that thieves will not be able to snatch it as easily .	handle	neutral
Double Entry Accounting : I thought this was going to get me , but I found a free , cloud - based app on the Chrome Web Store .	cloud - based	neutral
Double Entry Accounting : I thought this was going to get me , but I found a free , cloud - based app on the Chrome Web Store .	app	neutral
What to do with all those memory cards !	memory cards	neutral
I play Star Wars Battlefront II and get maybe 25 FPS average with low settings .	settings	neutral
The screen is OK .	screen	neutral
Even with the most expensive cooling mat , it still managed to overheat .	cooling mat	neutral
and it 's performing flawlessly .	performing	neutral
Hi Definition Notebook computer , but it 's so impressive , with outstanding performance , utility , standard features , software , and has hardware packaging that is 2nd to none in this price range of c.$1250+/- notebooks , that I could n't wait to put it in perspective , compared to other " media center " notebooks .	performance	neutral
Hi Definition Notebook computer , but it 's so impressive , with outstanding performance , utility , standard features , software , and has hardware packaging that is 2nd to none in this price range of c.$1250+/- notebooks , that I could n't wait to put it in perspective , compared to other " media center " notebooks .	utility	neutral
Hi Definition Notebook computer , but it 's so impressive , with outstanding performance , utility , standard features , software , and has hardware packaging that is 2nd to none in this price range of c.$1250+/- notebooks , that I could n't wait to put it in perspective , compared to other " media center " notebooks .	features	neutral
Hi Definition Notebook computer , but it 's so impressive , with outstanding performance , utility , standard features , software , and has hardware packaging that is 2nd to none in this price range of c.$1250+/- notebooks , that I could n't wait to put it in perspective , compared to other " media center " notebooks .	software	neutral
Hi Definition Notebook computer , but it 's so impressive , with outstanding performance , utility , standard features , software , and has hardware packaging that is 2nd to none in this price range of c.$1250+/- notebooks , that I could n't wait to put it in perspective , compared to other " media center " notebooks .	hardware packaging	neutral
Hi Definition Notebook computer , but it 's so impressive , with outstanding performance , utility , standard features , software , and has hardware packaging that is 2nd to none in this price range of c.$1250+/- notebooks , that I could n't wait to put it in perspective , compared to other " media center " notebooks .	price	neutral
Anyway the deal is that this cooling base is awesome , but there are a couple of improvements I 'd like to see concerning the stand .	cooling base	neutral
Anyway the deal is that this cooling base is awesome , but there are a couple of improvements I 'd like to see concerning the stand .	stand	neutral
because of glossy screen ( hate reflections ) , 4 GB ram limit ( at the time of purchase ) and limited storage options chose X220 and have been pretty satisfied .	screen	neutral
because of glossy screen ( hate reflections ) , 4 GB ram limit ( at the time of purchase ) and limited storage options chose X220 and have been pretty satisfied .	4 GB ram limit	neutral
because of glossy screen ( hate reflections ) , 4 GB ram limit ( at the time of purchase ) and limited storage options chose X220 and have been pretty satisfied .	storage	neutral
This thing is LOADED with bloatware .	bloatware	neutral
The Page Up / Down keys are above the numeric keypad -- way out of reach .	Page Up / Down keys	neutral
The Page Up / Down keys are above the numeric keypad -- way out of reach .	numeric keypad	neutral
I also like the menu switching feature that uses three or four finger gestures to switch between multiple windows and applications .	menu switching feature	neutral
I also like the menu switching feature that uses three or four finger gestures to switch between multiple windows and applications .	windows	neutral
I also like the menu switching feature that uses three or four finger gestures to switch between multiple windows and applications .	applications	neutral
As others have said , these caps stay on better than the stock Canon lens cap .	caps	neutral
As others have said , these caps stay on better than the stock Canon lens cap .	lens cap	neutral
The color was brighter than expected but it does its job	color	neutral
My son got a new computer when he started high school and he did n't have a bag .	bag	neutral
but there was a warning that the Snow Leopard drivers did not work .	Snow Leopard drivers	neutral
This one arrived very quickly and works great !	works	neutral
but downgraded the Hard Drive , Touch , 4 GB , / one of the better CPU / APU options in this category for gaming ( Portal 2 and Torchlight 2 on high settings but lag free !	Hard Drive	neutral
but downgraded the Hard Drive , Touch , 4 GB , / one of the better CPU / APU options in this category for gaming ( Portal 2 and Torchlight 2 on high settings but lag free !	Touch	neutral
but downgraded the Hard Drive , Touch , 4 GB , / one of the better CPU / APU options in this category for gaming ( Portal 2 and Torchlight 2 on high settings but lag free !	4 GB	neutral
but downgraded the Hard Drive , Touch , 4 GB , / one of the better CPU / APU options in this category for gaming ( Portal 2 and Torchlight 2 on high settings but lag free !	CPU /	neutral
but downgraded the Hard Drive , Touch , 4 GB , / one of the better CPU / APU options in this category for gaming ( Portal 2 and Torchlight 2 on high settings but lag free !	APU	neutral
but downgraded the Hard Drive , Touch , 4 GB , / one of the better CPU / APU options in this category for gaming ( Portal 2 and Torchlight 2 on high settings but lag free !	gaming	neutral
It charges the speaker more quickly and lets me charge it anywhere .	charges	neutral
It charges the speaker more quickly and lets me charge it anywhere .	speaker	neutral
I have a Creative Zen Micro Photo and I looped the same song to hear the difference in quality .	quality	neutral
It even comes with an extra boost of power cord ( 5 volt ) just in case it jitters during playback .. it works on my lap top too .	power cord	neutral
However , for my purpose of light portability for travel with adequate storage space , this is exactly what I need .	portability	neutral
However , for my purpose of light portability for travel with adequate storage space , this is exactly what I need .	storage space	neutral
The price / value ratio on this can not be beat .. nor does anything come close1st setting is flat EQ with a nice clean boost ..	price /	neutral
The price / value ratio on this can not be beat .. nor does anything come close1st setting is flat EQ with a nice clean boost ..	value ratio	neutral
It boots to Windows 7 in less than 15 seconds .	boots	neutral
It boots to Windows 7 in less than 15 seconds .	Windows 7	neutral
The RAM upgrade has not appreciably improved the performance of the computer and at random times it takes considerable time to boot up .	RAM upgrade	neutral
The RAM upgrade has not appreciably improved the performance of the computer and at random times it takes considerable time to boot up .	performance	neutral
The RAM upgrade has not appreciably improved the performance of the computer and at random times it takes considerable time to boot up .	boot up	neutral
The connection to my local home network was easy , and transfer speeds were excellent .	transfer speeds	neutral
There are a couple of widgets that show you power saving vs. performance settings and there are function keys to control the same .	power saving	neutral
There are a couple of widgets that show you power saving vs. performance settings and there are function keys to control the same .	performance	neutral
There are a couple of widgets that show you power saving vs. performance settings and there are function keys to control the same .	function keys	neutral
USB driven external hard drive .	USB driven external hard drive	neutral
Wish my laptop had USB 3 . 0	USB 3 . 0	neutral
The keyboard does have a very shallow key travel , but this does not bother me .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard does have a very shallow key travel , but this does not bother me .	key travel	neutral
, I should have gone with a touch screen ; that is my only regret .	touch screen	neutral
It arrived today , set it up , and looks way better than the Toshiba ( minus the built in DVD player , but I recently purchased a PS3 and the " older " bluray player has moved into the bedroom ) .	bluray player	neutral
2 ) Make sure you have a Windows disk so you can run the " repair " option without repurchasing .	Windows disk	neutral
2 ) Make sure you have a Windows disk so you can run the " repair " option without repurchasing .	repair "	neutral
The unit 's case is made of a rather cheap feeling plastic , and the door to the bay would not close reliably .	case	neutral
The unit 's case is made of a rather cheap feeling plastic , and the door to the bay would not close reliably .	door to the bay	neutral
I stick with four stars because I wish it did have a backlit keyboard , so you can take my rating with that grain of salt .	backlit keyboard	neutral
Also , it appears to be possible for someone using the chromebook to expand the size of an application window so far that he ca n't close the window .	application	neutral
It only improved the sound quality of my Sennheiser HD598 and Grado SR80 maybe about 5 % .	sound quality	neutral
Overall the keyboard is excellent and the company is great !	keyboard	neutral
Overall the keyboard is excellent and the company is great !	company	neutral
The upgrades going to N are substantial , with a higher # of channels , dual band , and easy setup .	setup	neutral
the price was great compared to the $ 85 that dell wanted too charge me .	price	neutral
no problems , super great signal .	signal	neutral
works great !	works	neutral
The design is actually pretty sleek .	design	neutral
Keeps the dust off the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I 'll start at the end , this adapter NOW works flawlessly .	adapter	neutral
With the lack of software and support for Windows system , I would not use Mac as my main laptop .	software	neutral
With the lack of software and support for Windows system , I would not use Mac as my main laptop .	Windows system	neutral
The battery in my T43p went kaput and I decided to replace the battery .	battery	neutral
The battery in my T43p went kaput and I decided to replace the battery .	battery	neutral
the 1200 laptop from Lenovo did n't have this , when you have 100mb+ Internet speed that gets at most 50mbps on 2 .	Internet speed	neutral
Some users are probably better springing for the SSD , but this met my needs .	SSD	neutral
I favor AMD due to their graphics performance doubling that of Intel variant.&lt;>&lt;>EXPECTED PERFORMANCE METER&lt;>&lt;>&lt;Entertainment>[Average	graphics performance	neutral
I favor AMD due to their graphics performance doubling that of Intel variant.&lt;>&lt;>EXPECTED PERFORMANCE METER&lt;>&lt;>&lt;Entertainment>[Average	PERFORMANCE METER&lt;>&lt;>&lt;Entertainment>[Average	neutral
I can see a musician composing on the pages while humming or singing along while the pen records it all .	pen	neutral
And having purchased and installed it , the adapter has lived up to all my expectations .	adapter	neutral
For the past two months I am struggling with the wireless connector with this computer .	wireless connector	neutral
If your looking for 16 GB of memory for your laptop - this is for you .	16 GB	neutral
I had also downloaded PDF 995 , PDF 995 converter , PhotoScape , Irfanview , and CCleaner , and these also survived .	PhotoScape	neutral
But I still appreciate the value of these speakers because of the tiny amount of space it takes up , the good quality sound , the ease of use , and the portability factor .	speakers	neutral
But I still appreciate the value of these speakers because of the tiny amount of space it takes up , the good quality sound , the ease of use , and the portability factor .	space	neutral
But I still appreciate the value of these speakers because of the tiny amount of space it takes up , the good quality sound , the ease of use , and the portability factor .	use	neutral
But I still appreciate the value of these speakers because of the tiny amount of space it takes up , the good quality sound , the ease of use , and the portability factor .	portability factor	neutral
Had an issue about a program that was loaded on it without the licensing documentation	program	neutral
Had an issue about a program that was loaded on it without the licensing documentation	licensing documentation	neutral
My short run from Cablestogo of the same idea , though only 6 " long is of much higher quality on the RGB end , using cable clamps and actual adapters rather than three wires heat shrinked to the end .	RGB	neutral
My short run from Cablestogo of the same idea , though only 6 " long is of much higher quality on the RGB end , using cable clamps and actual adapters rather than three wires heat shrinked to the end .	cable clamps	neutral
My short run from Cablestogo of the same idea , though only 6 " long is of much higher quality on the RGB end , using cable clamps and actual adapters rather than three wires heat shrinked to the end .	adapters	neutral
An odd nearly 2:1 aspect ratio on screen which reduces its at first gloss largeness utility as headers and footers eat up too much vertical space .	aspect ratio	neutral
An odd nearly 2:1 aspect ratio on screen which reduces its at first gloss largeness utility as headers and footers eat up too much vertical space .	screen	neutral
An odd nearly 2:1 aspect ratio on screen which reduces its at first gloss largeness utility as headers and footers eat up too much vertical space .	headers	neutral
The only way to run the laptop with this battery now , is to constantly be plugged in .	battery	neutral
The lag went from about half a second to the 2 seconds that another review had posted .	lag	neutral
Also excellent shipping .	shipping	neutral
Almost as simple has plugging in a usb drive .	usb drive	neutral
I find it cumbersome to remove the dock all the time so my original case needed replacing .	dock	neutral
No software needed for special keys , like volume control .	software	neutral
No software needed for special keys , like volume control .	keys	neutral
No software needed for special keys , like volume control .	volume control	neutral
so I would say spend a little more to get a better quality .	quality	neutral
i love the 9 inch screen + size , it only weighs 2 .	9 inch screen	neutral
i love the 9 inch screen + size , it only weighs 2 .	size	neutral
i love the 9 inch screen + size , it only weighs 2 .	weighs	neutral
The price is a little steep , but still reasonable .	price	neutral
It may just be an issue with Macs and bluetooth ( had the same issue with a bluetooth mouse )	bluetooth	neutral
It may just be an issue with Macs and bluetooth ( had the same issue with a bluetooth mouse )	bluetooth mouse	neutral
Pros - Very reflective screen .	screen	neutral
Very good quality .	quality	neutral
Found this enclosure case for about $ 5 . 00 and some change with free shipping from China .	enclosure case	neutral
Found this enclosure case for about $ 5 . 00 and some change with free shipping from China .	shipping	neutral
: I was a little worried about problems with the wireless card before I made my purchase , as I found an unsettling large amount of complaints online about Samsung 's wireless card .	wireless card	neutral
: I was a little worried about problems with the wireless card before I made my purchase , as I found an unsettling large amount of complaints online about Samsung 's wireless card .	wireless card	neutral
Once opened , connect your PS3 controller to your computer using the same USB cable you use to charge your controller with your PS3 .	USB cable	neutral
The inner pocket is a really nice addition .	inner pocket	neutral
I have an old RoG gaming laptop that had serious heat issues but this little guy can handle it with ease .	heat	neutral
I am concerned that the zipper at the top of the bag would some day scratch the LCD screen on the back of myCanon Digital Rebel XSi	zipper	neutral
I am concerned that the zipper at the top of the bag would some day scratch the LCD screen on the back of myCanon Digital Rebel XSi	LCD screen	neutral
This is a top quality HDMI cable , solid , durable and it wo n't fail .	HDMI cable	neutral
As for length of time this battery powers my laptop without AC , I know it will degrade as the months pass and if it is under what I would consider normal , I will report back .	battery	neutral
As for length of time this battery powers my laptop without AC , I know it will degrade as the months pass and if it is under what I would consider normal , I will report back .	AC	neutral
It 's proved to be invaluable for the number of USBs that I needed to plug into my computer as well as my Toshiba Thrive .	USBs	neutral
The sleeve has a very lovely brown striped pattern .	sleeve	neutral
To play non - web based games which must be installed via a CD / DVD player ; not on a Chromebook , or to do photo or video editing , or to use any software that installs on your computer versus being played in an internet browser - forget about it .	web based games	neutral
To play non - web based games which must be installed via a CD / DVD player ; not on a Chromebook , or to do photo or video editing , or to use any software that installs on your computer versus being played in an internet browser - forget about it .	CD / DVD player	neutral
To play non - web based games which must be installed via a CD / DVD player ; not on a Chromebook , or to do photo or video editing , or to use any software that installs on your computer versus being played in an internet browser - forget about it .	software	neutral
Even if you own a Mac , it 's amazing , but Apple likes to make other manufacturers ' hardware APPEAR to be worse than theirs , so they can justify their stratospheric prices and pump up their profits , so your experience may not live up to the potential of this impressive little webcam .	hardware	neutral
Even if you own a Mac , it 's amazing , but Apple likes to make other manufacturers ' hardware APPEAR to be worse than theirs , so they can justify their stratospheric prices and pump up their profits , so your experience may not live up to the potential of this impressive little webcam .	prices	neutral
The monitor fits perfectly .	monitor	neutral
It 's likely that you 'll have to return this item and cancel the service .	service	neutral
After a few months I destroyed the cooler structure , drilled three large holes in the notebook stand where I usually use the notebook , and mounted the three fans under the holes .	cooler structure	neutral
After a few months I destroyed the cooler structure , drilled three large holes in the notebook stand where I usually use the notebook , and mounted the three fans under the holes .	fans	neutral
Now if someone can just tell me where I can get a lighter weight travel charger instead of the original brick that comes with it ?	travel charger	neutral
Now if someone can just tell me where I can get a lighter weight travel charger instead of the original brick that comes with it ?	brick	neutral
Laptop Battery for Dell Inspiron 1520 1521 1720	Battery	neutral
" Allow the computer to turn off this device to save power " for each of them .	power	neutral
Lots more definition , better bass ( not bass bosted ...	definition	neutral
Lots more definition , better bass ( not bass bosted ...	bass	neutral
Lots more definition , better bass ( not bass bosted ...	bass	neutral
than I thought - decent cooler power - USB	USB	neutral
Its far easier than my older system which was buying larger external HD 's and transferring the data onto those .	external HD 's	neutral
Welcome back to the ' 80 's people with speeds approaching 28 K and 56K.	speeds	neutral
Key presses are shallow , but perceptible .	Key presses	neutral
I find the layout on 17 .	layout	neutral
I think the lip is a great bonus feature - but someone else may not appreciate it , so do be aware .	lip	neutral
I think the lip is a great bonus feature - but someone else may not appreciate it , so do be aware .	feature	neutral
Also no Netflix support , but that`s not Asus problem .	Netflix support	neutral
Boosted my previous battery 's life to quite a bit more .	battery	neutral
Boosted my previous battery 's life to quite a bit more .	life	neutral
Messenger Bag ( Purple ) is fashionable with adequate room for all your accessories - but vanity comes at a price .	price	neutral
Bad batteries - Puts strain on the charger .	batteries	neutral
Bad batteries - Puts strain on the charger .	charger	neutral
Very comfortable to carry , lots of room for storage .	carry	neutral
Very comfortable to carry , lots of room for storage .	storage	neutral
This device does the trick by connecting to a lateral USB port .	USB port	neutral
It is a great color especially for girls and a must buy for all high school and college students because I am a college student too and i know how sometimes you forget there is a laptop in the bag and after a rough day just fling it around .	color	neutral
The connection speed ( from a Win 7 desktop ) is * lightning * fast and the drivers are flawless .	connection speed	neutral
The connection speed ( from a Win 7 desktop ) is * lightning * fast and the drivers are flawless .	Win 7	neutral
The connection speed ( from a Win 7 desktop ) is * lightning * fast and the drivers are flawless .	drivers	neutral
WinTV uses only 8 - 14 % of CPU on a i5 - 3210 M Lenovo Z580 laptop , so it 's very efficient .	WinTV	neutral
WinTV uses only 8 - 14 % of CPU on a i5 - 3210 M Lenovo Z580 laptop , so it 's very efficient .	CPU	neutral
Due to the design , it can be used with or without the USB powered fan plugged in .	design	neutral
Due to the design , it can be used with or without the USB powered fan plugged in .	USB powered fan	neutral
Opening the lid automatically boots the machine to save even more time .	lid	neutral
By the way Class 6 means a read and write to the card of 6 MB / s and a Class 10 can do 10 MB / s " in theory " because it does not always work that way .	card	neutral
The wireless connectivity has also been very good .	wireless connectivity	neutral
and I have n't had any connection problems since .	connection	neutral
The track - pad is unresponsive quite often for several seconds and lags and skips on occasion , but this is n't a real killer , especially if you have even the smallest semblance of patience .	track - pad	neutral
All I wanted was media and document backup and storage that I could access remotely .	storage	neutral
But if you use it for movies I thought the 3d looked pretty good .	3d	neutral
Often times this meant not actually registering the keystroke , and having to backspace and correct my typing frequently .	keystroke	neutral
The greatest risk of damage is when we pull the case out of our other bag or put it back in , and handles GREATLY reduce the risk of slipping and dropping during those moments.- During storage at home , I will separate the battery from the main unit so it does n't discharge , and the side slot is a perfect place to put it ( diagonally).A WORD	case	neutral
The greatest risk of damage is when we pull the case out of our other bag or put it back in , and handles GREATLY reduce the risk of slipping and dropping during those moments.- During storage at home , I will separate the battery from the main unit so it does n't discharge , and the side slot is a perfect place to put it ( diagonally).A WORD	handles	neutral
The greatest risk of damage is when we pull the case out of our other bag or put it back in , and handles GREATLY reduce the risk of slipping and dropping during those moments.- During storage at home , I will separate the battery from the main unit so it does n't discharge , and the side slot is a perfect place to put it ( diagonally).A WORD	battery	neutral
The greatest risk of damage is when we pull the case out of our other bag or put it back in , and handles GREATLY reduce the risk of slipping and dropping during those moments.- During storage at home , I will separate the battery from the main unit so it does n't discharge , and the side slot is a perfect place to put it ( diagonally).A WORD	side slot	neutral
If your computer is a bit heavy and , added to that , you tend to carry other things in the bag ( portable hard drive , papers , etc . ) , the handle is good enough only to move or position the bag , not carry it .	hard drive	neutral
If your computer is a bit heavy and , added to that , you tend to carry other things in the bag ( portable hard drive , papers , etc . ) , the handle is good enough only to move or position the bag , not carry it .	handle	neutral
The silly trackpad gestures are annoying when they get in the way , which is often , and useless anyway , but they are easy to disable so its not a drawback .	trackpad gestures	neutral
I figured out that it was probably just that the signal was low enough that the speaker was thinking there was n't one and shutting off .	signal	neutral
I figured out that it was probably just that the signal was low enough that the speaker was thinking there was n't one and shutting off .	speaker	neutral
The disk tray is heavier than the housing , causing it to tip forward when you eject / insert a disk .	disk tray	neutral
The disk tray is heavier than the housing , causing it to tip forward when you eject / insert a disk .	housing	neutral
While they can OUTPUT at 1080p , they 're actually RENDERING at 720p or below and scaling , and of course have lower quality effects settings , lower quality textures , etc.-As per above , I 'm very happy with Nvidia 's Geforce GTX 560 .	effects settings	neutral
While they can OUTPUT at 1080p , they 're actually RENDERING at 720p or below and scaling , and of course have lower quality effects settings , lower quality textures , etc.-As per above , I 'm very happy with Nvidia 's Geforce GTX 560 .	textures	neutral
While they can OUTPUT at 1080p , they 're actually RENDERING at 720p or below and scaling , and of course have lower quality effects settings , lower quality textures , etc.-As per above , I 'm very happy with Nvidia 's Geforce GTX 560 .	Nvidia	neutral
While they can OUTPUT at 1080p , they 're actually RENDERING at 720p or below and scaling , and of course have lower quality effects settings , lower quality textures , etc.-As per above , I 'm very happy with Nvidia 's Geforce GTX 560 .	Geforce GTX 560	neutral
For the price , I wish the exterior were leather rather than fabric but other than that it is a very good case .	price	neutral
For the price , I wish the exterior were leather rather than fabric but other than that it is a very good case .	exterior	neutral
For the price , I wish the exterior were leather rather than fabric but other than that it is a very good case .	case	neutral
I ca n't find the software that came with the device on my laptop but HP Media Smart and Windows Media software work just fine .	software	neutral
I ca n't find the software that came with the device on my laptop but HP Media Smart and Windows Media software work just fine .	HP Media Smart	neutral
I ca n't find the software that came with the device on my laptop but HP Media Smart and Windows Media software work just fine .	Windows Media software	neutral
ROKR V9 m RAZR2 and other Motorola micro USB devices , and Datastream DATASTREAM Premium Micro USB Data Sync Cable ( 6 ft . )	Datastream DATASTREAM Premium Micro USB Data Sync Cable	neutral
So the dock is essential in desktop mode ( for me , anyway ) .	dock	neutral
The bottom line is that I wish this cover was manufactured with a smoother edge and fit slightly better .	cover	neutral
The bottom line is that I wish this cover was manufactured with a smoother edge and fit slightly better .	edge	neutral
We did in fact invest in a pair of those inexpensive popup speakers which helps boost the sound quite a bit .	speakers	neutral
We did in fact invest in a pair of those inexpensive popup speakers which helps boost the sound quite a bit .	sound	neutral
that way you are n't out a port .	port	neutral
Otherwise , check out the substandard chicklet keyboards offered by Dell and others .	chicklet keyboards	neutral
Oddest yet , I have Dish network with the Sling Player built in .	Sling Player	neutral
These had no discernible effect on performance .	performance	neutral
Charges well .	Charges	neutral
Side to side rotation which breaks the connection is simply unavoidable .	connection	neutral
As with the Acer , this Toshiba has viewing angle issues .	viewing angle	neutral
Then again , it 's leather and should n't be wetted anyway , but the flaps do leave some holes for raindrops to get into .	flaps	neutral
Once again , I painstakingly removed the dividers to make room for a camera bag , pillow and jacket .	dividers	neutral
Honeycomb has a bit of a learning curve and it needs some polish but the tab is still really good .	Honeycomb	neutral
Honeycomb has a bit of a learning curve and it needs some polish but the tab is still really good .	tab	neutral
The Amazon reviews were highly positive ( thank you all ! ) and addressed some of my concerns , such as the flex of the keyboard .	flex	neutral
The Amazon reviews were highly positive ( thank you all ! ) and addressed some of my concerns , such as the flex of the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I would certainly think about getting one as a gift for someone that I thought would use it and would certainly recommend anyone reading this and on - the - fence to get it and remove that guilt for ignoring their stereo & those great speakers it has .	speakers	neutral
so do n't think you can get way with buying the 32 GB as external memory is only for music and movie you install on it and maybe pics or roms but not apps .	32 GB	neutral
so do n't think you can get way with buying the 32 GB as external memory is only for music and movie you install on it and maybe pics or roms but not apps .	external memory	neutral
it 's own USB cord , albeit one that is extremely short .	USB cord	neutral
Speakers / Headphones Volume UP or DOWNFn - Space Bar = PowerGear4 Hybrid Energy Saver Settings , Power SettingsFn - Pause , Break =	Speakers	neutral
Speakers / Headphones Volume UP or DOWNFn - Space Bar = PowerGear4 Hybrid Energy Saver Settings , Power SettingsFn - Pause , Break =	Headphones	neutral
Speakers / Headphones Volume UP or DOWNFn - Space Bar = PowerGear4 Hybrid Energy Saver Settings , Power SettingsFn - Pause , Break =	Space Bar	neutral
Speakers / Headphones Volume UP or DOWNFn - Space Bar = PowerGear4 Hybrid Energy Saver Settings , Power SettingsFn - Pause , Break =	PowerGear4	neutral
Speakers / Headphones Volume UP or DOWNFn - Space Bar = PowerGear4 Hybrid Energy Saver Settings , Power SettingsFn - Pause , Break =	Energy	neutral
Speakers / Headphones Volume UP or DOWNFn - Space Bar = PowerGear4 Hybrid Energy Saver Settings , Power SettingsFn - Pause , Break =	Power	neutral
Great shock protection and wet protection ; stands on its own even when fully loaded .	shock	neutral
This means the Slingbox will be a good choice if you want to watch tv around the house wirelessly .	Slingbox	neutral
One reviewer said people open up the unit and cut the cable going to the speaker , but I 'm not sure I would recommend that since there are no screws holding the unit together .	cable	neutral
One reviewer said people open up the unit and cut the cable going to the speaker , but I 'm not sure I would recommend that since there are no screws holding the unit together .	speaker	neutral
Besides , the Chrome OS is as close to bullet - proof as one can get -- a lesson I learned the hard way when my son decided to randomly tweak settings on his Windows laptop , which I am still not sure I have ever manged to fully return to normal .	Chrome OS	neutral
It was easy to put on , fits like a glove and you can still see the beautiful aluminum case .	aluminum case	neutral
Bought it in spite of the negative things said about Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
Also , sometimes you 'll have to remove it from hardware and let it reinstall itself to get it to charge but no biggie .	hardware	neutral
Also , sometimes you 'll have to remove it from hardware and let it reinstall itself to get it to charge but no biggie .	charge	neutral
I used this on a Laptop with XP and also Vista and now on my Desktop .	XP	neutral
I used this on a Laptop with XP and also Vista and now on my Desktop .	Vista	neutral
The main compartment will hold a D600 with grip and a mounted 70 - 200 lens .	grip	neutral
I FLEW TO DALLAS TEXAS AND THE TSA EMPLOYEE MISLAY PART OF MY PART OF UNIT THE OF UNIVERSAL .	TSA EMPLOYEE	neutral
i have a decent cell phone but the video quality is never so great on cell phones .	video quality	neutral
Perfect for ebooks , on - the - go slideshows , games , etc .	games	neutral
In the past month up to now , my screen goes blank / black for about a second while the power light is still on .	power light	neutral
Cable never relaxed from being tightly wound in original packaging .	Cable	neutral
PerformanceDoes a nice job of converting the signals and outputting this to your ' HDMI only ' input TV .	PerformanceDoes	neutral
PerformanceDoes a nice job of converting the signals and outputting this to your ' HDMI only ' input TV .	HDMI	neutral
but I really do n't notice any difference when surfing the web .	surfing the web	neutral
It 's a great back pack , well made with plenty of room .	back pack	neutral
It 's not bulky , really light and has extra features like the elastic strap to prevent you from accidentally dropping your iPad .	features	neutral
It 's not bulky , really light and has extra features like the elastic strap to prevent you from accidentally dropping your iPad .	elastic strap	neutral
No different from a card plugged into the computer .	card	neutral
Plugged Medialink USB dongle into an open USB Port .	Medialink USB dongle	neutral
Plugged Medialink USB dongle into an open USB Port .	USB Port	neutral
Unfortunately , Dell in a smart business move but bad consumer relations idea , put no DVD encoder in the unit , and directs you to pay for an encoder .	DVD encoder	neutral
Be aware , this is NOT the very latest hardware ( it 's been replaced by the " Mac Book Pro with Retina " ) .	hardware	neutral
On my Droid 4 I had a lot of difficulty getting this product to work when the phone was down to 20 % or lower battery charge .	battery charge	neutral
Shipping and handling were excellent .	Shipping	neutral
Shipping and handling were excellent .	handling	neutral
Here 's the thing - once again , if you buy this laptop to play games then this is the right screen .	games	neutral
Here 's the thing - once again , if you buy this laptop to play games then this is the right screen .	screen	neutral
The auto - off feature is ok though .	auto - off feature	neutral
I would n't expect it to provide much protection from a fall , but not many cases would and it suites my purposes fine ( my purposes was	protection	neutral
Large LCD for a Netbook- Runs cool and quite-	LCD	neutral
Large LCD for a Netbook- Runs cool and quite-	Runs	neutral
The upgrade to 2 GB of ram was money well spent .	2 GB of ram	neutral
My gripe is with the USB connecter .	USB connecter	neutral
Using Battery Health by FIPLAB Ltd , it showed that my original battery had gone through 61 full battery cycles , was 4 . 2 years old and currently can only be charged to a maximum of 3275 mAh , with the original max being 4100 mAh .	Battery Health	neutral
Using Battery Health by FIPLAB Ltd , it showed that my original battery had gone through 61 full battery cycles , was 4 . 2 years old and currently can only be charged to a maximum of 3275 mAh , with the original max being 4100 mAh .	battery	neutral
Using Battery Health by FIPLAB Ltd , it showed that my original battery had gone through 61 full battery cycles , was 4 . 2 years old and currently can only be charged to a maximum of 3275 mAh , with the original max being 4100 mAh .	battery	neutral
I have 1 - 2 conference calls per week with company and they immediately noticed the improved sound quality and video quality .	sound quality	neutral
I have 1 - 2 conference calls per week with company and they immediately noticed the improved sound quality and video quality .	video quality	neutral
When I first unpackaged it and turned it on , the fan was screaming right away .	fan	neutral
With the flash memory , it starts filming very quickly , especially when compared to older , MiniDV - based camcorders , and even quicker than hard drive camcorders since there are fewer moving parts .	flash memory	neutral
With the flash memory , it starts filming very quickly , especially when compared to older , MiniDV - based camcorders , and even quicker than hard drive camcorders since there are fewer moving parts .	hard drive	neutral
The trackpad drives me crazy .	trackpad	neutral
I do a lot of MMO gaming and the location of the F keys is pretty nice .	gaming	neutral
I do a lot of MMO gaming and the location of the F keys is pretty nice .	F keys	neutral
The usb charging works great too .	usb charging	neutral
My only complaint which is extremely minor was the power supply cord did n't seem to fit into the adapter at first .	power supply cord	neutral
It turned out to be a hair short so the contacts didn&#8217;t meet fully once installed in the laptop .	contacts	neutral
it feels sturdier than my current netbook 's case & that has held up fine for a few years .	case	neutral
But really , why would you buy a battery from a company who ca n't accurately describe what you 're buying?***TEXT	battery	neutral
Curiously the keys are hard plastic , which scuffs the screen protector every time I close it against the screen too hard , would prefer the keys to be rubbery and backlit similar to Microsoft Surface keyboards .	keys	neutral
Curiously the keys are hard plastic , which scuffs the screen protector every time I close it against the screen too hard , would prefer the keys to be rubbery and backlit similar to Microsoft Surface keyboards .	screen protector	neutral
Curiously the keys are hard plastic , which scuffs the screen protector every time I close it against the screen too hard , would prefer the keys to be rubbery and backlit similar to Microsoft Surface keyboards .	screen	neutral
Curiously the keys are hard plastic , which scuffs the screen protector every time I close it against the screen too hard , would prefer the keys to be rubbery and backlit similar to Microsoft Surface keyboards .	keys	neutral
But the price was right and it will protect my computer .	price	neutral
so the positioning just did nt work for me , though others may have no problem with it .	positioning	neutral
The cord will fold up in the bottom of the dock .	cord	neutral
The cord will fold up in the bottom of the dock .	dock	neutral
this OEM APC replacement battery .	battery	neutral
Compared to my Boston Acoustics subwoofer system the T20 's are much more lively in the upper reaches and far more coherent in the lower end .	Acoustics	neutral
Compared to my Boston Acoustics subwoofer system the T20 's are much more lively in the upper reaches and far more coherent in the lower end .	subwoofer system	neutral
easy to config and no problems on the delivery .	config	neutral
easy to config and no problems on the delivery .	delivery	neutral
A piece of the air vent grill has broken out and the & # 34;J&#34 ; mouse cover came off .	air vent grill	neutral
it is made and is equipped better than you expect and the installation could n't be simpler .	installation	neutral
My daughter was charging her chromebook on the floor , and someone stepped on it which cracked the screen .	screen	neutral
The computer never crashed , but it made game playing impossible .	game playing	neutral
I had read some of the other buyers " horror " stories on here about how the battery did n't work with their computer , or how it exploded .	battery	neutral
What this means for me is that where my thumb rests is closer to the screen than the button , making it somewhat difficult to hit that button .	screen	neutral
What this means for me is that where my thumb rests is closer to the screen than the button , making it somewhat difficult to hit that button .	button	neutral
It 's a plus that the netting melted instead of also bursting into flames , as that would have made a bad night worse , and it seemed to provide a limited amount of protection for the wires themselves .	netting	neutral
It 's a plus that the netting melted instead of also bursting into flames , as that would have made a bad night worse , and it seemed to provide a limited amount of protection for the wires themselves .	wires	neutral
Go for the speed !	speed	neutral
I like the dedicated internet key on the top section of the laptop bar , and all the dedicated keys on the keyboard	internet key	neutral
I like the dedicated internet key on the top section of the laptop bar , and all the dedicated keys on the keyboard	keyboard	neutral
A journey on Google offered up the suggestion of uninstalling IE8 to solve the keyboard entry lagging and that did seem to help but the jury is still out on that one ... As far as the HDMI connection is concerned : One of the reasons I got this particular laptop was for the HDMI port ( wanted to watch Netflix on my bedroom TV ) so this was perhaps even more upsetting than the keyboard problem and warranted a call to tech support .	IE8	neutral
A journey on Google offered up the suggestion of uninstalling IE8 to solve the keyboard entry lagging and that did seem to help but the jury is still out on that one ... As far as the HDMI connection is concerned : One of the reasons I got this particular laptop was for the HDMI port ( wanted to watch Netflix on my bedroom TV ) so this was perhaps even more upsetting than the keyboard problem and warranted a call to tech support .	keyboard entry	neutral
A journey on Google offered up the suggestion of uninstalling IE8 to solve the keyboard entry lagging and that did seem to help but the jury is still out on that one ... As far as the HDMI connection is concerned : One of the reasons I got this particular laptop was for the HDMI port ( wanted to watch Netflix on my bedroom TV ) so this was perhaps even more upsetting than the keyboard problem and warranted a call to tech support .	HDMI connection	neutral
A journey on Google offered up the suggestion of uninstalling IE8 to solve the keyboard entry lagging and that did seem to help but the jury is still out on that one ... As far as the HDMI connection is concerned : One of the reasons I got this particular laptop was for the HDMI port ( wanted to watch Netflix on my bedroom TV ) so this was perhaps even more upsetting than the keyboard problem and warranted a call to tech support .	HDMI port	neutral
A journey on Google offered up the suggestion of uninstalling IE8 to solve the keyboard entry lagging and that did seem to help but the jury is still out on that one ... As far as the HDMI connection is concerned : One of the reasons I got this particular laptop was for the HDMI port ( wanted to watch Netflix on my bedroom TV ) so this was perhaps even more upsetting than the keyboard problem and warranted a call to tech support .	keyboard	neutral
A journey on Google offered up the suggestion of uninstalling IE8 to solve the keyboard entry lagging and that did seem to help but the jury is still out on that one ... As far as the HDMI connection is concerned : One of the reasons I got this particular laptop was for the HDMI port ( wanted to watch Netflix on my bedroom TV ) so this was perhaps even more upsetting than the keyboard problem and warranted a call to tech support .	tech support	neutral
A Dell rep came out and replaced the motherboard and the charging cord .	Dell rep	neutral
A Dell rep came out and replaced the motherboard and the charging cord .	motherboard	neutral
A Dell rep came out and replaced the motherboard and the charging cord .	charging cord	neutral
i bought this protector for my daughter its great , she loves it	protector	neutral
accessing websites like craigs list seems to take foreverI got this to run specific windows apps	windows apps	neutral
These would be great if you live in an apartment and wanted to play music at a decent volume , without the bass disturbing your neighbors .	bass	neutral
This was a nice cable and easy to use .	cable	neutral
This was a nice cable and easy to use .	use	neutral
Ultrabook Specs - Fully functional Windows 8-Fully removable back panel with just 10 screws and snaps-10 point TOUCH	Specs	neutral
Ultrabook Specs - Fully functional Windows 8-Fully removable back panel with just 10 screws and snaps-10 point TOUCH	Windows 8-Fully	neutral
Ultrabook Specs - Fully functional Windows 8-Fully removable back panel with just 10 screws and snaps-10 point TOUCH	back panel	neutral
Once again , this is not really a deficit in the equipment as this is one of the drawbacks of stereo on such a small unit .	equipment	neutral
It also features automatic graphics switching .	graphics switching	neutral
This past year , I overhauled my home network and put newer technology from Linksys into use .	Linksys	neutral
The battery life can run about 5 hrs in internet , if just stand by can stay almost 8 hrs .	battery life	neutral
Solid State Drive	Solid State Drive	neutral
I was introduced to the Anker brand by co - workers who bought their USB rechargeable battery .	USB rechargeable battery	neutral
I 've ordered the same cable before and have been happy with the quality and extra length .	cable	neutral
After I got this cooling pad , temperatures drop a solid 20F.	cooling pad	neutral
After I got this cooling pad , temperatures drop a solid 20F.	temperatures	neutral
mouse)- Canon 60D+ attached battery pack+ any attached lens-	mouse)-	neutral
mouse)- Canon 60D+ attached battery pack+ any attached lens-	battery pack+	neutral
mouse)- Canon 60D+ attached battery pack+ any attached lens-	lens-	neutral
As expected , after hooking it up , it did not go straight to charging mode .	charging mode	neutral
I even updated my router 's firmware to the most recent build , and still a no - go on my TV .	firmware	neutral
The portable speaker comes with a short coiled audio cable and a USB charging cable .	coiled audio cable	neutral
The portable speaker comes with a short coiled audio cable and a USB charging cable .	USB charging cable	neutral
works great !	works	neutral
Sturdy zippers and straps .	zippers	neutral
Sturdy zippers and straps .	straps	neutral
The batteries never fall out .	batteries	neutral
Good price too .	price	neutral
i. e. , remove the cap ) , otherwise they cease to function .	cap	neutral
I 'd recommend this computer to anyone except gamers ( who will need something a bit faster with better graphics ) but for a college student , high school student , or working stiff this is an excellent choice .	graphics	neutral
The over the shoudler sling set up takes alittle of practise to get everything , and direction of access , set the way you would want it .	sling set up	neutral
Nicely rechargeable , there is no worry about batteries .	batteries	neutral
Apps open effortlessly .	Apps	neutral
It is true that the battery does n't fit properly .	battery	neutral
While the springs on these are tense , one side broke while trying to detach the strap .	strap	neutral
And 3 USB ports are a nice touch .	USB ports	neutral
Got the flashing amber and blue charge warning light when I first tried to charge .	charge warning light	neutral
Got the flashing amber and blue charge warning light when I first tried to charge .	charge	neutral
Simple scrolling with a mouse .	scrolling	neutral
Simple scrolling with a mouse .	mouse	neutral
A recessed release button pops open the battery compartment , which is as well thought out as every other part of this mouse .	battery compartment	neutral
A recessed release button pops open the battery compartment , which is as well thought out as every other part of this mouse .	mouse	neutral
It does n't make corect connection with the terminals is my guess but anyways , good while it lasted .	terminals	neutral
This is a feature you do n't often find .	feature	neutral
I do n't understand why Canadians pay so much more for flash memory cards , this card is twice as much or more in Canadian stores .	flash memory cards	neutral
Liked the product and its at the fraction of the cost to get it done at Apple .	cost	neutral
Battery is so hard to put out too wtf ?	Battery	neutral
It 's rare today to find such great customer service backing up a great product .	customer service	neutral
So ... good keyboard , good touchpad , good display , good battery life .	keyboard	neutral
So ... good keyboard , good touchpad , good display , good battery life .	touchpad	neutral
So ... good keyboard , good touchpad , good display , good battery life .	display	neutral
So ... good keyboard , good touchpad , good display , good battery life .	battery life	neutral
The chiclet keyboard is easy to type .	chiclet keyboard	neutral
Some call it grainy , I would say its like there is an extra layer of not quite transparent glass on top of the display .	glass	neutral
Some call it grainy , I would say its like there is an extra layer of not quite transparent glass on top of the display .	display	neutral
Small size so quite portable .	size	neutral
It fit as expected and he has not complained about the capacity .	capacity	neutral
We did n't add any additional speakers as the sound is just perfect as is .	speakers	neutral
We did n't add any additional speakers as the sound is just perfect as is .	sound	neutral
That could be why other people have complained of broken zippers .	zippers	neutral
The best thing of all was that this enclosure did NOT require the use of two USB ports - what an inconvenience that would be !	enclosure	neutral
The best thing of all was that this enclosure did NOT require the use of two USB ports - what an inconvenience that would be !	USB ports	neutral
OUT PORT ALSO .	OUT PORT	neutral
The USB cord is a tad short ( about 3').(2 )	USB cord	neutral
So I upgraded the memory on my new MBP to 8 GB .	memory	neutral
Do n't buy into the marketing hype .	marketing	neutral
Fit and FinishOverall	FinishOverall	neutral
It 's hard to find a mic that is n't USB anymore , but this fit the bill .	mic	neutral
That 's not the problem with this cord .	cord	neutral
The laptop performs much better since installing twice the memory , a change the modestly priced Komputerbay cards made an obvious choice .	performs	neutral
The laptop performs much better since installing twice the memory , a change the modestly priced Komputerbay cards made an obvious choice .	memory	neutral
The sleek / slim n sexy design ( everyone knows how sleek MacBooks are .. so nothing new ) Super fast booting .	design	neutral
The sleek / slim n sexy design ( everyone knows how sleek MacBooks are .. so nothing new ) Super fast booting .	booting	neutral
Obviously these little speakers wo n't be in the same league as full - size or professional speakers , but when compared with other similar portable speakers , the XBOOM provide more and better sound quality in a beautiful , small package .	sound quality	neutral
Has better charge rate longer lasting .	charge rate	neutral
Wifi turns on instantly when I wake the device .	Wifi	neutral
Nice shape with battery bulge in back makes it easy to hold and carry .	battery bulge	neutral
I carry Canon 60D , 24 - 70 mm , 16 - 35 mm , 85 mm , and Speedlite 430EX II Flash and opted for backpack and boy	Speedlite	neutral
and it boots in seconds , kept the HDD this laptop came with in a USB 3 . 0 case and i keep there all my documents .	boots	neutral
and it boots in seconds , kept the HDD this laptop came with in a USB 3 . 0 case and i keep there all my documents .	HDD	neutral
and it boots in seconds , kept the HDD this laptop came with in a USB 3 . 0 case and i keep there all my documents .	USB 3 . 0 case	neutral
Macs are well known for ease of use and capabilities , but they have managed all that for years , with processors that are not always top - notch .	use	neutral
Macs are well known for ease of use and capabilities , but they have managed all that for years , with processors that are not always top - notch .	capabilities	neutral
Macs are well known for ease of use and capabilities , but they have managed all that for years , with processors that are not always top - notch .	processors	neutral
Bought this converter to make this HDMI capable .	converter	neutral
Bought this converter to make this HDMI capable .	HDMI	neutral
Could n't ask for anything more for the price !	price	neutral
The hardest part is getting the old bezel off , which involves undoing six screws and fighting some residual stickystuff along the screen 's lower edge .	bezel	neutral
The hardest part is getting the old bezel off , which involves undoing six screws and fighting some residual stickystuff along the screen 's lower edge .	screen	neutral
Supports two finger back / forward swipes in Safari .	back /	neutral
They 're comfortable , enough so that I definitely prefer them to ear buds .	ear	neutral
Small and so far , works well .	works	neutral
The ultra slim & still the world slimmest laptop running windows looks just great & different , i had a Studio XPS M1330 that looked really nice & compact & was for around the same price 2 years ago ( around $ 1000 ) but does n't come even near to how nice the Adamo XPS looks .	windows	neutral
The ultra slim & still the world slimmest laptop running windows looks just great & different , i had a Studio XPS M1330 that looked really nice & compact & was for around the same price 2 years ago ( around $ 1000 ) but does n't come even near to how nice the Adamo XPS looks .	price	neutral
Just looking at my old HDMI 1080 monitor gave me headaches .	HDMI 1080 monitor	neutral
DVD Drive - Other laptops tend to have DVD drive as an attachment but	DVD Drive	neutral
DVD Drive - Other laptops tend to have DVD drive as an attachment but	DVD drive	neutral
Also , they " animate " in the opposite direction as the Apple battery -- lighting up away from the button and animating towards it rather than lighting up by the button first and animating away as the actual Apple battery does .	battery	neutral
Also , they " animate " in the opposite direction as the Apple battery -- lighting up away from the button and animating towards it rather than lighting up by the button first and animating away as the actual Apple battery does .	button	neutral
Also , they " animate " in the opposite direction as the Apple battery -- lighting up away from the button and animating towards it rather than lighting up by the button first and animating away as the actual Apple battery does .	battery	neutral
For the Chromebook , you buy the apps from the Google Chrome site and not Google Play so for example , i wanted the Infinity X1 remote app for the Chromebook	apps	neutral
For the Chromebook , you buy the apps from the Google Chrome site and not Google Play so for example , i wanted the Infinity X1 remote app for the Chromebook	Google Chrome	neutral
For the Chromebook , you buy the apps from the Google Chrome site and not Google Play so for example , i wanted the Infinity X1 remote app for the Chromebook	Infinity X1 remote app	neutral
For the price , it 's worth it .	price	neutral
I bought this hard drive as a gift to someone who had to carry a lot of videos and pictures after a vacation .	hard drive	neutral
We switched from IE to Google chrome as the browser and that helped a lot .	Google chrome	neutral
I used it with the USB wireless stick and also connected it to a variety of devices ( mp3 players , Roku , LCD monitor audio out , etc ) using the line - in input .	USB wireless stick	neutral
I used it with the USB wireless stick and also connected it to a variety of devices ( mp3 players , Roku , LCD monitor audio out , etc ) using the line - in input .	LCD monitor audio out	neutral
I used it with the USB wireless stick and also connected it to a variety of devices ( mp3 players , Roku , LCD monitor audio out , etc ) using the line - in input .	line - in input	neutral
works good on my win 8 laptop only thing i do n't like is that you have to search Bluetooth from the start screen to find it also the plastic starts to come off but super glue fixed that	Bluetooth	neutral
The class 6 rating must not be for sustained use as my Sandisk Ultra class 4 8 GB outperforms this card .	8 GB	neutral
I looked at keyboards at retails and on line for a while .	keyboards	neutral
That can mean burning out your CPU or GPU .	CPU	neutral
That can mean burning out your CPU or GPU .	GPU	neutral
I let it run till the battery level went to zero , about 5 hrs .	battery level	neutral
Although I usually choose a 9- or 12-cell for a longer battery life , in this case I chose the 6-cell to keep the weight down .	9-	neutral
Although I usually choose a 9- or 12-cell for a longer battery life , in this case I chose the 6-cell to keep the weight down .	battery life	neutral
Although I usually choose a 9- or 12-cell for a longer battery life , in this case I chose the 6-cell to keep the weight down .	6-cell	neutral
Battery life has been very impressive .	Battery life	neutral
I added back in one of the factory sticks I had removed , and the laptop recognized it .	sticks	neutral
Except for the memory card reader , all connections are on the sides .	memory card reader	neutral
There are three slots inside one of the compartments for memory cards .	memory cards	neutral
Excellent sound , and I was so surprised at the quality of the sound , very high fidelity and no noise at all even cranked the volume up all the way .	sound	neutral
Excellent sound , and I was so surprised at the quality of the sound , very high fidelity and no noise at all even cranked the volume up all the way .	sound	neutral
Macros and scripting are a nice feature as well , although most users will only ever use the former .	Macros	neutral
Macros and scripting are a nice feature as well , although most users will only ever use the former .	scripting	neutral
The midrange meets or exceeds realistic expectations for this price range , particularly at lower volumes .	midrange	neutral
The midrange meets or exceeds realistic expectations for this price range , particularly at lower volumes .	price range	neutral
set up with a sub and all aftermarket speakers and stereo .	aftermarket	neutral
set up with a sub and all aftermarket speakers and stereo .	speakers	neutral
set up with a sub and all aftermarket speakers and stereo .	stereo	neutral
Finally got it to work using the driver from the supplied CD .	driver	neutral
As for the touchpad , I wish the clicking sound and feel was a bit quieter and " refined " , but I found that you can left - click just by tapping on the touchpad instead of pressing down .	touchpad	neutral
As for the touchpad , I wish the clicking sound and feel was a bit quieter and " refined " , but I found that you can left - click just by tapping on the touchpad instead of pressing down .	clicking sound	neutral
As for the touchpad , I wish the clicking sound and feel was a bit quieter and " refined " , but I found that you can left - click just by tapping on the touchpad instead of pressing down .	touchpad	neutral
The design flaws i mentioned above have been reviewed by Wacom forum reps on their Wacom Europe forums .	design	neutral
The design flaws i mentioned above have been reviewed by Wacom forum reps on their Wacom Europe forums .	Wacom forum reps	neutral
The design flaws i mentioned above have been reviewed by Wacom forum reps on their Wacom Europe forums .	Wacom Europe	neutral
great packaging and quality as well as great customer care / support .	packaging	neutral
great packaging and quality as well as great customer care / support .	customer care	neutral
This hub is obviously much faster than my old USB 1 hub .	hub	neutral
This hub is obviously much faster than my old USB 1 hub .	USB 1 hub	neutral
It is very fast , has some nice encryption software with it , and is really small and skinny ( good for	encryption software	neutral
The installation was on the slow side , taking 4 - 5 minutes , but soon enough I had the app running and I opened the bluetooth app from my icon tray .	app	neutral
The installation was on the slow side , taking 4 - 5 minutes , but soon enough I had the app running and I opened the bluetooth app from my icon tray .	bluetooth app	neutral
I like the way you can zip in the lenses so they do n't fall out by mistake .	lenses	neutral
Shipping was a little slow , but as well as it works for my family member , I should 've bought one for myself .	Shipping	neutral
The keyboard is probably one of the best features of this laptop .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is probably one of the best features of this laptop .	features	neutral
The product is like a pen drive , but comes with an extension cable and stand , and installation CD .	pen drive	neutral
The product is like a pen drive , but comes with an extension cable and stand , and installation CD .	extension cable	neutral
The product is like a pen drive , but comes with an extension cable and stand , and installation CD .	stand	neutral
The only area where the 1201PN is superior , is in the battery life department , with its Ion2 capabilities .	battery life	neutral
The only area where the 1201PN is superior , is in the battery life department , with its Ion2 capabilities .	Ion2 capabilities	neutral
But no , it was the cooling fan .	cooling fan	neutral
Need to carry adapter for all presentations .	adapter	neutral
I got this product with a lot of doubt about its functionality , but after connecting it to an Android tablet and saw that it worked , I began using it .	functionality	neutral
Works great !	Works	neutral
It charges via usb cable .	charges	neutral
It charges via usb cable .	usb cable	neutral
It 's a solid computer if you 're not doing things like gaming or editing .	gaming	neutral
It 's a solid computer if you 're not doing things like gaming or editing .	editing	neutral
I bought this bluetooth adapter specifically to connect a laptop to the lego mindstorms	bluetooth adapter	neutral
Its easily cleanable & has plenty of straps to fasten it in your vehicle any which way you please !	straps	neutral
However , the product has a great fit with a high grade of leather .	leather	neutral
So I purchased a lightweight , insulated lap pad	lap pad	neutral
Works really good with the Creative wireless speakers and also with & # 34;jam2 duel sterio speakers .... range is 30 feet or less and signal blocks out if you walk between transmitter and speaker ... otherwise really nice .	Creative wireless speakers	neutral
Works really good with the Creative wireless speakers and also with & # 34;jam2 duel sterio speakers .... range is 30 feet or less and signal blocks out if you walk between transmitter and speaker ... otherwise really nice .	range	neutral
Also looked at the SB model and Sony has removed the option to upgrade the video card on it .	video card	neutral
I 've always liked Samsung TV 's for their screens and the screen on this laptop does n't disappoint .	screens	neutral
I 've always liked Samsung TV 's for their screens and the screen on this laptop does n't disappoint .	screen	neutral
It has 2 usb ports one of which is high powered for even bigger devices	usb ports	neutral
3 " laptop snugly but still allowed enough stretch for me to tuck the charger and a mouse ( again , no pun ) inside .	charger	neutral
3 " laptop snugly but still allowed enough stretch for me to tuck the charger and a mouse ( again , no pun ) inside .	mouse	neutral
I know I had seen a couple of reviews that said the converter had stopped working .	converter	neutral
The fan started clicking a while ago as if it had a broken bearing .	fan	neutral
As for the other compartments , you have another large section that is intended for book use .	compartments	neutral
but when you type the edges near the bottom feels like it is cutting your wrists a little .	edges	neutral
but when you type the edges near the bottom feels like it is cutting your wrists a little .	bottom	neutral
Open the drive ( double click on drive ) 5 .	drive	neutral
Open the drive ( double click on drive ) 5 .	drive	neutral
Press down the button for pause / play , answer / hang up phone calls.-AX310 speaker also include a microphone that you can answer phone call while listening to music without touching your phone.-It also has an 3 . 5 mm aux input that you can connect this speaker with other device that does n't have bluetooth.-This speaker has different tones when you turn on / off , connect / disconnect , low battery that makes it different from the * beep * sound like other bluetooth	microphone	neutral
Press down the button for pause / play , answer / hang up phone calls.-AX310 speaker also include a microphone that you can answer phone call while listening to music without touching your phone.-It also has an 3 . 5 mm aux input that you can connect this speaker with other device that does n't have bluetooth.-This speaker has different tones when you turn on / off , connect / disconnect , low battery that makes it different from the * beep * sound like other bluetooth	aux input	neutral
Press down the button for pause / play , answer / hang up phone calls.-AX310 speaker also include a microphone that you can answer phone call while listening to music without touching your phone.-It also has an 3 . 5 mm aux input that you can connect this speaker with other device that does n't have bluetooth.-This speaker has different tones when you turn on / off , connect / disconnect , low battery that makes it different from the * beep * sound like other bluetooth	bluetooth.-This	neutral
Press down the button for pause / play , answer / hang up phone calls.-AX310 speaker also include a microphone that you can answer phone call while listening to music without touching your phone.-It also has an 3 . 5 mm aux input that you can connect this speaker with other device that does n't have bluetooth.-This speaker has different tones when you turn on / off , connect / disconnect , low battery that makes it different from the * beep * sound like other bluetooth	battery	neutral
This size is good enough for cataloging my pictures in Photoshop Bridge if I set up my workspace properly and put the Applications dock on the side .	size	neutral
This size is good enough for cataloging my pictures in Photoshop Bridge if I set up my workspace properly and put the Applications dock on the side .	workspace	neutral
This size is good enough for cataloging my pictures in Photoshop Bridge if I set up my workspace properly and put the Applications dock on the side .	Applications dock	neutral
iLife 11 is included and already installed on this device , so you will be able to take advantage of the latest iLife software right out of the box .	iLife 11	neutral
iLife 11 is included and already installed on this device , so you will be able to take advantage of the latest iLife software right out of the box .	iLife software	neutral
This setup works great !	setup	neutral
, Dell 's customer service has soured me on the company totally .	Dell 's	neutral
, Dell 's customer service has soured me on the company totally .	customer service	neutral
As for the laptop , it now runs very well .	runs	neutral
This unit comes with a replacement black faceplate , but it did not fit my drive .	drive	neutral
I ended up having to replace the fans just before the laptop ate it .	fans	neutral
Great price for the quality of cloth !	price	neutral
Great price for the quality of cloth !	cloth	neutral
I wanted the computer to use despite unplugging the built in card .	built in card	neutral
Had to search for the correct drivers , even then I sometimes have file transfer issues from my phone to PC .	drivers	neutral
Had to search for the correct drivers , even then I sometimes have file transfer issues from my phone to PC .	file transfer	neutral
No problem , IF you have two usb ports , sid by side , available on your computer .	usb ports	neutral
Connecting the jack into my iPhone and playing music being streamed through Tune	jack	neutral
I particularly like the slick keyboard , the slicker screen , the super fast processor ( you really do n't need anything that fast in a portable device , but it 's a nice to have ) and how quiet it is ( must be the SSD ) .	keyboard	neutral
I particularly like the slick keyboard , the slicker screen , the super fast processor ( you really do n't need anything that fast in a portable device , but it 's a nice to have ) and how quiet it is ( must be the SSD ) .	screen	neutral
I particularly like the slick keyboard , the slicker screen , the super fast processor ( you really do n't need anything that fast in a portable device , but it 's a nice to have ) and how quiet it is ( must be the SSD ) .	processor	neutral
I particularly like the slick keyboard , the slicker screen , the super fast processor ( you really do n't need anything that fast in a portable device , but it 's a nice to have ) and how quiet it is ( must be the SSD ) .	SSD	neutral
It only works on Windows , as well , and since I 'm on a Mac	Windows	neutral
It also has a USB charging port , although I 've yet to test that .	USB charging port	neutral
I 'm concerned long term use will lead to the handle failing and my laptop on the ground broken .	handle	neutral
and have had no problems using the 2nd monitor .	monitor	neutral
Positives:&#1411 ; Great build quality , with strong stitching and seams.&#1411 ; Slim tube shape and not expensive.&#4335 ; Negatives:&#4335 ; Only the bottom is padded ; the length of the tube is not padded .	build quality	neutral
Positives:&#1411 ; Great build quality , with strong stitching and seams.&#1411 ; Slim tube shape and not expensive.&#4335 ; Negatives:&#4335 ; Only the bottom is padded ; the length of the tube is not padded .	stitching	neutral
Positives:&#1411 ; Great build quality , with strong stitching and seams.&#1411 ; Slim tube shape and not expensive.&#4335 ; Negatives:&#4335 ; Only the bottom is padded ; the length of the tube is not padded .	seams.&#1411	neutral
Positives:&#1411 ; Great build quality , with strong stitching and seams.&#1411 ; Slim tube shape and not expensive.&#4335 ; Negatives:&#4335 ; Only the bottom is padded ; the length of the tube is not padded .	tube shape	neutral
Positives:&#1411 ; Great build quality , with strong stitching and seams.&#1411 ; Slim tube shape and not expensive.&#4335 ; Negatives:&#4335 ; Only the bottom is padded ; the length of the tube is not padded .	bottom	neutral
Positives:&#1411 ; Great build quality , with strong stitching and seams.&#1411 ; Slim tube shape and not expensive.&#4335 ; Negatives:&#4335 ; Only the bottom is padded ; the length of the tube is not padded .	length of the	neutral
Positives:&#1411 ; Great build quality , with strong stitching and seams.&#1411 ; Slim tube shape and not expensive.&#4335 ; Negatives:&#4335 ; Only the bottom is padded ; the length of the tube is not padded .	tube	neutral
The keyboard often gets stuck with a control or shift key being pressed .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard often gets stuck with a control or shift key being pressed .	control	neutral
The plug can turn so that you can have it turned sideways or upright .	plug	neutral
One manufacturer suggestion - magnetic clasp needs to be longer .	magnetic clasp	neutral
very nice and made of good quality .	quality	neutral
iPearl is the only company I found offering a customized shell for this model , and the price is inexpensive .	shell	neutral
iPearl is the only company I found offering a customized shell for this model , and the price is inexpensive .	price	neutral
Marginal latency downgrade ( Average of 15ms on ethernet connection to 19ms on WiFi connection ) .	ethernet connection	neutral
Marginal latency downgrade ( Average of 15ms on ethernet connection to 19ms on WiFi connection ) .	WiFi connection	neutral
Connect Logitech wireless receiver to the other USB slot on my Helix .	USB slot	neutral
This ca n't securely connect to anything other than the optional dock .	optional dock	neutral
Media reports indicate Apple will have this port to itself this year , although Intel is insisting that other motherboard manufacturers could start to include it , and I hope they do .	port	neutral
Media reports indicate Apple will have this port to itself this year , although Intel is insisting that other motherboard manufacturers could start to include it , and I hope they do .	motherboard	neutral
price!(Oh , the free stylus is a little bit junky , but I was only interested in the case )	price!(Oh	neutral
price!(Oh , the free stylus is a little bit junky , but I was only interested in the case )	stylus	neutral
Works well for that purpose !	Works	neutral
A simple warning on the cd itself or a sticker on the sleeve warning against this would suffice .	sleeve	neutral
This case arrived quickly and fits great !	case	neutral
Both the camera and microphone work out of the box on Ubuntu Linux with little additional configuration .	camera	neutral
Both the camera and microphone work out of the box on Ubuntu Linux with little additional configuration .	microphone	neutral
Both the camera and microphone work out of the box on Ubuntu Linux with little additional configuration .	Ubuntu Linux	neutral
Both the camera and microphone work out of the box on Ubuntu Linux with little additional configuration .	configuration	neutral
This is an interesting backpack , which is an interesting visual departure from the usual nylon canvas style of pack .	nylon canvas	neutral
I paid $ 8 . 00 for this and it works , works well .	works	neutral
Likewise , if you 've got your tablet plugged into the Mobile Dock and are charging , the tablet will be charged first and then the Mobile Dock .	Mobile Dock	neutral
This is a shame because I use my speakers quite a bit and have to have them turned up all the way all the time , and that 's often not loud enough for me .	speakers	neutral
The one that uses 2 pins to connect to the tips .	tips	neutral
This is the slowest SD card I 've ever owned , and by a fair margin too .	SD card	neutral
Just because a webcam is advertised as HD , does n't make it so .	webcam	neutral
I ordered this item because my laptop crashed and I needed a way to extract some information off the hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
I 've dropped my nb from my truck and the case saved it 's life .	case	neutral
But , one thing a lot of other laptops lack in this price range , but this one has , is a dedicated graphics card .	price range	neutral
But , one thing a lot of other laptops lack in this price range , but this one has , is a dedicated graphics card .	graphics card	neutral
The price was very compatible as well !	price	neutral
If you need a solution to get Bluetooth audio to a car receiver or other device for an reasonable price this will work for you .	Bluetooth audio to	neutral
If you need a solution to get Bluetooth audio to a car receiver or other device for an reasonable price this will work for you .	price	neutral
There is one more small zippered space on the outside space .	zippered	neutral
a mouse that provides some personality with functionality . is fun to use and does what it 's supposed to do .	mouse	neutral
a mouse that provides some personality with functionality . is fun to use and does what it 's supposed to do .	functionality	neutral
a mouse that provides some personality with functionality . is fun to use and does what it 's supposed to do .	use	neutral
My only problem with the system is that it looks so good that I tend to just sit and watch TV because it looks so good .	system	neutral
I use Dolphin HD as my browser , and the stock keyboard .	Dolphin HD	neutral
I use Dolphin HD as my browser , and the stock keyboard .	stock keyboard	neutral
Sometimes the battery door sticks , but mostly does well .	battery door	neutral
Another benefit : It is slightly larger than the original battery , so you have to expect that .	battery	neutral
Only negative is that there were no install instructions .	install instructions	neutral
Upgraded the single 4 g card in my Levono with two of these .	4 g card	neutral
Like most Bluetooth speakers , press and hold the power button to turn on .	power button	neutral
This Belkin splitter preserves stereo separation with no loss of volume at a dirt cheap price , do n't hesitate just buy it !	Belkin splitter	neutral
This Belkin splitter preserves stereo separation with no loss of volume at a dirt cheap price , do n't hesitate just buy it !	stereo separation	neutral
This Belkin splitter preserves stereo separation with no loss of volume at a dirt cheap price , do n't hesitate just buy it !	volume	neutral
This Belkin splitter preserves stereo separation with no loss of volume at a dirt cheap price , do n't hesitate just buy it !	price	neutral
You can change all the colors and have different options to have them get brighter and brighter until it turns off and restarts , have a wave motion where it gets bright from one end and moves toward the either , and dual color where it mixes two colors and constantly changes ( my favorite ) .	color	neutral
I guess I 'll stick to that old UHF antenna for the coniverter box and the extra - large but efficinet antenna that came with the digital TV .	UHF antenna	neutral
I guess I 'll stick to that old UHF antenna for the coniverter box and the extra - large but efficinet antenna that came with the digital TV .	antenna	neutral
It 's noisier than my laptop 's fans when they 're running at full speed .	fans	neutral
It 's noisier than my laptop 's fans when they 're running at full speed .	speed	neutral
Dell and other laptop manufacturer 's have had to recall adapters that caused fires .	adapters	neutral
You can not hook headphones and a microphone in at the same time , because there is just one port !	headphones	neutral
You can not hook headphones and a microphone in at the same time , because there is just one port !	microphone	neutral
You can not hook headphones and a microphone in at the same time , because there is just one port !	port	neutral
This might be better protected when you 're wearing the shoulder strap and gravity is pulling the fabric tight enough to close that hole , but your gear remains exposed to the elements .	shoulder strap	neutral
This might be better protected when you 're wearing the shoulder strap and gravity is pulling the fabric tight enough to close that hole , but your gear remains exposed to the elements .	fabric	neutral
Let me first start by saying how well Amazon customer service is .	Amazon customer service	neutral
It has a more had drive space than others - that ITB is so good for movies and home videos .	had drive space	neutral
Beautiful shimmery champagne / graphite color , not the boring stainless steel ) 7 .	color	neutral
The processing power is adequate , the graphics is good enough to handle Portal , HL2 , and TF2 without much problem , and the heat is n't uncomfortable .	processing power	neutral
The processing power is adequate , the graphics is good enough to handle Portal , HL2 , and TF2 without much problem , and the heat is n't uncomfortable .	graphics	neutral
The processing power is adequate , the graphics is good enough to handle Portal , HL2 , and TF2 without much problem , and the heat is n't uncomfortable .	heat	neutral
then it took a bit of trial and error to figure out the best way to set the other keys .	keys	neutral
Installation was straight forward with a heat gun and a lot of patience as my old screen was shattered .	screen	neutral
It installed a few apps quickly and all worked well .	apps	neutral
My first power bank stopped working after 3 months of daily use .	power bank	neutral
Two USB 3 . 0 slots , an HDMI out & Bluetooth connectivity .	USB 3 . 0 slots	neutral
Two USB 3 . 0 slots , an HDMI out & Bluetooth connectivity .	HDMI out	neutral
Two USB 3 . 0 slots , an HDMI out & Bluetooth connectivity .	Bluetooth connectivity	neutral
No , I would get several on ebay for less than .99 each and wait for shipping from Thailand , china , or elsewhere .	shipping	neutral
In addition , SanDisk gives you a five year ( limited ) warranty ; that 's a plus .	SanDisk	neutral
The trays slide all the way out and are hard to get back in and it 's pretty expensive for an item that lacks any real finesse ( Thick , ugly and heavy plastic).On the bright side	trays	neutral
The trays slide all the way out and are hard to get back in and it 's pretty expensive for an item that lacks any real finesse ( Thick , ugly and heavy plastic).On the bright side	finesse	neutral
A really nice case for the money and has room for extra stuff in the zip on the side .	case	neutral
It takes a little while to get used to Windows 8 , but it 's actually pretty great .	Windows 8	neutral
So I opened it up and removed the wireless B network board , and use this instead .	wireless B network board	neutral
I mainly bought this for the music , and for that it 's working really well .	music	neutral
It 's a terrible design .	design	neutral
Great price too .	price	neutral
The bluetooth wireless keyboard , quickly , connects to the the i - pad .	the	neutral
The bluetooth wireless keyboard , quickly , connects to the the i - pad .	i - pad	neutral
My only complaint is that the subwoofer is so powerful , that when she is listening to it loud , you can feel the bass throughout the house .	subwoofer	neutral
My only complaint is that the subwoofer is so powerful , that when she is listening to it loud , you can feel the bass throughout the house .	bass	neutral
Overall , this dock is a must have if you have the TF700 T Infinity .	dock	neutral
Keyboard- keyboard feels good .	Keyboard-	neutral
Keyboard- keyboard feels good .	keyboard	neutral
I must say the battery seems quite a bit better than the Garmin original and replacement .	battery	neutral
Real World Scenario 1 : the power connector from your charger to your laptop sticks straight out from the back or side of your machine .	power connector	neutral
Real World Scenario 1 : the power connector from your charger to your laptop sticks straight out from the back or side of your machine .	charger to	neutral
Cable - Corrosion Resistant Plating & Heavy Gauge Wires for Years of Reliable Use . .	Cable	neutral
Cable - Corrosion Resistant Plating & Heavy Gauge Wires for Years of Reliable Use . .	Wires	neutral
I had been using an earlier $ 25 version of Targus for 2 years and I decided to upgrade into this one expecting that since it was double the price it would surely be an improved technology .	price	neutral
It has a 24 GB flash boot drive and a 500 GB	24 GB flash boot drive	neutral
It has a 24 GB flash boot drive and a 500 GB	500 GB	neutral
This enables your device to be a GPS system for your car , with turn by turn directions available , thanks to the Google Navigator that ships for free with the device .	GPS system	neutral
This enables your device to be a GPS system for your car , with turn by turn directions available , thanks to the Google Navigator that ships for free with the device .	Google Navigator	neutral
Oh , shop around for price .	price	neutral
Good sound for close in listening or boosting the sound on my mac when I 'm watching movies .	sound	neutral
Good sound for close in listening or boosting the sound on my mac when I 'm watching movies .	sound	neutral
This VGA Cable works as well as the more expensive one I have , no problems with it , I used this cable to connect my computer to my Vizio TV , would recommend this cable to all who need a cable for their monitors .	VGA Cable	neutral
I purchased this because my old Portege tablet decided it was time to pass on it 's knowledge via a external hard drive and then go the way of the tox drop recycler .	external hard drive	neutral
I purchased this because my old Portege tablet decided it was time to pass on it 's knowledge via a external hard drive and then go the way of the tox drop recycler .	tox drop recycler	neutral
Overall , the noise canceling is good , and the quality of the sound it produces is very good as well .	noise canceling	neutral
Overall , the noise canceling is good , and the quality of the sound it produces is very good as well .	sound	neutral
Loved that it still had the DVD drive even at 3 .	DVD drive	neutral
So i would say , if you RMA yours , have a quiet fan setup so it does nt overheat and minimizes the usage of the loud built in fan , this product is exceptionally good . if it were nt for the fan , I would give it a 5 out 5 .	fan setup	neutral
So i would say , if you RMA yours , have a quiet fan setup so it does nt overheat and minimizes the usage of the loud built in fan , this product is exceptionally good . if it were nt for the fan , I would give it a 5 out 5 .	built in fan	neutral
So i would say , if you RMA yours , have a quiet fan setup so it does nt overheat and minimizes the usage of the loud built in fan , this product is exceptionally good . if it were nt for the fan , I would give it a 5 out 5 .	fan	neutral
All ports are accessible .	ports	neutral
Twice as fast as the original Mac memory and super easy to install .	Mac memory	neutral
Twice as fast as the original Mac memory and super easy to install .	install	neutral
It is particularly noticeable at the login screen --- which should be a solid blue , but you can see outlines of the previous images before you locked the computer ... but this is just speculation , I did not open either up to determine if they actually changed panels mid production .	login screen	neutral
When I plug it in , I get " The AC power adapter type can not be determined .	AC power adapter type	neutral
In Windows 8 use the Search box and type in ' recovery drive ' .	Windows 8	neutral
In Windows 8 use the Search box and type in ' recovery drive ' .	recovery drive	neutral
The screen on my PC gets somewhat cruddy because I have my morning coffee and most of my meals in front of the PC .	screen	neutral
Fits nice , works great .	works	neutral
I used the CoolMaster Hyper 212 Evo and it fit fine	CoolMaster Hyper 212 Evo	neutral
The senor on the keyboard automatically turns off the backlit function of the keyboard to conserve power .	keyboard	neutral
The senor on the keyboard automatically turns off the backlit function of the keyboard to conserve power .	backlit function	neutral
The senor on the keyboard automatically turns off the backlit function of the keyboard to conserve power .	keyboard	neutral
; while it should run , I need to have this game at max settings and this laptop simply would n't handle it , graphics wise ( plus , playing this on anything less than 70 " LED HD tv would seem like a huge downgrade to me ! ) .	graphics	neutral
Two months later , she closed the coverand a small object got caught in between the glass and the keyboard .	coverand	neutral
Two months later , she closed the coverand a small object got caught in between the glass and the keyboard .	glass	neutral
Two months later , she closed the coverand a small object got caught in between the glass and the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I 'm used to having my thumb comfortably resting near my space bar for jumping , but with the G13 my thumb is in the un - used empty space between the joystick and a couple G buttons - none of which are inherently apparent to be " space".3 )	space bar	neutral
I 'm used to having my thumb comfortably resting near my space bar for jumping , but with the G13 my thumb is in the un - used empty space between the joystick and a couple G buttons - none of which are inherently apparent to be " space".3 )	joystick	neutral
I 'm used to having my thumb comfortably resting near my space bar for jumping , but with the G13 my thumb is in the un - used empty space between the joystick and a couple G buttons - none of which are inherently apparent to be " space".3 )	G buttons	neutral
it connects so quickly , I do n't know why you 'd ever use the cable .	connects	neutral
it connects so quickly , I do n't know why you 'd ever use the cable .	cable	neutral
If you intend to use this splitter for actual PWM use , you 'll need to clip one yellow wire at one of the male plugs - this wire carries fan speed data to the motherboard and it 'll get confused with data from two fans on the same pin .	splitter	neutral
If you intend to use this splitter for actual PWM use , you 'll need to clip one yellow wire at one of the male plugs - this wire carries fan speed data to the motherboard and it 'll get confused with data from two fans on the same pin .	PWM use	neutral
If you intend to use this splitter for actual PWM use , you 'll need to clip one yellow wire at one of the male plugs - this wire carries fan speed data to the motherboard and it 'll get confused with data from two fans on the same pin .	male plugs	neutral
If you intend to use this splitter for actual PWM use , you 'll need to clip one yellow wire at one of the male plugs - this wire carries fan speed data to the motherboard and it 'll get confused with data from two fans on the same pin .	fan speed	neutral
If you intend to use this splitter for actual PWM use , you 'll need to clip one yellow wire at one of the male plugs - this wire carries fan speed data to the motherboard and it 'll get confused with data from two fans on the same pin .	motherboard	neutral
mouse tracking problems .	mouse tracking	neutral
Really not much more to say ; it 's a power adapter	power adapter	neutral
You can feel it 's quality when you 're using it .	quality	neutral
I do n't think new computers should be jammed full of software you do n't want .	software	neutral
So there is no consistency here , even with moving the computer around to find the optimal position of connectivity .	connectivity	neutral
This basically means that this RAM ends up being faster than the stock RAM at the same frequency .	RAM	neutral
This basically means that this RAM ends up being faster than the stock RAM at the same frequency .	stock RAM	neutral
Nice case , but a very snug fit with my Asus 17 inch laptop .	case	neutral
And it 's Bose , you 're not going to find a better build quality .	build quality	neutral
There are plenty of compartments to hold your items , business cards , pens , memory sticks , airline tickets , mice , etc .	compartments	neutral
There are plenty of compartments to hold your items , business cards , pens , memory sticks , airline tickets , mice , etc .	memory sticks	neutral
This webcam was purchased as a replacement for my laptop to be used for video conferencing .	webcam	neutral
I 'll update this review if I have a problem , but so far I 'm happy , especially since the price was right .	price	neutral
Great pricing for gold tipped cable .	pricing	neutral
Due to Chase security settings and the text alerts	Chase security settings	neutral
Left and right mouse buttons on the mouse pad are hard to click .	mouse pad	neutral
If you have this type of shipping make sure you turn the TV and test prior to the shipper departing in case the TV has a defect .	shipping	neutral
Sure , it 's not quite as nicely designed or as solidly built , but for graphics and photo editing	designed	neutral
Sure , it 's not quite as nicely designed or as solidly built , but for graphics and photo editing	built	neutral
Sure , it 's not quite as nicely designed or as solidly built , but for graphics and photo editing	graphics	neutral
Sure , it 's not quite as nicely designed or as solidly built , but for graphics and photo editing	photo editing	neutral
It bumped ASUS card from hogging my Sound options and rendering them unstable .	Sound options	neutral
Fix this by going in Device Manager - > Universal Serial Bus controllers , going to each USB Hub item and unticking	Serial Bus controllers	neutral
Fix this by going in Device Manager - > Universal Serial Bus controllers , going to each USB Hub item and unticking	USB Hub	neutral
I have had this case for six months and love it - very protective and sturdy .	case	neutral
The larger Air has more room for a battery and thus has a longer battery life .	battery	neutral
The larger Air has more room for a battery and thus has a longer battery life .	battery life	neutral
I have not been in a situation where I 've had to worry about draining the battery yet .	battery	neutral
It does not have handles like my first one but is nice looking and fills my expectations .	handles	neutral
There 's nothing special about the tripod holder , but it is nice that you can conceal it when not in use .	tripod holder	neutral
The case is a little awkward .	case	neutral
My only minor gripe has been expressed by others , the side mesh pocket is pretty useless for carrying a water bottle .	side mesh pocket	neutral
I wanted one with a small height dimension so it could fit in the case	height dimension	neutral
I was way off base with my expectations of low quality as this sounds better than most of the more expensive radios in my house !	quality	neutral
fits tightly unlike another another battery I previously bought .	battery	neutral
The new multi - touch trackpad is a vast improvement over trackpads of the past , though it takes some getting used to using the pad as both mouse navigator and mouse button .	multi - touch trackpad	neutral
The new multi - touch trackpad is a vast improvement over trackpads of the past , though it takes some getting used to using the pad as both mouse navigator and mouse button .	trackpads	neutral
The new multi - touch trackpad is a vast improvement over trackpads of the past , though it takes some getting used to using the pad as both mouse navigator and mouse button .	pad	neutral
The new multi - touch trackpad is a vast improvement over trackpads of the past , though it takes some getting used to using the pad as both mouse navigator and mouse button .	mouse navigator	neutral
The new multi - touch trackpad is a vast improvement over trackpads of the past , though it takes some getting used to using the pad as both mouse navigator and mouse button .	mouse button	neutral
So if you live in a dusty area , or have electronics with screens that you use infrequently , this'll probably come in handy .	screens	neutral
Charging time is 6 - 7hr when using a regular ( 500 mAmp ) USB port on my computer .	Charging time	neutral
Charging time is 6 - 7hr when using a regular ( 500 mAmp ) USB port on my computer .	USB port	neutral
So they neglected to enable this feature .	feature	neutral
They lose one star because there is only one mesh cover in the box .	mesh cover	neutral
Seriously Samsung get a matrix of your different models with some decent specs !	specs	neutral
But all I care about really hardware - wise is how rough or smooth the performance is and how it is under light and intense activities .	hardware	neutral
But all I care about really hardware - wise is how rough or smooth the performance is and how it is under light and intense activities .	performance	neutral
Ugly design , confusing , settings all over the place , split personality , etc .	design	neutral
Ugly design , confusing , settings all over the place , split personality , etc .	settings	neutral
Use : just plug it in to one of your USB 3 . 0 ports	USB 3 . 0 ports	neutral
Di any one have the same problem with this battery ?	battery	neutral
At this point , I am just going to go ahead and buy the Logitech USB Headset or buy a standalone mic .	Logitech USB Headset	neutral
Unlike a high - capacity replacement battery I bought at the same time for a Toshiba laptop THIS battery is still alive and well -	battery	neutral
Unlike a high - capacity replacement battery I bought at the same time for a Toshiba laptop THIS battery is still alive and well -	battery	neutral
Having to use the Fn key to access Home , End , Page Up and Page down , however , is inconvenient and slows you down .	Fn key	neutral
In order to configure this device properly , it&#8217;s best if you also have some knowledge on networking .	networking	neutral
The Clear QAM is seen by Windows 7 Media Center and allows all the local HD & digital signals to be seen ( comcast cable ) without a tuner box or security card .	Clear QAM	neutral
The Clear QAM is seen by Windows 7 Media Center and allows all the local HD & digital signals to be seen ( comcast cable ) without a tuner box or security card .	Windows 7 Media Center	neutral
The Clear QAM is seen by Windows 7 Media Center and allows all the local HD & digital signals to be seen ( comcast cable ) without a tuner box or security card .	tuner box	neutral
The Clear QAM is seen by Windows 7 Media Center and allows all the local HD & digital signals to be seen ( comcast cable ) without a tuner box or security card .	security card	neutral
As I said above , it does quite well what it was designed for , however , with all the nice portability positives , you do gain one large disadvantage : actual cooling .	portability	neutral
As I said above , it does quite well what it was designed for , however , with all the nice portability positives , you do gain one large disadvantage : actual cooling .	cooling	neutral
When the drive is inserted you will be prompted to format it .	drive	neutral
Bluetooth , 1 . 3 mp web cam , 3 usb ports , and a SD card reader .	Bluetooth	neutral
Bluetooth , 1 . 3 mp web cam , 3 usb ports , and a SD card reader .	web cam	neutral
Bluetooth , 1 . 3 mp web cam , 3 usb ports , and a SD card reader .	usb ports	neutral
Bluetooth , 1 . 3 mp web cam , 3 usb ports , and a SD card reader .	SD card reader	neutral
Also , going forward , I will be using compressed air on the fan blades periodically .	fan blades	neutral
Cord is a little excessively thick and stiff , but not too bad .	Cord	neutral
Love the size and functionality of this chrome book - Since I use most of the Google products and use Andriod mobile devices , I rarely need a full powered desktop anymore .	size	neutral
Love the size and functionality of this chrome book - Since I use most of the Google products and use Andriod mobile devices , I rarely need a full powered desktop anymore .	functionality	neutral
The best thing : NO MORE CABLES !	CABLES	neutral
It works GREAT .	works	neutral
com installation guides .	installation guides	neutral
I can now sit in any chair of my house , surf the web , and print ( across the room ) to my wireless	surf the web	neutral
but I have not spent enough time with these types of applications on this system yet to determine just how much they will impact battery life .	applications	neutral
but I have not spent enough time with these types of applications on this system yet to determine just how much they will impact battery life .	system	neutral
but I have not spent enough time with these types of applications on this system yet to determine just how much they will impact battery life .	battery life	neutral
The Belkin Cushdesk allows you to work comfortably while sitting in bed , on the sofa , on the grass , or by a park bench .	Belkin Cushdesk	neutral
The laptop came with 2 gb of ram which is enough to handle normal operation .	operation	neutral
everyone else out there that rated this TV for less was complaining about things other than the TV itself , like amazon 's service , shipping , or something else totally unrelated .	service	neutral
everyone else out there that rated this TV for less was complaining about things other than the TV itself , like amazon 's service , shipping , or something else totally unrelated .	shipping	neutral
more.--To get three monitors working was not immediate .	monitors	neutral
It would not be used just for a daypack because of the spacious interior .	interior	neutral
Microsoft claims a true 1 . 3 MP video ( compared to Fusion 's 640x480 ) but it is very noticeably poorer quality than the Logitech .	quality	neutral
I highly recommend this adapter ...	adapter	neutral
I also noticed that the Transition from laptop mode to tablet mode was quicker than the Yoga 1 .	tablet	neutral
I wanted a way to add a third monitor to my computer .	monitor	neutral
10 . 1 with keyboard in a poetic leather case	keyboard	neutral
I have used the adapter with HP and Dell computers and had the same results with both .	adapter	neutral
Overall , this was quite a disappointment because there 's so much good here , ruined by ridiculous straps !	straps	neutral
This speaker is LOUD and has bass .	bass	neutral
In which do not expect to cut or edit video captures or run extensive photoediting software and other extensive programs alike .	photoediting software	neutral
In which do not expect to cut or edit video captures or run extensive photoediting software and other extensive programs alike .	programs	neutral
This Rosewill adapter has been great for being able to recover information from all of my old notebooks .	Rosewill adapter	neutral
Quick deliver and a great product overall .	deliver	neutral
What I was looking for : I set out to find a laptop that was light , decent graphics and screen for gaming and watching HD movies , powerful enough to run video - editing and image - editing software , and a good battery life for times in an international airport where all the power jacks look alien to you and you do n't feel like dropping $ 15 on a gadget you are going to use once in your life .	graphics	neutral
What I was looking for : I set out to find a laptop that was light , decent graphics and screen for gaming and watching HD movies , powerful enough to run video - editing and image - editing software , and a good battery life for times in an international airport where all the power jacks look alien to you and you do n't feel like dropping $ 15 on a gadget you are going to use once in your life .	screen	neutral
What I was looking for : I set out to find a laptop that was light , decent graphics and screen for gaming and watching HD movies , powerful enough to run video - editing and image - editing software , and a good battery life for times in an international airport where all the power jacks look alien to you and you do n't feel like dropping $ 15 on a gadget you are going to use once in your life .	gaming	neutral
What I was looking for : I set out to find a laptop that was light , decent graphics and screen for gaming and watching HD movies , powerful enough to run video - editing and image - editing software , and a good battery life for times in an international airport where all the power jacks look alien to you and you do n't feel like dropping $ 15 on a gadget you are going to use once in your life .	video - editing	neutral
What I was looking for : I set out to find a laptop that was light , decent graphics and screen for gaming and watching HD movies , powerful enough to run video - editing and image - editing software , and a good battery life for times in an international airport where all the power jacks look alien to you and you do n't feel like dropping $ 15 on a gadget you are going to use once in your life .	image - editing software	neutral
What I was looking for : I set out to find a laptop that was light , decent graphics and screen for gaming and watching HD movies , powerful enough to run video - editing and image - editing software , and a good battery life for times in an international airport where all the power jacks look alien to you and you do n't feel like dropping $ 15 on a gadget you are going to use once in your life .	battery life	neutral
What I was looking for : I set out to find a laptop that was light , decent graphics and screen for gaming and watching HD movies , powerful enough to run video - editing and image - editing software , and a good battery life for times in an international airport where all the power jacks look alien to you and you do n't feel like dropping $ 15 on a gadget you are going to use once in your life .	power jacks	neutral
Very fatal flaw is the shoulder strap .	shoulder strap	neutral
Would cost the average person 1 hour or labor uninstalling the bloatware 1 by 1 just so the PC can run at its full potential .	bloatware	neutral
Will the price ever drop below ten bucks with shipping ?	price	neutral
Will the price ever drop below ten bucks with shipping ?	shipping	neutral
Mac OS X Expose is truly a benefit for multitasking , completely removing the need for a taskbar .	Mac OS X Expose	neutral
Mac OS X Expose is truly a benefit for multitasking , completely removing the need for a taskbar .	taskbar	neutral
Mail program is ridiculously crippled , it wo n't even read mail from some servers GMAIL for example ( over IMAP ) .	Mail program	neutral
If you want to make a hackintosh , however , there is an issue with the WiFi card .	WiFi card	neutral
It is well built and easy to use .	built	neutral
It is well built and easy to use .	use	neutral
Being accustomed to using a Core i7 Elitebook with an SSD , I expected this machine to feel like molasses .	SSD	neutral
I play games when ever I can .	games	neutral
This cable has the figure 8 plug , which does NOT have a ground .	figure 8 plug	neutral
Music playback is more than acceptable , and Netflix looks spectacular .	Music playback	neutral
Music playback is more than acceptable , and Netflix looks spectacular .	Netflix	neutral
Needed this for better multitasking ,	multitasking	neutral
I have heard good things about the support .	support	neutral
However , it has a strong chemical odor .	chemical	neutral
However , it has a strong chemical odor .	odor	neutral
Works great .	Works	neutral
( I hate touch pads ) .	touch pads	neutral
it was cheep and it works great	works	neutral
Go ahead and get one and grab a memory upgrade while you 're at it .	memory upgrade	neutral
( Optimus will not work if the second graphics card is inserted in the Ultrabay port )	Optimus	neutral
( Optimus will not work if the second graphics card is inserted in the Ultrabay port )	Ultrabay port	neutral
I love this cooling mat becasue it helps elevate my laptop and keep it cool at the same time .	cooling mat	neutral
Great price !	price	neutral
The black case broke apart .	black case	neutral
Finally , on the outside of the pack there are two long pockets that hold a ton of batteries ( easily 48 ) & many memory cards ( there are four little pockets in each side that could easily hold 3 CF cards each , so	batteries	neutral
Finally , on the outside of the pack there are two long pockets that hold a ton of batteries ( easily 48 ) & many memory cards ( there are four little pockets in each side that could easily hold 3 CF cards each , so	memory cards	neutral
The feel of the keyboard is excellent .	keyboard	neutral
The LCD screen on this device is nice , although I must say I prefer the brightness & color saturation of my Incredible 's OLED screen .	LCD screen	neutral
The LCD screen on this device is nice , although I must say I prefer the brightness & color saturation of my Incredible 's OLED screen .	brightness	neutral
The LCD screen on this device is nice , although I must say I prefer the brightness & color saturation of my Incredible 's OLED screen .	color	neutral
Is it easy to use ?	use	neutral
I found that the microphone does not work on any computers or programs at all .	microphone	neutral
The only other thing I 'd ask for is a specific place for my power cord .	power cord	neutral
Personally though , I do n't bother listening to my favorite mp3 's on my laptop , I have a Cowon S9 mp3 player that has the Best Sound quality you can buy with BBE+ 3 . 0 , which sounds better than anything IMO .	Sound quality	neutral
Personally though , I do n't bother listening to my favorite mp3 's on my laptop , I have a Cowon S9 mp3 player that has the Best Sound quality you can buy with BBE+ 3 . 0 , which sounds better than anything IMO .	BBE+	neutral
I tried using it with Skype and the person on the line said that they could n't hear me and the feed back of what I was hearing was really bad .	Skype	neutral
I know its not my Macbook , because I actually reinstalled OSm just to see what would happen .	OSm	neutral
The rubber feet on my Dell slowly wore down to nothing , and my laptop ended up sliding around my desk and easily sliding off of any un - level surface .	rubber feet	neutral
, 4 GB DDR3 RAM , 500 GB 5400 rpm Hard Drive , 14-Inch	4	neutral
, 4 GB DDR3 RAM , 500 GB 5400 rpm Hard Drive , 14-Inch	14-Inch	neutral
It provides more usable keys than the iPad alone , and is comparable in feel to a laptop computer and nearly that of a full size	keys	neutral
It stutters and looses signal past 10 ft or less .	signal	neutral
Update : After 6 weeks I have had a couple of isolated incidents of repeating keys .	keys	neutral
The touchpad buttons are noisy , its been 2 months and there is an effort to do the right clicks and its noisy , u can feel and hear the button press2 .	touchpad buttons	neutral
I do nt know if it 's CableJive / iStubz or Apple and their silly custom - USB - to-30pin dock connector games ?	USB - to-30pin dock connector games	neutral
the cost of one that is just as good .	cost	neutral
which is what a new battery is supposed to do .	battery	neutral
My computer recognizes this unit as a multiple point and has named each one of them which makes it really easy to leave things plugged in that I use all the time and still be able to charge this or that without interfering with anything I might be doing .	charge	neutral
It 's easy enough to flip the drive over if the LEDs are bothersome .	drive	neutral
It 's easy enough to flip the drive over if the LEDs are bothersome .	LEDs	neutral
Speakers have always been one of the strongs points of Acer and they maintain that standard with this machine .	Speakers	neutral
It appears to be an OEM power supply .	power supply	neutral
Makes adding a second monitor simple .	monitor	neutral
The memory card reader arrived on time .	memory card reader	neutral
I 'm using it for Lepai LP-2020A+ amplifier , at moderate sound volume it does n't get warm , does it 's job at low price .	sound volume	neutral
I 'm using it for Lepai LP-2020A+ amplifier , at moderate sound volume it does n't get warm , does it 's job at low price .	price	neutral
I would have liked a 6 hours for the price paid ..	price	neutral
The price is just right .	price	neutral
Belkin 4 port USB works well and is small	Belkin	neutral
Belkin 4 port USB works well and is small	4 port USB	neutral
Good cable , does what you expect it to do , Saves having to type in a bunch of data so you can people your database with numbers without a lot of work .	cable	neutral
That laptop needs a case which makes it as big as a small briefcase , and I would n't want to carry it around all day .	case	neutral
In fact , I may have someone take this strap off my old pack and put it on this one .	strap	neutral
Great stocking stuffer for just about anyone with cords and chargers and the like .	cords	neutral
There is no rear facing camera .	rear facing camera	neutral
After overcome the first problem , I want to setup the print - server , it take me longer than the real necessary time because I did n't read the manual .	print - server	neutral
It 'll serve as my main University machine , and I purposely chose a business model 'cause they tend to have better performance and are easier to upgrade .	performance	neutral
What can I say it is a replacement LCD .	LCD	neutral
The touchpad will sometimes just not work .	touchpad	neutral
So far , works great and price was reasonable .	works	neutral
So far , works great and price was reasonable .	price	neutral
Great sleeve for the money .	sleeve	neutral
I got my money back and went with a generic adapter that 's compatible with Dell laptops rather than an official Dell adapter , and it works great .	adapter	neutral
I tend to use my Palm in poorly lit situations ... there the color screen is a delight versus that hideous green reverse backlighting .	color screen	neutral
I did have to manually adjust Slingbox settings to be below the default screen settings .	Slingbox settings	neutral
I did have to manually adjust Slingbox settings to be below the default screen settings .	screen settings	neutral
Fruit Ninja and Cut the Rope work fine on this thing , as do all business apps .	business apps	neutral
LCD HDTV with Red Touch of ColorExcellent picture with easy to see control especially for older folks .	control	neutral
I got this because my original charger for my laptop broke .	charger	neutral
I 've never had any of the problems some of the other reviewers have complained about , but I also did n't use the installation disc that came packaged with the adapter .	installation disc	neutral
I 've never had any of the problems some of the other reviewers have complained about , but I also did n't use the installation disc that came packaged with the adapter .	adapter	neutral
the IHome is a good solution .	IHome	neutral
It turns off and on easily and connects immediately with no interaction or other need .	connects	neutral
This case logic bag is what I would call a computer case on the cheap .	case logic bag	neutral
Now the fan turns on and off as expected .	fan	neutral
It does look like an eraser , not very large , so it does n't take up too much space .	eraser	neutral
: It might be faster to just use the onscreen keyboard than this one .	onscreen keyboard	neutral
Since I use a Dell U2711 on my PC , I was expecting this monitor to be a complete joke .	monitor	neutral
They do exactly what they are supposed to do and nobody around could beat the price .	price	neutral
I love this case especially for the price , it snapped right on without any issues and came with extras , I have no complaints , I got the clear and it looks awesome and feels great .	price	neutral
Other than that , it works and connects to everything just fine without losing picture quality .	connects	neutral
Other than that , it works and connects to everything just fine without losing picture quality .	picture quality	neutral
The sound does get muffled a bit when the laptop is on my lap due to the speaker location .	sound	neutral
The sound does get muffled a bit when the laptop is on my lap due to the speaker location .	speaker location	neutral
Overall , it is a good machine for the price and is very light .	price	neutral
You do have to use the install CD to first see the drive and get to the drive Web Setup .	install CD	neutral
You do have to use the install CD to first see the drive and get to the drive Web Setup .	drive	neutral
You do have to use the install CD to first see the drive and get to the drive Web Setup .	drive Web Setup	neutral
Due to the size of the bag it is not really meant for portability .	size	neutral
Due to the size of the bag it is not really meant for portability .	portability	neutral
Installation was a little tricky and calling tech support was futile : three calls resulted in a total of 45 minutes on hold , one disconnect and one no answer .	calling	neutral
Installation was a little tricky and calling tech support was futile : three calls resulted in a total of 45 minutes on hold , one disconnect and one no answer .	tech support	neutral
This charger seems to be the best compromise .	charger	neutral
Why the included software increases the signal sensitivity more than the driver for WMC	included software	neutral
Why the included software increases the signal sensitivity more than the driver for WMC	signal sensitivity	neutral
Why the included software increases the signal sensitivity more than the driver for WMC	driver for WMC	neutral
So if you 're trying to use your computer in the dark bedroom while your wife is sleeping , you better know where your keys are in the keyboard :)	keys	neutral
So if you 're trying to use your computer in the dark bedroom while your wife is sleeping , you better know where your keys are in the keyboard :)	keyboard	neutral
Good unit if you get it for right price .	price	neutral
Unless there is a specific feature you need , this laptop could fit the majority of people 's computing needs , excel at most of them , and even provide some nifty , state of the art features to put a smile on your face .	feature	neutral
Unless there is a specific feature you need , this laptop could fit the majority of people 's computing needs , excel at most of them , and even provide some nifty , state of the art features to put a smile on your face .	features	neutral
If you are willing to sacrifice function for cuteness -- if this speaker is primarily going to be in a kids room , for example -- and you do n't mind needing a ready supply of Triple - A batteries to keep it going , then the " Zoo - Tunes " speaker will have what you need .	batteries	neutral
The graphics performance on this Macbook is 3 - 5 times faster than the previous Intel Integrated Graphics .	graphics performance	neutral
The graphics performance on this Macbook is 3 - 5 times faster than the previous Intel Integrated Graphics .	Intel Integrated Graphics	neutral
Inclusion of a low profile bracket saved me several headaches !	bracket	neutral
Of course , I went to the Apple Store and paid way too much money for a charger that is just like the original , and the replacement from the Apple Store does n't get hot , either .	charger	neutral
On the outside they all look identical due to the external casing which surrounds the internal drive .	external casing	neutral
On the outside they all look identical due to the external casing which surrounds the internal drive .	internal drive	neutral
I have n't noticed any electrical interference or disturbance , I specify this because the cable passes just right to a Wi - Fi router .	cable	neutral
Changing tracks and volume control can be controlled by the connected device , but not being able to turn off the power without being close enough to reach behind it is a needless inconvenience .	tracks	neutral
Changing tracks and volume control can be controlled by the connected device , but not being able to turn off the power without being close enough to reach behind it is a needless inconvenience .	volume control	neutral
Changing tracks and volume control can be controlled by the connected device , but not being able to turn off the power without being close enough to reach behind it is a needless inconvenience .	power	neutral
1 pro 64 bit and its running great now .	running	neutral
rubberized plastic .	rubberized	neutral
They perform as expected and the external volume control is very handy .	external volume control	neutral
I was able to replace the SuperDrive in my 27&#34 ; iMac with an SSD using this caddy .	SuperDrive	neutral
I was able to replace the SuperDrive in my 27&#34 ; iMac with an SSD using this caddy .	SSD	neutral
I was able to replace the SuperDrive in my 27&#34 ; iMac with an SSD using this caddy .	caddy	neutral
and I love that you can change the view angle .	view angle	neutral
I guess it would have been cheaper to order a power cord but the PoE may surve another purpose down the road .	power cord	neutral
I use Flash drives a lot and these laptops only have 2 USB ports , so this turns one of those into 4 , so now I can use 1 for the Targus Lap Chill Mat ;	Flash drives	neutral
I use Flash drives a lot and these laptops only have 2 USB ports , so this turns one of those into 4 , so now I can use 1 for the Targus Lap Chill Mat ;	USB ports	neutral
I use Flash drives a lot and these laptops only have 2 USB ports , so this turns one of those into 4 , so now I can use 1 for the Targus Lap Chill Mat ;	Targus Lap Chill Mat	neutral
This product was poorly made ( was hard to insert into a USB jack ) and did not ship with any software .	USB jack	neutral
This product was poorly made ( was hard to insert into a USB jack ) and did not ship with any software .	software	neutral
Rubberized clip to instantly and securely clip to any laptop , which also doubles as a stand when not clipped .	Rubberized clip	neutral
Rubberized clip to instantly and securely clip to any laptop , which also doubles as a stand when not clipped .	stand	neutral
I have bought 2 of these cables , and each has problems forming a secure connection in the micro USB port .	micro USB port	neutral
Implement a silicone gasket physical mount to reduce conducting HDD vibration into the computer frame .	silicone gasket physical mount	neutral
Implement a silicone gasket physical mount to reduce conducting HDD vibration into the computer frame .	HDD vibration	neutral
This , with its magnesium shell , is both .	magnesium shell	neutral
Yes the specs look very impressive .	specs	neutral
The shoulder straps have multiple configurations , and one thing I had not realized is that there is storage in the rear of the backpack for any of the shoulder	shoulder straps	neutral
The shoulder straps have multiple configurations , and one thing I had not realized is that there is storage in the rear of the backpack for any of the shoulder	shoulder	neutral
( I already tried it and found it works well on my TV screen , too).I had another spray that worked fine , but it was a foaming spray and tended to be really messy and hard to control .	spray	neutral
If you are doing anything that requires color accuracy this is n't for your , but for editing documents and other business activities it works great .	color accuracy	neutral
although nothing new , the MagSafe connector provides added protection when someone trips over the cable or if you accidentally ' run ' away with the MacBook / MacBook Pro . 4 .	MagSafe connector	neutral
It performs like a champ and can breeze through anything I throw at it .	performs	neutral
So far , so good and the price was right .	price	neutral
I get enough range to make it downstairs and still get a good signal	range	neutral
The video works great , love the extra ports .	video	neutral
The video works great , love the extra ports .	extra ports	neutral
my laptop with a 15 ' computer screen .	15 '	neutral
Be warned for those that want to purchase this amazing laptop that has some dumb flaws.-------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE 30/10/2013 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Finally did the upgrade at the time I decided to make the order the Samsung 840 EVO series were out of stock ( at least the ones with a reasonable price )	price	neutral
] Does not come with World Wide Travel plugsI wish this adapter came with AC plugs which are worldwide compatible but those can be purchased separately here on Amazon like Insten Universal World Wide Travel Charger Adapter Plug , White - by eForCity to make this purchase complete .	Travel plugsI	neutral
] Does not come with World Wide Travel plugsI wish this adapter came with AC plugs which are worldwide compatible but those can be purchased separately here on Amazon like Insten Universal World Wide Travel Charger Adapter Plug , White - by eForCity to make this purchase complete .	AC plugs	neutral
If you have standard tinny sounding laptop speakers ( the almost nonexistent kind ) , these will be a big improvement .	speakers	neutral
Having it sit by the computer , tv , your reading chair ( or wherever you use your iPad / iPod ) , would be good ... and its size would probably prevent it from being easily lost .	size	neutral
There are already a few threads hanging , so I do n't reposition those compartments often ( you really should n't have to ) .	compartments	neutral
The added expense of the battery kept it a good price ....	battery	neutral
The added expense of the battery kept it a good price ....	price	neutral
Quick Connect adaptorSima SL-20LX Ultra Bright Video Light ( 2 ) LumiQuest ProMax Mini SoftBox ( 2 ) Adorama Heavy Duty L - bracket	Video Light	neutral
Quick Connect adaptorSima SL-20LX Ultra Bright Video Light ( 2 ) LumiQuest ProMax Mini SoftBox ( 2 ) Adorama Heavy Duty L - bracket	LumiQuest	neutral
Quick Connect adaptorSima SL-20LX Ultra Bright Video Light ( 2 ) LumiQuest ProMax Mini SoftBox ( 2 ) Adorama Heavy Duty L - bracket	L - bracket	neutral
It should have at least 2 video ports ( does n't matter what type ) .	video ports	neutral
holding charge for longer than my dying battery that this replaced . seems to charge faster too .	charge	neutral
holding charge for longer than my dying battery that this replaced . seems to charge faster too .	battery	neutral
holding charge for longer than my dying battery that this replaced . seems to charge faster too .	charge	neutral
You do n't even need power .	power	neutral
The only thing is to make sure you mark one or the other in a way that will help you remember which battery you charged and which one needs charging .	battery	neutral
The only thing is to make sure you mark one or the other in a way that will help you remember which battery you charged and which one needs charging .	charging	neutral
It works good with quality earbuds and efficient headphones .	earbuds	neutral
It works good with quality earbuds and efficient headphones .	headphones	neutral
I use this to maintain a Carbon Copy clone of my laptop hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
The plastic case is a flimsy , yielding plastic that you would more expect from a Happy Meal toy than a computer peripheral , but it does its job .	plastic case	neutral
but I just wanted a small secondary drive to run my install of Lord of the Rings Online .	secondary drive	neutral
But , by the time Windows 27 . 5 is out , we will be .	Windows 27 . 5	neutral
The cooling on this system is like nothing on any other gaming laptop as it takes up the entire back end of the laptop .	cooling	neutral
The cooling on this system is like nothing on any other gaming laptop as it takes up the entire back end of the laptop .	system	neutral
The Ion 2 used in the 1215N comprises the G210 GPU with integrated GMA3150 , and when combined with Nvidia 's Optimus switching technology , allows use of the G210 for intensive gaming sessions , while using the low power GMA 3150 for more mundane tasks .	Ion 2	neutral
The Ion 2 used in the 1215N comprises the G210 GPU with integrated GMA3150 , and when combined with Nvidia 's Optimus switching technology , allows use of the G210 for intensive gaming sessions , while using the low power GMA 3150 for more mundane tasks .	G210 GPU	neutral
The Ion 2 used in the 1215N comprises the G210 GPU with integrated GMA3150 , and when combined with Nvidia 's Optimus switching technology , allows use of the G210 for intensive gaming sessions , while using the low power GMA 3150 for more mundane tasks .	Nvidia	neutral
The Ion 2 used in the 1215N comprises the G210 GPU with integrated GMA3150 , and when combined with Nvidia 's Optimus switching technology , allows use of the G210 for intensive gaming sessions , while using the low power GMA 3150 for more mundane tasks .	Optimus switching technology	neutral
The Ion 2 used in the 1215N comprises the G210 GPU with integrated GMA3150 , and when combined with Nvidia 's Optimus switching technology , allows use of the G210 for intensive gaming sessions , while using the low power GMA 3150 for more mundane tasks .	gaming	neutral
The Ion 2 used in the 1215N comprises the G210 GPU with integrated GMA3150 , and when combined with Nvidia 's Optimus switching technology , allows use of the G210 for intensive gaming sessions , while using the low power GMA 3150 for more mundane tasks .	GMA 3150	neutral
And delivery from Amazon was trouble free .	delivery	neutral
It 's tempting to bust the keyboard down a star for that flaw , but since all other keyboards of this size have the exact same problem , I ca n't fairly deduct points .	keyboard	neutral
It 's tempting to bust the keyboard down a star for that flaw , but since all other keyboards of this size have the exact same problem , I ca n't fairly deduct points .	keyboards	neutral
I have an iPhone 4 , and the usb would n't seat in this Belkin , so it would n't charge .	usb	neutral
I have an iPhone 4 , and the usb would n't seat in this Belkin , so it would n't charge .	charge	neutral
should you want access to the device itself , and it does not block any of the ports leaving everything accessible .	ports	neutral
The carabiner idea worked moderately OK , but these days I 'm not using it with a strap .	carabiner idea	neutral
The carabiner idea worked moderately OK , but these days I 'm not using it with a strap .	strap	neutral
The ribbon cable was just as long as the factory and that is a huge time saver .	ribbon cable	neutral
In other words , the subwoofer on a system produced by Logitech for 1 . 3 of the price of the Pro Media sounded better than the Promedia 's does .	subwoofer	neutral
In other words , the subwoofer on a system produced by Logitech for 1 . 3 of the price of the Pro Media sounded better than the Promedia 's does .	price	neutral
This little gem really pulls in a weak signal .	signal	neutral
The monitor fits in there nicely , and the case is padded with a soft scratch resistant surface .	monitor	neutral
The monitor fits in there nicely , and the case is padded with a soft scratch resistant surface .	case	neutral
The monitor fits in there nicely , and the case is padded with a soft scratch resistant surface .	surface	neutral
I rebooted , & changed the driver to the downloaded one .	driver	neutral
3 . 5 mm jack for the wire , micro - usb for charge , touch control , comfort on my head and over my ears .	wire	neutral
3 . 5 mm jack for the wire , micro - usb for charge , touch control , comfort on my head and over my ears .	micro - usb	neutral
3 . 5 mm jack for the wire , micro - usb for charge , touch control , comfort on my head and over my ears .	charge	neutral
3 . 5 mm jack for the wire , micro - usb for charge , touch control , comfort on my head and over my ears .	touch control	neutral
This is a fast usb drive even though there are some post 's here which state otherwise .	usb drive	neutral
I did a clean OS install , of both Win 8 and Win 7 , both had same issues right off the batt .	OS install	neutral
I did a clean OS install , of both Win 8 and Win 7 , both had same issues right off the batt .	Win 8	neutral
I did a clean OS install , of both Win 8 and Win 7 , both had same issues right off the batt .	Win 7	neutral
The fact that it can be compact and still have four ports is great .	ports	neutral
I upgraded the ram about month after purchase using leftover 2Gb DDR3 from Acer 722 netbook which I had upgraded to 4Gb .	ram	neutral
I upgraded the ram about month after purchase using leftover 2Gb DDR3 from Acer 722 netbook which I had upgraded to 4Gb .	2Gb DDR3	neutral
Great product and perfect maych with the ordered battery .	battery	neutral
I do n't think the difference really implies any inferiority of the Samsung drive .	Samsung drive	neutral
My DV6000 runs faster then this piece of garbage .	runs	neutral
Touch screen response in addition to touchpad and keyboard .	Touch screen response	neutral
Touch screen response in addition to touchpad and keyboard .	touchpad	neutral
Touch screen response in addition to touchpad and keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
1x 120 mm fan , 3x 80 mm fans , 2x IDE rounded cables , 1x floppy rounded cable , and I noticed that parts on my mobo are reactive also , ram slots , sata connectors , pci - e slots , and my gfx card cooler ( reference design ati 4870 ) is uv reactive also .	120 mm fan	neutral
1x 120 mm fan , 3x 80 mm fans , 2x IDE rounded cables , 1x floppy rounded cable , and I noticed that parts on my mobo are reactive also , ram slots , sata connectors , pci - e slots , and my gfx card cooler ( reference design ati 4870 ) is uv reactive also .	IDE	neutral
1x 120 mm fan , 3x 80 mm fans , 2x IDE rounded cables , 1x floppy rounded cable , and I noticed that parts on my mobo are reactive also , ram slots , sata connectors , pci - e slots , and my gfx card cooler ( reference design ati 4870 ) is uv reactive also .	ram slots	neutral
1x 120 mm fan , 3x 80 mm fans , 2x IDE rounded cables , 1x floppy rounded cable , and I noticed that parts on my mobo are reactive also , ram slots , sata connectors , pci - e slots , and my gfx card cooler ( reference design ati 4870 ) is uv reactive also .	sata connectors	neutral
1x 120 mm fan , 3x 80 mm fans , 2x IDE rounded cables , 1x floppy rounded cable , and I noticed that parts on my mobo are reactive also , ram slots , sata connectors , pci - e slots , and my gfx card cooler ( reference design ati 4870 ) is uv reactive also .	pci - e slots	neutral
When I upgraded my memory to 8 GB with this product , I can immediately see the system picking up the upgraded memory ...	memory	neutral
When I upgraded my memory to 8 GB with this product , I can immediately see the system picking up the upgraded memory ...	system	neutral
When I upgraded my memory to 8 GB with this product , I can immediately see the system picking up the upgraded memory ...	memory	neutral
The battery delivers approximately two hours of moderate use - such as Internet browsing and Skype calls .	battery	neutral
The battery delivers approximately two hours of moderate use - such as Internet browsing and Skype calls .	use	neutral
The battery delivers approximately two hours of moderate use - such as Internet browsing and Skype calls .	Internet browsing	neutral
Unfortunately , starting with Windows 8 , Microsoft has removed connectivity to ad - hoc WiFi networks .	Windows 8	neutral
Unfortunately , starting with Windows 8 , Microsoft has removed connectivity to ad - hoc WiFi networks .	connectivity	neutral
Unfortunately , starting with Windows 8 , Microsoft has removed connectivity to ad - hoc WiFi networks .	WiFi networks	neutral
for the price and the simplicity , no complain .	price	neutral
for the price and the simplicity , no complain .	simplicity	neutral
Near the aforementioned padded handle is another loop to hang more things off of .	padded handle	neutral
Write down the GUID for the wireless adapter .	wireless adapter	neutral
I am packing this as an external USB drive , which means the power consumption is vital .	external USB drive	neutral
I am packing this as an external USB drive , which means the power consumption is vital .	power consumption	neutral
It still does all the same things as before but now I can stand it up on a table and type with the external keyboard .	external keyboard	neutral
This battery was a replacement for a 2 year old laptop .	battery	neutral
5 Inch Solid State Hybrid Drive ST750LX003 .	Solid State Hybrid Drive	neutral
I have an external hard drive and 2 other USB devices hooked into this hub which also needs to be plugged in	external hard drive	neutral
I have an external hard drive and 2 other USB devices hooked into this hub which also needs to be plugged in	USB devices	neutral
Having to figure out how to get the Mac to get access to my PC 's printer and external storage ... not a real con , but there 's an obvious learning curve .	printer	neutral
Having to figure out how to get the Mac to get access to my PC 's printer and external storage ... not a real con , but there 's an obvious learning curve .	external storage	neutral
Tomorrow I am buying a short USB extension cord	USB extension cord	neutral
The most unfavorable review for it poorly rates the bundled software , however , mine did not come with any software .	bundled software	neutral
The most unfavorable review for it poorly rates the bundled software , however , mine did not come with any software .	software	neutral
However , others will need more space , so you can always use an external drive , when at your desk .	external drive	neutral
You may want to google wifi problems with asus and windows 8 before purchase .	wifi	neutral
You may want to google wifi problems with asus and windows 8 before purchase .	windows 8	neutral
Started getting BIOME-1 ( bios mem error ) when running the BIOS diagnostics .	BIOME-1	neutral
Started getting BIOME-1 ( bios mem error ) when running the BIOS diagnostics .	bios mem	neutral
Started getting BIOME-1 ( bios mem error ) when running the BIOS diagnostics .	BIOS diagnostics	neutral
They chose it for the better battery life .	battery life	neutral
Also , the zipper is a bit noisy if you open it up during a quiet meeting .	zipper	neutral
I had someone install it for me after reading everyone 's installation troubles .	installation	neutral
The very front zippered pocket on the bag is really tiny .	zippered pocket	neutral
At the same time I also ordered the charger for use in the car , but I have n't used that one yet .	charger	neutral
Ca n't beat the quality of this product .	quality	neutral
In fairness , this seems to be a problem with lots of car - power adapters and may be due to some different mechanical standards for these receptacles .	car - power adapters	neutral
In fairness , this seems to be a problem with lots of car - power adapters and may be due to some different mechanical standards for these receptacles .	mechanical	neutral
In fairness , this seems to be a problem with lots of car - power adapters and may be due to some different mechanical standards for these receptacles .	receptacles	neutral
You 'll need to carry around the included Mini - USB cable .	Mini - USB cable	neutral
Amazon customer service has also been outstanding on this and many other items I have bought .	Amazon customer service	neutral
I love all the apps that are offered through Google ( such as Google Docs , Google Slides , etc . )	apps	neutral
I love all the apps that are offered through Google ( such as Google Docs , Google Slides , etc . )	Google Docs	neutral
I love all the apps that are offered through Google ( such as Google Docs , Google Slides , etc . )	Google Slides	neutral
Medialink is obviously dedicated to customer support .	Medialink	neutral
Medialink is obviously dedicated to customer support .	customer support	neutral
Would really like a charger that had spring loaded wheels that could retract the cords or lock at certain lengths .	charger	neutral
Would really like a charger that had spring loaded wheels that could retract the cords or lock at certain lengths .	wheels	neutral
Would really like a charger that had spring loaded wheels that could retract the cords or lock at certain lengths .	cords	neutral
A big enough screen ( over 12 . 1 " ) , great quality - wise .	screen	neutral
A big enough screen ( over 12 . 1 " ) , great quality - wise .	quality	neutral
you DO need to point the remote accurately .	remote	neutral
Speaking of lightning - having 2 thunderbolt connectors on this is REALLY nice at work	thunderbolt connectors	neutral
The third replacement had about as much power as the OEM dell one .	power	neutral
Check your cell phone or smartphone for this feature .	feature	neutral
I assumed it should be charged .	charged	neutral
Very easy to use on my Dell Inpsiron laptop .	use	neutral
3 . 2 plastic stickers over the screw on the bottom of the screen panel look like they 'll come off soon .	screw	neutral
3 . 2 plastic stickers over the screw on the bottom of the screen panel look like they 'll come off soon .	bottom of the screen panel	neutral
Picture and sound get an A+ .	Picture	neutral
Picture and sound get an A+ .	sound	neutral
I plugged into the USB an external DVD player and ran a Windows 8 installation disk by rebooting .	USB	neutral
I plugged into the USB an external DVD player and ran a Windows 8 installation disk by rebooting .	Windows 8 installation disk	neutral
, I called SOLO directly , pressed 1 , for customer service , and recieved a service agent who took my number and address down and is shipping a new strap , free of charge .	customer service	neutral
, I called SOLO directly , pressed 1 , for customer service , and recieved a service agent who took my number and address down and is shipping a new strap , free of charge .	service agent	neutral
Like a lot of other people the sound worked out of the box ( on a Windows 7 64-bit machine ) but the remote control was dead no matter what I tried ( installing newer software , playing with the configuration , different machines , different usb ports , reversing the battery , etc ) .	sound	neutral
Like a lot of other people the sound worked out of the box ( on a Windows 7 64-bit machine ) but the remote control was dead no matter what I tried ( installing newer software , playing with the configuration , different machines , different usb ports , reversing the battery , etc ) .	Windows 7 64-bit	neutral
Like a lot of other people the sound worked out of the box ( on a Windows 7 64-bit machine ) but the remote control was dead no matter what I tried ( installing newer software , playing with the configuration , different machines , different usb ports , reversing the battery , etc ) .	remote control	neutral
Like a lot of other people the sound worked out of the box ( on a Windows 7 64-bit machine ) but the remote control was dead no matter what I tried ( installing newer software , playing with the configuration , different machines , different usb ports , reversing the battery , etc ) .	usb ports	neutral
Like a lot of other people the sound worked out of the box ( on a Windows 7 64-bit machine ) but the remote control was dead no matter what I tried ( installing newer software , playing with the configuration , different machines , different usb ports , reversing the battery , etc ) .	battery	neutral
This little piece of plastic with metal plugs into the laptop if you push real hard , almost damaging your USB connector in the process , then it does nothing at all .	USB connector	neutral
For me , however , this simply means that I connect a wireless mouse to the computer to use instead of the touch pad .	wireless mouse	neutral
For me , however , this simply means that I connect a wireless mouse to the computer to use instead of the touch pad .	touch pad	neutral
The unit is " only " rated for 10A , which is actually the best I could find , but the built - in lighter socket is fused for ( and I assume rated at ) 15A.	built - in lighter socket	neutral
This accessory is what sets the Transformer apart from iPads , other Android Honeycomb tablets and even the beefier and heavier Windows 7 tablets .	Windows 7	neutral
I shipped it to them , emailed them the cost , and they refunded the money and sent the correct battery .	cost	neutral
I shipped it to them , emailed them the cost , and they refunded the money and sent the correct battery .	battery	neutral
I bought this keyboard cover for my 2011 MacBook Pro 13 over a year ago and it is still working great today !	keyboard cover	neutral
I purchased this for my new HP Envy laptop , since my previous machine got quite a few scratches on the screen due to friction with the keyboard .	screen	neutral
I purchased this for my new HP Envy laptop , since my previous machine got quite a few scratches on the screen due to friction with the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
I have a Roku , which is great , but wanted to stream some network TV that I ca n't get with the antenna .	antenna	neutral
It sounds silly , but after you have a gameboard with flat buttons you 'll really appreciate this .	gameboard	neutral
It sounds silly , but after you have a gameboard with flat buttons you 'll really appreciate this .	buttons	neutral
I have the speed and reliability I need for my job , and I was surprised at how thin and light this machine is compared to a lot of the high end gaming laptops .	speed	neutral
I have the speed and reliability I need for my job , and I was surprised at how thin and light this machine is compared to a lot of the high end gaming laptops .	reliability	neutral
I have the speed and reliability I need for my job , and I was surprised at how thin and light this machine is compared to a lot of the high end gaming laptops .	gaming	neutral
After 1 week of waiting the coolerfan arrived , it was exactly the spare part I needed , so the problem was solved .	coolerfan	neutral
The keyboard is a great feature and everything fits right ; no need to cut a hole for the charger or anything .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is a great feature and everything fits right ; no need to cut a hole for the charger or anything .	feature	neutral
The memory for bank ( A ) for the M1210 under the keyboard took about 5 minutes ; it was easy too ( following a youtube video ) .	memory for bank ( A	neutral
The memory for bank ( A ) for the M1210 under the keyboard took about 5 minutes ; it was easy too ( following a youtube video ) .	keyboard	neutral
I also wanted something that could use existing usb cables to charge devices , including iPad or Kindle Fire that require higher wattage output .	usb cables	neutral
I also wanted something that could use existing usb cables to charge devices , including iPad or Kindle Fire that require higher wattage output .	wattage output	neutral
the keyboard cover is nice and very responsive .	keyboard cover	neutral
The design is great , very sleek .	design	neutral
I bought this after searching for a replacement power supply unit and thought it seemed like a good price as well .	power supply unit	neutral
I bought this after searching for a replacement power supply unit and thought it seemed like a good price as well .	price	neutral
Very easy to install .	install	neutral
Touch pad on the keyboard worked right out of the box , and I can so far access all of the same functions I could from the Shield 's own touchscreen .	Touch pad	neutral
Touch pad on the keyboard worked right out of the box , and I can so far access all of the same functions I could from the Shield 's own touchscreen .	keyboard	neutral
Touch pad on the keyboard worked right out of the box , and I can so far access all of the same functions I could from the Shield 's own touchscreen .	touchscreen	neutral
Still a great value for the money and the best sound quality I 've seen with any of the iPad speakers my kids have tried .	sound quality	neutral
Repeat Steps 1 - 7Step 12 : if you 're not a complete fool , 8 . 1 upgrade should be straight forward .	8	neutral
For those concerned about padding it 's not difficult to pick some foam up at a craft store and make your own insert .	padding	neutral
My sales rep have the slide on his laptop , I have the software and we flip back and forth , nice	software	neutral
Good price compared to other sources .	price	neutral
If you edit documents ( Google Docs , ZoHo Docs , etc . ) , surf the WEB , do Facebook / Google+/Twitter , send email , watch YouTube , share pictures , chat / video chat and use WiFi these are awesome !	surf the WEB	neutral
If you edit documents ( Google Docs , ZoHo Docs , etc . ) , surf the WEB , do Facebook / Google+/Twitter , send email , watch YouTube , share pictures , chat / video chat and use WiFi these are awesome !	WiFi	neutral
The swiveling screen that operates with the keyboard like any other laptop / netbook is a terrific innovation.-	swiveling screen	neutral
The swiveling screen that operates with the keyboard like any other laptop / netbook is a terrific innovation.-	keyboard	neutral
You can change the password and network name in the Settings of the ez Share app .	ez Share app	neutral
On the other hand , the udac made a big difference on my home computer , which has a brittle sound and is plagued by electronic interference and stuttering playback when the CPU is busy .	udac	neutral
On the other hand , the udac made a big difference on my home computer , which has a brittle sound and is plagued by electronic interference and stuttering playback when the CPU is busy .	sound	neutral
On the other hand , the udac made a big difference on my home computer , which has a brittle sound and is plagued by electronic interference and stuttering playback when the CPU is busy .	electronic	neutral
On the other hand , the udac made a big difference on my home computer , which has a brittle sound and is plagued by electronic interference and stuttering playback when the CPU is busy .	playback	neutral
On the other hand , the udac made a big difference on my home computer , which has a brittle sound and is plagued by electronic interference and stuttering playback when the CPU is busy .	CPU	neutral
The battery fits well , and does not interfere with the movement of the lcd .	battery	neutral
The battery fits well , and does not interfere with the movement of the lcd .	lcd	neutral
Putting the Nokia 's newest 2008 version of the OS ( from 2007 ) was painless .	OS	neutral
It has a similar feel to a razor mouse where the mouse almost feels like felt .	mouse	neutral
It has a similar feel to a razor mouse where the mouse almost feels like felt .	mouse	neutral
micintegrated bluetoothWhat I do n't like - Cramped KeyboardFunction key and left control key should be switched ( my biggest gripe thus far I use the ctrl enter shortcut all the time )	micintegrated bluetoothWhat	neutral
micintegrated bluetoothWhat I do n't like - Cramped KeyboardFunction key and left control key should be switched ( my biggest gripe thus far I use the ctrl enter shortcut all the time )	KeyboardFunction key	neutral
micintegrated bluetoothWhat I do n't like - Cramped KeyboardFunction key and left control key should be switched ( my biggest gripe thus far I use the ctrl enter shortcut all the time )	left control key	neutral
micintegrated bluetoothWhat I do n't like - Cramped KeyboardFunction key and left control key should be switched ( my biggest gripe thus far I use the ctrl enter shortcut all the time )	ctrl enter shortcut	neutral
Now the keyboard is probably one of the most important aspect of this PC .	keyboard	neutral
Oddly , the Pulse Smartpen does not have a cap .	Pulse Smartpen	neutral
Oddly , the Pulse Smartpen does not have a cap .	cap	neutral
It worked in helping me salvage the data from the hard drive of a computer that had died .	hard drive	neutral
Be it the . , or a space bar press , or just a letter , it registers as being stuck down when in fact it is not .	space bar	neutral
Mine wo n't charge past 46 % brand new out of the box ..	charge	neutral
This cooling pad has solved his problem and he is very pleased .	cooling pad	neutral
I like the packaging too .	packaging	neutral
The entire PC industry uses the same crummy batteries that just do n't hold up .	batteries	neutral
I gave it 5 stars because the functionality is incredible .	functionality	neutral
the sides are simply too short in most areas to accommodate ports .	sides	neutral
the sides are simply too short in most areas to accommodate ports .	ports	neutral
The instructions are not clear at all as to how to make it work .	instructions	neutral
This battery does what it is intended to do and I have no complaints .	battery	neutral
Wifi is like a cordless house phone , even though it is cordless technology it is still a house phone .	Wifi	neutral
UPDATE : I have had problems with syncing this mouse , but mostly when the battery gets low .	mouse	neutral
UPDATE : I have had problems with syncing this mouse , but mostly when the battery gets low .	battery	neutral
Works well , easy to store , easy hook up .	Works	neutral
Works well , easy to store , easy hook up .	store	neutral
Works well , easy to store , easy hook up .	hook up	neutral
Too many of these are way to wide and make you remove the case from your phone or iPad .	case	neutral
After my wife starting having some issues when saving Photoshop projects , I decided it was time to upgrade our Mac and boosted it to 16 gigs of RAM with 2 of these .	Photoshop projects	neutral
After my wife starting having some issues when saving Photoshop projects , I decided it was time to upgrade our Mac and boosted it to 16 gigs of RAM with 2 of these .	16	neutral
Finder : I did n't think it would be very useful until I downloaded a program and had no idea where it went .	program	neutral
Bought this for for a Dell Inspiron 1520 running Windows XP SP2 .	Windows XP SP2	neutral
The aluminum case cools it well - the first thing I did was to clone my 300 GB hard drive to it ( takes about 4 hours on a Mac because cloning is much slower than copying ) and the drive got only slightly warm .	aluminum case	neutral
The aluminum case cools it well - the first thing I did was to clone my 300 GB hard drive to it ( takes about 4 hours on a Mac because cloning is much slower than copying ) and the drive got only slightly warm .	300 GB hard drive	neutral
The aluminum case cools it well - the first thing I did was to clone my 300 GB hard drive to it ( takes about 4 hours on a Mac because cloning is much slower than copying ) and the drive got only slightly warm .	drive	neutral
My daughter replaced her mini laptop battery , which held zero charge , with this one .	charge	neutral
Screen is very bright and the high resolution is excellent .	Screen	neutral
Screen is very bright and the high resolution is excellent .	high resolution	neutral
Holds it secure , protects the corners when dropped ( have n't tested this feature and do n't plan to ) , stands up nicely at different angles .	corners	neutral
Holds it secure , protects the corners when dropped ( have n't tested this feature and do n't plan to ) , stands up nicely at different angles .	feature	neutral
I run a network switch into the gateway that has three computers and a network printer attached to the switch .	network switch	neutral
I run a network switch into the gateway that has three computers and a network printer attached to the switch .	network printer	neutral
What I like best is the battery life .	battery life	neutral
So this is a brief review focussed more on migration and seamless operation .	operation	neutral
and I think it has more then enough length to reach a side USB port .	length	neutral
and I think it has more then enough length to reach a side USB port .	USB port	neutral
I was tempted to just get a SSD and pop it in there myself , but I figure I should at least get a working drive out of the deal .	SSD	neutral
I was tempted to just get a SSD and pop it in there myself , but I figure I should at least get a working drive out of the deal .	drive	neutral
If you search around the internet you 'll find other cases of the intermittent power cord .	power cord	neutral
However the quality is terrible !	quality	neutral
Works like a charm .	Works	neutral
He loves it ( he sent a cheaper , lighter - weight Case Logic one back in favor of this ) and it will be convenient to have the checkpoint fold - out section for security lines .	checkpoint fold - out section	neutral
He loves it ( he sent a cheaper , lighter - weight Case Logic one back in favor of this ) and it will be convenient to have the checkpoint fold - out section for security lines .	security lines	neutral
I bought this as back up high speed cards .	high speed cards	neutral
The usb connection is n't very good , but its better than nothing ...	usb connection	neutral
Image Browsing	Image Browsing	neutral
Both cords however are of great quality and seem sturdy .	cords	neutral
The screen is gorgeous , and the sound from the device is very good .	screen	neutral
The screen is gorgeous , and the sound from the device is very good .	sound	neutral
Unfortunately , when setting the xbox to 720p , the unconverted HDMI image has slight shadows and looks overall a bit washed out .	HDMI image	neutral
it had nothing to do with my signal but only the computer .	signal	neutral
Treble and bass are clear .	Treble	neutral
Treble and bass are clear .	bass	neutral
I have mine on the hutch of my computer desk , just slightly above ear - level , an arms length away and they sound great , and you can actually feel the bass!!Being PC speakers , the bass does not carry far though- as it is not meant to .	bass!!Being	neutral
I have mine on the hutch of my computer desk , just slightly above ear - level , an arms length away and they sound great , and you can actually feel the bass!!Being PC speakers , the bass does not carry far though- as it is not meant to .	bass	neutral
The little pouch that came with it is supposed to fit all the items , but it 's a super - tight fit if you do that	pouch	neutral
Previous off - brand chargers have given me problems with overheating ( both my laptop and the charger itself ) .	charger	neutral
Dependable batteries that last a long time .	batteries	neutral
While it does n't have a lot of extra storage room , it can comfortably hold a small amount of papers and accessories .	storage	neutral
and I did n't want to pay toshiba 's prices for an original replacement .	prices	neutral
The fit and finish is top notch .	finish	neutral
the usb has a slot inside the mouse	usb	neutral
the usb has a slot inside the mouse	mouse	neutral
I miss actual dedicated click buttons that are not integrated into the touchpad , as those were much faster and less prone to accidentally move your cursor just before the click .	dedicated click buttons	neutral
I miss actual dedicated click buttons that are not integrated into the touchpad , as those were much faster and less prone to accidentally move your cursor just before the click .	touchpad	neutral
I miss actual dedicated click buttons that are not integrated into the touchpad , as those were much faster and less prone to accidentally move your cursor just before the click .	cursor	neutral
XP boots wicked fast .	XP	neutral
XP boots wicked fast .	boots	neutral
i know a few verry successfull youtubers who use it daily for reviews unboxings rants and so on i just use it for webcaming	webcaming	neutral
The battery , though charging , measured	battery	neutral
The battery , though charging , measured	charging	neutral
Other 's experiences may very depending on your notebook screen thickness and finish .	screen thickness	neutral
Other 's experiences may very depending on your notebook screen thickness and finish .	finish	neutral
You can not go wrong with these speakers !	speakers	neutral
The right satellite , the one with the on / off and volume control knobs , has four separate wires : 1 ) hardwire to the other satellite , 2 ) hardwire to the jack that goes to the audio source ( computer or MP3 player ) ,	on / off	neutral
The right satellite , the one with the on / off and volume control knobs , has four separate wires : 1 ) hardwire to the other satellite , 2 ) hardwire to the jack that goes to the audio source ( computer or MP3 player ) ,	volume control knobs	neutral
The right satellite , the one with the on / off and volume control knobs , has four separate wires : 1 ) hardwire to the other satellite , 2 ) hardwire to the jack that goes to the audio source ( computer or MP3 player ) ,	hardwire	neutral
The right satellite , the one with the on / off and volume control knobs , has four separate wires : 1 ) hardwire to the other satellite , 2 ) hardwire to the jack that goes to the audio source ( computer or MP3 player ) ,	hardwire	neutral
The right satellite , the one with the on / off and volume control knobs , has four separate wires : 1 ) hardwire to the other satellite , 2 ) hardwire to the jack that goes to the audio source ( computer or MP3 player ) ,	jack	neutral
The right satellite , the one with the on / off and volume control knobs , has four separate wires : 1 ) hardwire to the other satellite , 2 ) hardwire to the jack that goes to the audio source ( computer or MP3 player ) ,	audio source	neutral
8 gb memory .	8 gb memory	neutral
It 's a little too tight , especially with larger batteries and with all your laptop accessories .	batteries	neutral
Very grippy and solidly built .	built	neutral
Installation was easy as this part is an exact fit .	Installation	neutral
displayPros : nice pastel purple / lavender color , protects from scratches , easy to snap on , reasonably pricedCons : fingerprints dried in the plastic during manufacturing process and are visible through the opaque laptop cover ; the bumper grips on the bottom detached immediately when I opened the shrink wrap ; will not protect from impact ( dropping the laptop )	displayPros	neutral
displayPros : nice pastel purple / lavender color , protects from scratches , easy to snap on , reasonably pricedCons : fingerprints dried in the plastic during manufacturing process and are visible through the opaque laptop cover ; the bumper grips on the bottom detached immediately when I opened the shrink wrap ; will not protect from impact ( dropping the laptop )	color	neutral
displayPros : nice pastel purple / lavender color , protects from scratches , easy to snap on , reasonably pricedCons : fingerprints dried in the plastic during manufacturing process and are visible through the opaque laptop cover ; the bumper grips on the bottom detached immediately when I opened the shrink wrap ; will not protect from impact ( dropping the laptop )	bumper grips	neutral
displayPros : nice pastel purple / lavender color , protects from scratches , easy to snap on , reasonably pricedCons : fingerprints dried in the plastic during manufacturing process and are visible through the opaque laptop cover ; the bumper grips on the bottom detached immediately when I opened the shrink wrap ; will not protect from impact ( dropping the laptop )	bottom	neutral
displayPros : nice pastel purple / lavender color , protects from scratches , easy to snap on , reasonably pricedCons : fingerprints dried in the plastic during manufacturing process and are visible through the opaque laptop cover ; the bumper grips on the bottom detached immediately when I opened the shrink wrap ; will not protect from impact ( dropping the laptop )	shrink wrap	neutral
Second star removed for lack of super Amoled screen .	screen	neutral
The laptops the power supply is made for require a MINIMUM of 90 watts .	power supply	neutral
Adjusting the platform is a bit cumbersome , but workable .	platform	neutral
Sometimes it is just not possible to plug in a charger , and when that is the case this little accessory is the answer .	charger	neutral
Confused since the photo on amazon showed no such ridiculous strap , I continued to examine more of the bag 's features	strap	neutral
Confused since the photo on amazon showed no such ridiculous strap , I continued to examine more of the bag 's features	features	neutral
I have n't had any problems with durability yet .	durability	neutral
Despite the good ratings this item received , I was still a little skeptical about this working as well as the build quality .	build quality	neutral
Combine it with the overall feel of the Toshiba and I really felt that the Assus was more cheaply built .	built	neutral
I bought this Laptop attache and it is a great product for the price .	price	neutral
For those whom might have a problem , uninstall the device from the system device manger , uninstall all software , then restart PC , then reinstall only the drivers , then the software .	system device	neutral
For those whom might have a problem , uninstall the device from the system device manger , uninstall all software , then restart PC , then reinstall only the drivers , then the software .	software	neutral
For those whom might have a problem , uninstall the device from the system device manger , uninstall all software , then restart PC , then reinstall only the drivers , then the software .	drivers	neutral
For those whom might have a problem , uninstall the device from the system device manger , uninstall all software , then restart PC , then reinstall only the drivers , then the software .	software	neutral
The padding in the compartments is so thick and strong that you ca n't really do much more than carry lenses .	padding	neutral
The padding in the compartments is so thick and strong that you ca n't really do much more than carry lenses .	compartments	neutral
Once I could boost the sound with them ( on the top of the unit ) , I was impressed .	sound	neutral
I could n't wait for a replacement to be shipped , so I made an emergency trip to a brick and mortar Best Buy where I bought the Soundblaster X - Fi Go !	Soundblaster	neutral
I went to naboring and out of town outlet stores to find less worthy computers sell for the price this worthy computer does , they sold this computer for $ 150 - $ 200 more , they lost a sale ...	price	neutral
I have a TV connected to the same graphics card as a secondary display , and it does not do this .	graphics card	neutral
I have a TV connected to the same graphics card as a secondary display , and it does not do this .	display	neutral
I then borrowed his DVI adapter and monitor cable to use on my laptop and the second monitor .	DVI adapter	neutral
I then borrowed his DVI adapter and monitor cable to use on my laptop and the second monitor .	monitor cable	neutral
This battery will raise the laptop on an angle but that will also help reduce the heat as well .	battery	neutral
The case is good for scratches , but it has no protection against small drops .	case	neutral
so I know it 's the power strip .	power strip	neutral
All the drivers have been updated and my PC and thousands of others have the same problem - the dock disconnects ( Keyboard dock ) .	drivers	neutral
All the drivers have been updated and my PC and thousands of others have the same problem - the dock disconnects ( Keyboard dock ) .	dock	neutral
All the drivers have been updated and my PC and thousands of others have the same problem - the dock disconnects ( Keyboard dock ) .	Keyboard dock	neutral
The Hard Drive is a 5400 RPM	Hard Drive	neutral
I 'd like to be able to print directly from the computer ; I know it 's not the original intent of the printer , but hopefully once I find the right cable to connect them that will be an option .	cable	neutral
It works perfectly and is very easy to set up .	works	neutral
It works perfectly and is very easy to set up .	set up	neutral
Cons:- Windows 7 starter blows .	Windows 7 starter	neutral
The keyboard has no distance between pinky keys like A or P and control keys .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard has no distance between pinky keys like A or P and control keys .	pinky keys	neutral
The keyboard has no distance between pinky keys like A or P and control keys .	control keys	neutral
I 'm using this notebook for general msft office , email and web .	msft office	neutral
It seems others have gotten good copies of this battery thus the good ratings here , just sharing my experience .	battery	neutral
That left hole is too far from the edge of the drive , every other drive ( and faceplate ) uses a hole much closer .	drive	neutral
That left hole is too far from the edge of the drive , every other drive ( and faceplate ) uses a hole much closer .	drive	neutral
it is small , but has some weight to it , and it is not a cheap piece of plastic .	weight	neutral
but it averages about 6 to 8 hours a charge depending on what I 'm doing	charge	neutral
Maybe it is not the case with windows 8 , not sure .	windows 8	neutral
Replacing the hard drive is something that will give many people pause .	hard drive	neutral
Amazing Boot up speed .	Boot up speed	neutral
: this laptop is very light in weight for its specs , having opened the machine , it appears good quality components are in place here , arrived with a useable $ 1 dust slip cover which is more than I can say about many other laptops .	specs	neutral
: this laptop is very light in weight for its specs , having opened the machine , it appears good quality components are in place here , arrived with a useable $ 1 dust slip cover which is more than I can say about many other laptops .	components	neutral
: this laptop is very light in weight for its specs , having opened the machine , it appears good quality components are in place here , arrived with a useable $ 1 dust slip cover which is more than I can say about many other laptops .	dust slip cover	neutral
They fit well in the ear and it was nice that they included 3 different sized silicon earpieces so that you could get a good fit .	silicon earpieces	neutral
Then , I discovered that it was not a hardware issue .	hardware	neutral
This battery does not fit properly .	battery	neutral
While the legs are n't completely pointy or sharp underneath the bumpers , there is narrow space that has the potential to pinch your skin when kept there for several hours , so that can be a slight issue .	legs	neutral
While the legs are n't completely pointy or sharp underneath the bumpers , there is narrow space that has the potential to pinch your skin when kept there for several hours , so that can be a slight issue .	bumpers	neutral
It is currently free , and in the future only a limited version will be free once they start charging .	charging	neutral
And the HP Envy comes only with Windows 8 , so I tossed it out of my pick - list .	Windows 8	neutral
I loved the webcam quality , less so that of the speakers .	webcam quality	neutral
I loved the webcam quality , less so that of the speakers .	speakers	neutral
Not only that , I can keep this on top of something like a bed or blanket , where before , such a material would block the fan , causing my laptop to overheat .	fan	neutral
So Processor ( 125 ) + GPU ( 20 ) + 2x4 gb	Processor	neutral
So Processor ( 125 ) + GPU ( 20 ) + 2x4 gb	GPU	neutral
Norton Ghost was nice but does to much	Norton Ghost	neutral
so I bought this pack for both my Canon EF40 mm and Panasonic 45 - 150 mm MFT lenses since I lost both lens caps around the same time !	lens caps	neutral
I could finally ditch my plug - in speakers that I used for my old laptop .	plug - in speakers	neutral
Perfect fit except 1 of the 4 screw holes did not line up properly with the SSD .	screw holes	neutral
Perfect fit except 1 of the 4 screw holes did not line up properly with the SSD .	SSD	neutral
I actually like these features ...	features	neutral
Sound quality , reliable product .	Sound quality	neutral
The wires fit underneath and are very easy to put in .	wires	neutral
The cable tip and AC cords are replaceable , but the cable END onto which the tip plugs , is not replaceable .	cable tip	neutral
The cable tip and AC cords are replaceable , but the cable END onto which the tip plugs , is not replaceable .	AC cords	neutral
The cable tip and AC cords are replaceable , but the cable END onto which the tip plugs , is not replaceable .	cable END	neutral
The cable tip and AC cords are replaceable , but the cable END onto which the tip plugs , is not replaceable .	tip	neutral
Audio received and given is great though .	Audio	neutral
These color changes could be a bit more pronounced , but once you cycle through a few times you should get it down .	color	neutral
Both connect right away and do n't take up any USB ports , as both are built in .	USB ports	neutral
Delivery was fast and the product came with installation Disc installed great on my Win 7 64bit OS	installation Disc	neutral
Delivery was fast and the product came with installation Disc installed great on my Win 7 64bit OS	Win 7 64bit OS	neutral
This PC comes in a nice color packing box and includes the basics : mini PC , 6 cell power pack with cords , recovery Windows CD , manuals , and a small zip bag case that feels like a rubber velvet material , cleaning cloth .	packing	neutral
This PC comes in a nice color packing box and includes the basics : mini PC , 6 cell power pack with cords , recovery Windows CD , manuals , and a small zip bag case that feels like a rubber velvet material , cleaning cloth .	6 cell power pack	neutral
This PC comes in a nice color packing box and includes the basics : mini PC , 6 cell power pack with cords , recovery Windows CD , manuals , and a small zip bag case that feels like a rubber velvet material , cleaning cloth .	recovery Windows CD	neutral
This PC comes in a nice color packing box and includes the basics : mini PC , 6 cell power pack with cords , recovery Windows CD , manuals , and a small zip bag case that feels like a rubber velvet material , cleaning cloth .	cleaning cloth	neutral
The one disadvantage I found , which may not be a problem for most , is that the power cord plugs into the left side of the unit .	power cord	neutral
The specs are pretty impressive .	specs	neutral
the product fails to do what it is supposed to ... speakers = volume / sound !	speakers	neutral
the product fails to do what it is supposed to ... speakers = volume / sound !	volume	neutral
the product fails to do what it is supposed to ... speakers = volume / sound !	sound	neutral
Needed a replacement keyboard for my laptop and this was very economical and easy to install .	keyboard	neutral
Needed a replacement keyboard for my laptop and this was very economical and easy to install .	install	neutral
From a functionality standpoint , I 'd like this product better if:1-the latches to open and close it were more comfortable to use ,	functionality	neutral
From a functionality standpoint , I 'd like this product better if:1-the latches to open and close it were more comfortable to use ,	latches	neutral
From a functionality standpoint , I 'd like this product better if:1-the latches to open and close it were more comfortable to use ,	use	neutral
The latch seems secure and it beats the small ziploc bags I used for sets of 4 previously .	latch	neutral
I paid for speed	speed	neutral
I saw someone complain about the touchpad but the sensitivity can be adjusted which makes it usable .	touchpad	neutral
I saw someone complain about the touchpad but the sensitivity can be adjusted which makes it usable .	sensitivity	neutral
The cable that runs to my computer is permanently attached to the hub .	cable	neutral
The cable that runs to my computer is permanently attached to the hub .	hub	neutral
Battery Life - I sprang for the double cell battery .	Battery Life	neutral
Battery Life - I sprang for the double cell battery .	double cell battery	neutral
The fan only worked for a month , but as the DVD drive did n't get very hot	fan	neutral
The fan only worked for a month , but as the DVD drive did n't get very hot	DVD drive	neutral
ac compatible one like ( Intel Network 7260 .	ac	neutral
ac compatible one like ( Intel Network 7260 .	Intel Network 7260	neutral
It 's a whole rigamaroll and you need a special app to do it .	app	neutral
The swivel is good and definitely makes it convenient for tight spaces .	swivel	neutral
It appears soft to the eye in most light and the smooth lightly textured surface has a softness to it .	surface	neutral
Most games I can pull a decent frame - rate of about 32 for high settings and 63 for medium settings .	frame - rate	neutral
Most games I can pull a decent frame - rate of about 32 for high settings and 63 for medium settings .	settings	neutral
A nice quality zipper gives it a solid feel .	zipper	neutral
Shipping was a little quirky .	Shipping	neutral
i bought a chromecast to use with it and they perform very well together .	chromecast	neutral
i bought a chromecast to use with it and they perform very well together .	perform	neutral
As I stated before , I 've never had a problem with the height of this mat , ever .	height	neutral
As I stated before , I 've never had a problem with the height of this mat , ever .	mat	neutral
I recently retrofitted my Samsung NC10 with an Intel 5300 dual band wireless n card and 3rd antenna , and it is solidly showing 5 bars , as is the TP Link PCI card installed in my wife 's computer upstairs .	dual band	neutral
I recently retrofitted my Samsung NC10 with an Intel 5300 dual band wireless n card and 3rd antenna , and it is solidly showing 5 bars , as is the TP Link PCI card installed in my wife 's computer upstairs .	wireless n card	neutral
I recently retrofitted my Samsung NC10 with an Intel 5300 dual band wireless n card and 3rd antenna , and it is solidly showing 5 bars , as is the TP Link PCI card installed in my wife 's computer upstairs .	antenna	neutral
I recently retrofitted my Samsung NC10 with an Intel 5300 dual band wireless n card and 3rd antenna , and it is solidly showing 5 bars , as is the TP Link PCI card installed in my wife 's computer upstairs .	TP Link PCI card	neutral
This is a good mouse , but do n't expect Razer quality .	mouse	neutral
This is a good mouse , but do n't expect Razer quality .	Razer quality	neutral
( You 'll be swearing like I do now when that happens.)There are other things like sharp edges and top lid being smaller than the bottom one making it hard to open even with both hands .	edges	neutral
This replacement keyboards solved my issue , a keyboard with an intermittently failing home .	keyboards	neutral
This replacement keyboards solved my issue , a keyboard with an intermittently failing home .	keyboard	neutral
The motherboard is made by another company ( I believe this one is an Asus ) .	motherboard	neutral
The design is elegant and quite appealing , but most of all , the TV 's outstanding performance is what I like the most ....	design	neutral
The design is elegant and quite appealing , but most of all , the TV 's outstanding performance is what I like the most ....	performance	neutral
If you 're someone who stores lots of data , a builder or a hardware guy with lots of used drives , this thing is really useful .	drives	neutral
I do n't understand why Acer would risk their reputation just to make a few dollar profits on the cheaper A4 chip .	A4 chip	neutral
If you need to type often or accurately , this is not the keyboard for you .	keyboard	neutral
There 's really not that much white on it at all ... just on the outer rim , so	rim	neutral
I used the RGB - to - RCA connector .	RGB - to - RCA connector	neutral
There are two red LED lights	LED lights	neutral
Plus I only have to carry one connector because the cell and kindle use the same connector .	connector	neutral
Plus I only have to carry one connector because the cell and kindle use the same connector .	connector	neutral
MULTI - MONITOR TIPS :	MULTI - MONITOR TIPS	neutral
Everything has worked fine and I plan to buy another 128 MB SmartMedia card shortly .	128 MB SmartMedia card	neutral
With that in mind , and after reading Speed Expert&#8217;s comments , I decided this ASUS would fill the bill .	Speed	neutral
But then , it 's really not much use to anyone else , either , because it only has a capacity for a relatively small number ofbasic words .	capacity	neutral
i was disappointed in the look also .	look	neutral
The bag is very comfortable with nicely padded shoulder straps and a nicely padded back .	shoulder straps	neutral
The bag is very comfortable with nicely padded shoulder straps and a nicely padded back .	back	neutral
The media controls above the keyboard are touch sensitive and work well .	media controls	neutral
The media controls above the keyboard are touch sensitive and work well .	keyboard	neutral
This is great for storage .	storage	neutral
However it has the unique feature of telling you	feature	neutral
Sound quality is very good - voice pickup is great , and the earphones do a great job at sound reproduction for voice calls and have pretty good quality for music too ( I fire up an MP3 every now and then).The portability is better than a Logitech over - the - ear headset I tried ( and the USB plug is n't huge like on the Logitech ) .	Sound quality	neutral
Sound quality is very good - voice pickup is great , and the earphones do a great job at sound reproduction for voice calls and have pretty good quality for music too ( I fire up an MP3 every now and then).The portability is better than a Logitech over - the - ear headset I tried ( and the USB plug is n't huge like on the Logitech ) .	voice pickup	neutral
Sound quality is very good - voice pickup is great , and the earphones do a great job at sound reproduction for voice calls and have pretty good quality for music too ( I fire up an MP3 every now and then).The portability is better than a Logitech over - the - ear headset I tried ( and the USB plug is n't huge like on the Logitech ) .	earphones	neutral
Sound quality is very good - voice pickup is great , and the earphones do a great job at sound reproduction for voice calls and have pretty good quality for music too ( I fire up an MP3 every now and then).The portability is better than a Logitech over - the - ear headset I tried ( and the USB plug is n't huge like on the Logitech ) .	sound reproduction	neutral
Sound quality is very good - voice pickup is great , and the earphones do a great job at sound reproduction for voice calls and have pretty good quality for music too ( I fire up an MP3 every now and then).The portability is better than a Logitech over - the - ear headset I tried ( and the USB plug is n't huge like on the Logitech ) .	portability	neutral
Sound quality is very good - voice pickup is great , and the earphones do a great job at sound reproduction for voice calls and have pretty good quality for music too ( I fire up an MP3 every now and then).The portability is better than a Logitech over - the - ear headset I tried ( and the USB plug is n't huge like on the Logitech ) .	USB plug	neutral
On the Download page , download and save the latest version of the software , along with all of the other info they have for download .	software	neutral
Some areas of the bag are made from a thicker , more durable type of material than others .	material	neutral
It feels like an Apple battery .	battery	neutral
This cord allows me to access my Phone and Fire as a disk drive , as well as charge my phone .	cord	neutral
This cord allows me to access my Phone and Fire as a disk drive , as well as charge my phone .	disk drive	neutral
Worst part is n't even the dropped connections , it 's the slow wifi speeds .	wifi speeds	neutral
The bottom has a soft cushion that 's soft enough for my lap without being too ' cushy ' the way bean bag type lap desks tend to be .	bottom	neutral
I do love this little thing , and I use the touchscreen much , much more than I expected to .	touchscreen	neutral
When they replace them his company uses higher quality parts than OEM and he assured me they rarely had recalls for " cap " problems on the same TVs .	parts	neutral
I will warn anyone who is considering buying one that this is not for those who need to replace their powerful PC , the lack of significant hardrive space and Chrome 's limited OS will frustrate someone coming from a Macbook pro or other $ 1000 computer .	hardrive space	neutral
I changed the rating to 3 stars because if the 3 keys that were not working had in fact worked this would have actually been a nice little item .	keys	neutral
The wires were OK however and it is a good price .	wires	neutral
The wires were OK however and it is a good price .	price	neutral
the Bluetooth and charge indicators are hidden by the iPad when it is in use .	Bluetooth	neutral
the Bluetooth and charge indicators are hidden by the iPad when it is in use .	charge indicators	neutral
While I have noticed some effect , it is certainly not worth paying a higher price .	price	neutral
This was unexpected , but then I figured that Microsoft being what Microsoft is , of course Vista partitions would n't work on XP ...	Vista partitions	neutral
This was unexpected , but then I figured that Microsoft being what Microsoft is , of course Vista partitions would n't work on XP ...	XP	neutral
Seven months later , I 'd say that my only critique of this laptop is that the touchpad can be finicky.- The best strategy price - wise	touchpad	neutral
Seven months later , I 'd say that my only critique of this laptop is that the touchpad can be finicky.- The best strategy price - wise	price	neutral
I set the volume at 50 % on the audio properties and 30 to 50 % in the audio or video player app .	volume	neutral
I set the volume at 50 % on the audio properties and 30 to 50 % in the audio or video player app .	audio properties	neutral
I set the volume at 50 % on the audio properties and 30 to 50 % in the audio or video player app .	audio or	neutral
I set the volume at 50 % on the audio properties and 30 to 50 % in the audio or video player app .	video player app	neutral
The processor is rather sluggish with the memory which is shocking considering it runs XP .	processor	neutral
The processor is rather sluggish with the memory which is shocking considering it runs XP .	memory	neutral
The processor is rather sluggish with the memory which is shocking considering it runs XP .	XP	neutral
This hard drive was storing thousands of family photos , some as from as far back as the late 1800s .	hard drive	neutral
Update 12/2/2012 - Voltage output	Voltage output	neutral
I like the padded adjustable shoulder strap and the security it gives me when carrying my valuables .	adjustable shoulder strap	neutral
my mid 2010 iMac only has USB 2 . 0 , but my laptop has 3 . 0 ) .	USB 2 . 0	neutral
It communicates with my Centurylink ( our local phone / DSL company ) wireless modem and also my Linksys wireless modem .	Centurylink	neutral
It communicates with my Centurylink ( our local phone / DSL company ) wireless modem and also my Linksys wireless modem .	Linksys wireless modem	neutral
I needed a longer cable to connect my phone to my computer and a longer charging cable	cable	neutral
I needed a longer cable to connect my phone to my computer and a longer charging cable	charging cable	neutral
I use the speakers on my laptop to watch movies / anime while doing other things .	speakers	neutral
There are actually 4 buttons in addition to the trigger , and I 'm not sure what some of them do , but I know that some of them will reactivate the mouse without sending a left - click , so try the other buttons when it stops working .	mouse	neutral
I did n't want to do that so these cables were needed and do the job !	cables	neutral
but i see why they are soft so that they wo nt scratch the glass when it is folded .	glass	neutral
Bought this to add a Bluetooth headset to my PC , it works better than the adapter that came with the headset !	Bluetooth headset	neutral
Bought this to add a Bluetooth headset to my PC , it works better than the adapter that came with the headset !	adapter	neutral
to SATA External Hard Drive Enclosureand for 2 . 5 inch laptopFor extra speaker ( s),Logitech Stereo Speakers Z120 , USB Powered ( 980 - 000524 )	SATA	neutral
to SATA External Hard Drive Enclosureand for 2 . 5 inch laptopFor extra speaker ( s),Logitech Stereo Speakers Z120 , USB Powered ( 980 - 000524 )	External Hard Drive Enclosureand	neutral
to SATA External Hard Drive Enclosureand for 2 . 5 inch laptopFor extra speaker ( s),Logitech Stereo Speakers Z120 , USB Powered ( 980 - 000524 )	speaker	neutral
to SATA External Hard Drive Enclosureand for 2 . 5 inch laptopFor extra speaker ( s),Logitech Stereo Speakers Z120 , USB Powered ( 980 - 000524 )	Stereo Speakers	neutral
to SATA External Hard Drive Enclosureand for 2 . 5 inch laptopFor extra speaker ( s),Logitech Stereo Speakers Z120 , USB Powered ( 980 - 000524 )	USB	neutral
I tried and after 15 minutes or longer , the error message " format was unsuccessful " appeared .	format	neutral
It would be helpful if the on / off indicator light was on the outside .	on / off indicator light	neutral
I inserted two AAA batteries , the dongle into my ThinkPad T61 running Windows XP .	dongle	neutral
I inserted two AAA batteries , the dongle into my ThinkPad T61 running Windows XP .	Windows XP	neutral
The design is just that good !	design	neutral
Not only are the mouse buttons positioned badly on the sides of the touch sensor ... but the size of the buttons are super thin and tiny .	mouse buttons	neutral
Not only are the mouse buttons positioned badly on the sides of the touch sensor ... but the size of the buttons are super thin and tiny .	touch sensor	neutral
Not only are the mouse buttons positioned badly on the sides of the touch sensor ... but the size of the buttons are super thin and tiny .	size	neutral
Not only are the mouse buttons positioned badly on the sides of the touch sensor ... but the size of the buttons are super thin and tiny .	buttons	neutral
This bluetooth speaker has better fidelity than I would have expected .	bluetooth speaker	neutral
This bluetooth speaker has better fidelity than I would have expected .	fidelity	neutral
It 's well - made -- the zipper pulls & strap hardware are all metal , not plastic like my last bag .	zipper pulls	neutral
It 's well - made -- the zipper pulls & strap hardware are all metal , not plastic like my last bag .	strap hardware	neutral
I use this to diagnose charger issues in the shop .	charger	neutral
This adapter works great , much better than a name brand that cost twice as much .	adapter	neutral
This adapter works great , much better than a name brand that cost twice as much .	cost	neutral
It runs NFS :	NFS	neutral
Nice looking , lightweight and with many useful features , this backpack has much to recommend it .	features	neutral
We were using this on a Mac and could n't get a low volume .	volume	neutral
I purchased the OSD after my Neuros Recorder 2 stopped working .	OSD	neutral
All of a sudden I 'm able to back up files from my USB onto my external hard drive on - the - go , without the need of a PC or Mac .	USB	neutral
All of a sudden I 'm able to back up files from my USB onto my external hard drive on - the - go , without the need of a PC or Mac .	external hard drive	neutral
If you ca n't do that , then a quieter drive would be better .	drive	neutral
It works great , this item is for my brother .	works	neutral
I am also delighted that the trackpad is positioned such that I do n't have any stray hits on it while using the spacebar .	trackpad	neutral
I am also delighted that the trackpad is positioned such that I do n't have any stray hits on it while using the spacebar .	spacebar	neutral
My only complaint ( hence the 4/5 stars ) is that the way the camera is attached on the clip it is limited in movement .	camera	neutral
My only complaint ( hence the 4/5 stars ) is that the way the camera is attached on the clip it is limited in movement .	clip	neutral
This case is small , light , and has all the well - thought - out pockets and area to store everything .	pockets	neutral
The performance for basic functions is greatCons ( all minor):- They partitioned the hard drive into about 120 GB for the C drive and 150 GB for the backup D drive ( with only 100 MB of files on it ) .	performance	neutral
The performance for basic functions is greatCons ( all minor):- They partitioned the hard drive into about 120 GB for the C drive and 150 GB for the backup D drive ( with only 100 MB of files on it ) .	hard drive	neutral
The performance for basic functions is greatCons ( all minor):- They partitioned the hard drive into about 120 GB for the C drive and 150 GB for the backup D drive ( with only 100 MB of files on it ) .	C drive	neutral
The performance for basic functions is greatCons ( all minor):- They partitioned the hard drive into about 120 GB for the C drive and 150 GB for the backup D drive ( with only 100 MB of files on it ) .	D drive	neutral
I have the 500 GB version .	500 GB	neutral
It does have some sort of equalizer / bass boost button , which can make things sound better than without it .	equalizer	neutral
It does have some sort of equalizer / bass boost button , which can make things sound better than without it .	bass boost button	neutral
The strength is is the cloth , so the bag is still totally functional .	cloth	neutral
BUT -- then you add in the bundled software	bundled software	neutral
I was a little skeptical of USB speakers , but as usual , Altec Lansing makes the best sound equipment around .	USB speakers	neutral
I was a little skeptical of USB speakers , but as usual , Altec Lansing makes the best sound equipment around .	sound	neutral
Ancient laptop has become a desktop for kids with a monitor and keyboard , needed to replace the mouse .	monitor	neutral
Ancient laptop has become a desktop for kids with a monitor and keyboard , needed to replace the mouse .	keyboard	neutral
Ancient laptop has become a desktop for kids with a monitor and keyboard , needed to replace the mouse .	mouse	neutral
The edges of my Lenovo Yoga 2 Pro , 13 . 3 in stretched through the rounded corners of the case so much that it left them with no protection .	edges	neutral
The edges of my Lenovo Yoga 2 Pro , 13 . 3 in stretched through the rounded corners of the case so much that it left them with no protection .	case	neutral
Definitely the built quality is way superior than my dell pc , the screen is awesome , the battery lasts for 5 - 6 hours on medium usage , can go for it if you want to spend that extra money , you wo n't be disappointed .	built quality	neutral
Definitely the built quality is way superior than my dell pc , the screen is awesome , the battery lasts for 5 - 6 hours on medium usage , can go for it if you want to spend that extra money , you wo n't be disappointed .	screen	neutral
Definitely the built quality is way superior than my dell pc , the screen is awesome , the battery lasts for 5 - 6 hours on medium usage , can go for it if you want to spend that extra money , you wo n't be disappointed .	battery	neutral
They do n't update their drivers , so if you 're going to upgrade to Windows 8 when it comes out be prepared to buy a new machine .	drivers	neutral
They do n't update their drivers , so if you 're going to upgrade to Windows 8 when it comes out be prepared to buy a new machine .	Windows 8	neutral
The mouse has an ergonomic design and a soft touch finish that feels nice in your hand .	mouse	neutral
The mouse has an ergonomic design and a soft touch finish that feels nice in your hand .	design	neutral
Seems to work perfectly fine , and this is coming from a macbook owner .. the mother of all trackpads .	trackpads	neutral
This battery will last about three hours on my Toshiba , and is good for every day use .	battery	neutral
Very big charger component .	charger component	neutral
All your products are of the best quality and durability .	quality	neutral
All your products are of the best quality and durability .	durability	neutral
I tried all sorts of tweaking with the monitor and my computer	monitor	neutral
This little pad is great , just need to order another fan set	pad	neutral
This little pad is great , just need to order another fan set	fan set	neutral
Within six weeks , the hard drive on the new one failed completely and was replaced .	hard drive	neutral
The cool - running Penryn processor is peppy and highly efficient , and I appreciate that it still has an ExpressCard/32 slot ( which I can populate with an SD reader , if I like ) while the rest of the line went over to a fixed SD port .	Penryn processor	neutral
The cool - running Penryn processor is peppy and highly efficient , and I appreciate that it still has an ExpressCard/32 slot ( which I can populate with an SD reader , if I like ) while the rest of the line went over to a fixed SD port .	ExpressCard/32 slot	neutral
The cool - running Penryn processor is peppy and highly efficient , and I appreciate that it still has an ExpressCard/32 slot ( which I can populate with an SD reader , if I like ) while the rest of the line went over to a fixed SD port .	SD reader	neutral
The cool - running Penryn processor is peppy and highly efficient , and I appreciate that it still has an ExpressCard/32 slot ( which I can populate with an SD reader , if I like ) while the rest of the line went over to a fixed SD port .	SD port	neutral
I was able to play online poker for about an hour and a half on battery power before getting a low battery warning .	battery power	neutral
I was able to play online poker for about an hour and a half on battery power before getting a low battery warning .	battery warning	neutral
To my surprise , this power supply only had a 4-pin motherboard connector , and my mainboard needed an 8-pin power connection .	power supply	neutral
To my surprise , this power supply only had a 4-pin motherboard connector , and my mainboard needed an 8-pin power connection .	4-pin	neutral
To my surprise , this power supply only had a 4-pin motherboard connector , and my mainboard needed an 8-pin power connection .	motherboard connector	neutral
To my surprise , this power supply only had a 4-pin motherboard connector , and my mainboard needed an 8-pin power connection .	mainboard	neutral
To my surprise , this power supply only had a 4-pin motherboard connector , and my mainboard needed an 8-pin power connection .	8-pin power connection	neutral
The battery that came with my little Asus netbook was junk .	battery	neutral
Whenever this mouse finally dies , I know my next one will be Kensington .	mouse	neutral
If you 'd like an Ipad - like device but need a full keyboard , too , or you need to stick with the Microsoft operating system , than this is a very good choice overall .	keyboard	neutral
If you 'd like an Ipad - like device but need a full keyboard , too , or you need to stick with the Microsoft operating system , than this is a very good choice overall .	Microsoft operating system	neutral
Not only was I told that they would take care of the problem , but also they wanted to know the reason for the damage so that they could improve the quality of their product .	quality	neutral
Very easy to move files to and from the Tab ... copy and paste from computer using windows!-1Ghz processor works great for most of your needs ...	windows!-1Ghz	neutral
Very easy to move files to and from the Tab ... copy and paste from computer using windows!-1Ghz processor works great for most of your needs ...	processor	neutral
this cd burner does n't say that it will not perform lightscribe burning , and that is why i bought it .	cd burner	neutral
this cd burner does n't say that it will not perform lightscribe burning , and that is why i bought it .	lightscribe burning	neutral
After Testing out the small Jambox the couple other speakers I opted to go with the Soundkick .	Soundkick	neutral
The sound overall was really medicore by itself and needed some help from several EQ apps I downloaded to my devices ( sound reminded me of my old Motorola EQ5 BT speaker ) .	sound	neutral
The sound overall was really medicore by itself and needed some help from several EQ apps I downloaded to my devices ( sound reminded me of my old Motorola EQ5 BT speaker ) .	sound	neutral
The laptop pocket is way too big to hold ' todays ' notebooks in a snug manner .	laptop pocket	neutral
The instructions do not tell you how to get into the battery compartment .	instructions	neutral
The instructions do not tell you how to get into the battery compartment .	battery compartment	neutral
The directions say the desktop will automatically start and transfer the audio recordings .	directions	neutral
The quality may not be the best , but since I only use it about once a month when I have to take my iPad somewhere with me	quality	neutral
There is nearly 25 GB of preloaded software , and I removed about 50 % of which I do n't care to use or have acquired previously .	preloaded software	neutral
I used it with the drive from my Lenovo Thinkpad ( Ultrabay ) .	drive	neutral
I purchased and returned several 3rd party replacements that would not hold a significant charge before I bought this one .	charge	neutral
She now gets about 2-hours of hard work per charge	charge	neutral
I have n't run into any problems with this charger .	charger	neutral
Fast transfers , no issues with reliability or the head being damaged .	transfers	neutral
Fast transfers , no issues with reliability or the head being damaged .	reliability	neutral
Fast transfers , no issues with reliability or the head being damaged .	head	neutral
I needed this for a business trip because my full size laptop needs service .	service	neutral
The keyboard looked nice , felt nice , but there 's something wrong with the design	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard looked nice , felt nice , but there 's something wrong with the design	design	neutral
The case has a nice feel to it and wo n't slip from your grip .	case	neutral
I have been able to install software and burn files and documents from the computer .... exactly what I expected ! !	software	neutral
The unit is made of fairly cheap plastic which if you are just looking at it , you really do n't notice it .	plastic	neutral
I sent them an email before I bought this battery as I was n't sure it would fit my Gateway that I purchased fro HSN a year ago on a special deal .	battery	neutral
Today , I plugged the Kinivo back to my laptop ... and it instantly recognized my MonsterHD speaker .	MonsterHD speaker	neutral
8 with the hood reversed also fits .	hood	neutral
As a hiker always trying to cut down on the weight in the pack .	weight	neutral
I took it out of the package , changed to the included low profile bracket for my low profile HTPC .	low	neutral
I could n't move more than 5 feet from my PC before audio on my headphones would start to stutter , so I plugged it into a USB extension and now this adapter sits on top of my desk just underneath my monitor .	audio	neutral
I could n't move more than 5 feet from my PC before audio on my headphones would start to stutter , so I plugged it into a USB extension and now this adapter sits on top of my desk just underneath my monitor .	USB extension	neutral
However , I off - loadfiles to an external USB hard drive , as I believe it is unwise to clutter notebook drives excessively .	external USB hard drive	neutral
Actually not a big deal assuming the price of the unit .	price	neutral
Thanks for the quick shipping too !	shipping	neutral
THIS COVER FITTED MY TABLET PERFECTLY AND THE KEYBOARD WORKS GREAT .	KEYBOARD	neutral
All chargers for cell phones and iPad etc worked just great .	chargers	neutral
Though it does allow me to play the music on phone , I ca n't sync it with Windows Media Player which is what I wanted bluetooth for in the first place .	Windows Media Player	neutral
Though it does allow me to play the music on phone , I ca n't sync it with Windows Media Player which is what I wanted bluetooth for in the first place .	bluetooth	neutral
Make sure that you are running Windows 32 bit ( my tower is and I get wonderful volumne on it ) .	Windows 32 bit	neutral
This cooling unit works well and is very quiet .	cooling unit	neutral
Plugged my ps3 in the master outlet- monitor and speakers come on right when I turn on the ps3 and everything turns off when i shutdown the ps3 .	monitor	neutral
Plugged my ps3 in the master outlet- monitor and speakers come on right when I turn on the ps3 and everything turns off when i shutdown the ps3 .	speakers	neutral
One of the zipper handles broke to an outside compartment within a week .	zipper handles	neutral
The laptop runs both OSs perfectly .	OSs	neutral
This keyboard is a little bit cheap in build , but since Apple no longer makes the wired mini keyboard , this is one of the few options left .	keyboard	neutral
This keyboard is a little bit cheap in build , but since Apple no longer makes the wired mini keyboard , this is one of the few options left .	build	neutral
This keyboard is a little bit cheap in build , but since Apple no longer makes the wired mini keyboard , this is one of the few options left .	wired mini keyboard	neutral
It extends the wireless by at least 100 feet .	wireless	neutral
This happened to me both times and as well , both times the laser pointer did NOT work .	laser pointer	neutral
I tried this with Fedora Core 20 and was only able to get the network working .	Fedora Core 20	neutral
I tried this with Fedora Core 20 and was only able to get the network working .	network	neutral
Two years later and the 9 cell battery is still working .	9 cell battery	neutral
Why is the pin side of the plug on the laptop side ?	pin side	neutral
Why is the pin side of the plug on the laptop side ?	plug	neutral
I 'm rating this a 3/5 because I have connection issues .	connection	neutral
They must be clearing these out because at this price these cards are a steal .	price	neutral
For the price I really should n't complain	price	neutral
I just ca n't use a small mouse since I like to cup the mouse in my palm .	mouse	neutral
I just ca n't use a small mouse since I like to cup the mouse in my palm .	mouse	neutral
What has n't been improved is battery life - despite the new Intel platform it 's actually slightly worse .	battery life	neutral
What has n't been improved is battery life - despite the new Intel platform it 's actually slightly worse .	Intel platform	neutral
The plug is about the usual in terms of size , which can be an issue with some wall mounted HDTVs , but my Panasonic has the VGA jack on the side .	plug	neutral
The plug is about the usual in terms of size , which can be an issue with some wall mounted HDTVs , but my Panasonic has the VGA jack on the side .	size	neutral
The plug is about the usual in terms of size , which can be an issue with some wall mounted HDTVs , but my Panasonic has the VGA jack on the side .	VGA jack	neutral
HMWWB Centrino WiFi Card Half Mini PCI Express Advanced - N 6235 Dual Band Bluetooth .	Dual Band Bluetooth	neutral
But , the keyboard may not connect automatically when turned - on , though it will show as still being paired .	keyboard	neutral
Cons:- the is the major issue - the velcro trip for securing the outer flap stopped being effecting after a few months .	velcro trip	neutral
Cons:- the is the major issue - the velcro trip for securing the outer flap stopped being effecting after a few months .	outer flap	neutral
1 . 1 star off , simply because of quality .	quality	neutral
You can fit quite a lot of small things in this backpack but it bulges and is not ' square ' with what it fits ; for example if you load it with textbooks you will run out of space far faster than you realize .	space	neutral
I figured out that I had to change settings in the camera to have it work .	camera	neutral
The keyboard is backlit , with what appears to be a single LED under each keycap , making it bright and easy to see .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard is backlit , with what appears to be a single LED under each keycap , making it bright and easy to see .	keycap	neutral
I can read in bed with this length too if I forget to charge and have it charging while I am reading .	length	neutral
I can read in bed with this length too if I forget to charge and have it charging while I am reading .	charge	neutral
I can read in bed with this length too if I forget to charge and have it charging while I am reading .	charging	neutral
Making it one less thing I have to worry about packing .	packing	neutral
Audio works great .	Audio	neutral
And like many people , I 'm trying to pare down the amount and size of the " stuff " I have .	size	neutral
The best feature I find is the battery life .	feature	neutral
The best feature I find is the battery life .	battery life	neutral
Back - lit Keyboard , High end non - plasticy shell , Great for HD Video Chats , Acer .	Keyboard	neutral
The aforementioned product DEFINITELY does NOT perform as reasonably expected .	perform	neutral
The construction feels cheaper , but it does n't get too warm .	construction	neutral
I like this bag , but I really wish it had more and better - designed outside pockets .	outside pockets	neutral
I was relieved to find that the price was n't astronomical , but it was still disappointing that I had to buy a replacement in the first place .	price	neutral
I did not want to take a chance on " possibly " being satisfied with a slower drive , and I felt more confidant with a company that had already established themselves with SSD drives and were releasing a 2nd generation drive that improved upon what seems to the the industry standard .	drive	neutral
I did not want to take a chance on " possibly " being satisfied with a slower drive , and I felt more confidant with a company that had already established themselves with SSD drives and were releasing a 2nd generation drive that improved upon what seems to the the industry standard .	SSD drives	neutral
I did not want to take a chance on " possibly " being satisfied with a slower drive , and I felt more confidant with a company that had already established themselves with SSD drives and were releasing a 2nd generation drive that improved upon what seems to the the industry standard .	drive	neutral
I built my computer with an Intel Quad Core 9650 , 8 GB 1066mhz	Intel Quad Core 9650	neutral
( without Cooler Master Stand the puter runs at 75 % to 80 % of max for both internal fan speed and temp .	Cooler Master Stand	neutral
( without Cooler Master Stand the puter runs at 75 % to 80 % of max for both internal fan speed and temp .	internal fan speed	neutral
( without Cooler Master Stand the puter runs at 75 % to 80 % of max for both internal fan speed and temp .	temp	neutral
I actually got these to use with a laser light device that uses this type of battery , and these worked fine , so I would presume they work for any hearing aid or other device designed to use this size / type of battery .	battery	neutral
I actually got these to use with a laser light device that uses this type of battery , and these worked fine , so I would presume they work for any hearing aid or other device designed to use this size / type of battery .	size	neutral
I actually got these to use with a laser light device that uses this type of battery , and these worked fine , so I would presume they work for any hearing aid or other device designed to use this size / type of battery .	battery	neutral
Only complaint is you have to manually turn it on / off each time although the description says auto on with usb power , that function did n't seem to work for me .	usb power	neutral
Only complaint is you have to manually turn it on / off each time although the description says auto on with usb power , that function did n't seem to work for me .	function	neutral
My first was a stand for my iPod touch .	stand	neutral
If you do n't have that capability , then what advantage is there over a pure tablet?$$	capability	neutral
USB receivers should probably not be used as a permanent solution .	USB receivers	neutral
I can not comment as to battery life as I rarely use it over half an hour unplugged but my meter still shows about 90 % capacity left over that time .	battery life	neutral
I can not comment as to battery life as I rarely use it over half an hour unplugged but my meter still shows about 90 % capacity left over that time .	capacity	neutral
Cabling is flexible and they stay connected , even upside down .	Cabling	neutral
Have not had one problem with this laptop runs smooth as silk .	runs	neutral
Installed it per instructions on a desktop computer running Windows 7 and after entering the network password , I was recognized as a client on the network with very good signal strength and access to the internet .	Windows 7	neutral
Installed it per instructions on a desktop computer running Windows 7 and after entering the network password , I was recognized as a client on the network with very good signal strength and access to the internet .	signal strength	neutral
The filter holder really helps a lot as it fits my Cokin P series filters , the filter holder , and also the round filters .	filter holder	neutral
The filter holder really helps a lot as it fits my Cokin P series filters , the filter holder , and also the round filters .	filter holder	neutral
The filter holder really helps a lot as it fits my Cokin P series filters , the filter holder , and also the round filters .	round filters	neutral
I used it to answer a call on my cell phone , and the clarity of the sound was very good .	clarity	neutral
I used it to answer a call on my cell phone , and the clarity of the sound was very good .	sound	neutral
It is light ; the screen is easy to read and very bright , and everything else about it is perfect for my needs .	screen	neutral
This is not some cheap / flimsy cable .	cable	neutral
If you 're just using this to work in OS X , and do n't need to do anything else .	OS X	neutral
Now I wo n't have to hunt for keys at night .	keys	neutral
I did n't have high hopes for this when I ordered it since it was priced as cheap as it was , but man was I wrong .	priced	neutral
This adaptor fits and converts perfectly and installs in seconds .	adaptor	neutral
Time from order confirmation to setup was 9 days .	setup	neutral
Decent webcam .	webcam	neutral
I stepped on the last adapter and i ca nt have wires running out too far or it will be devoured by vicious bunny rabbits .	wires	neutral
I plugged the USB wireless adapter into the R36 before plugging in the R36 to power it up .	USB wireless adapter	neutral
It 's got a very sleek , appealing design .	design	neutral
As I read the reviews I noticed a trend regarding this Corsair RAM upgrade .	Corsair RAM upgrade	neutral
At that point the USPS guy handed off my item to my neighbor in front of me , even when I said & # 34;Its Mine&#34;. USPS is a poor excuse for service .	USPS guy	neutral
At that point the USPS guy handed off my item to my neighbor in front of me , even when I said & # 34;Its Mine&#34;. USPS is a poor excuse for service .	service	neutral
The battery original is damge for used .	battery	neutral
monitor3 USB 's 2 in device , and one in AC adapter for charging of devicesTouchscreen is the only way to go with Windows 8Cons :	monitor3	neutral
monitor3 USB 's 2 in device , and one in AC adapter for charging of devicesTouchscreen is the only way to go with Windows 8Cons :	USB 's	neutral
monitor3 USB 's 2 in device , and one in AC adapter for charging of devicesTouchscreen is the only way to go with Windows 8Cons :	AC adapter	neutral
monitor3 USB 's 2 in device , and one in AC adapter for charging of devicesTouchscreen is the only way to go with Windows 8Cons :	Windows 8Cons	neutral
I guess you ca n't argue with the price .	price	neutral
The main problem I see is that it does n't seem to hold its charge for I long period of time .	charge	neutral
I called tech support and was assured that all I needed to do was enter the key number from my Word Home / Student program to get the unit up to speed ( so to speak ) .	tech support	neutral
I called tech support and was assured that all I needed to do was enter the key number from my Word Home / Student program to get the unit up to speed ( so to speak ) .	Word Home	neutral
I called tech support and was assured that all I needed to do was enter the key number from my Word Home / Student program to get the unit up to speed ( so to speak ) .	speed	neutral
the only reason why people might have issues if they are using with an andriod device is because the software might not be capable of running the hardware your plugging into it .	software	neutral
the only reason why people might have issues if they are using with an andriod device is because the software might not be capable of running the hardware your plugging into it .	hardware	neutral
Wirelesss setup was also very easy .	Wirelesss setup	neutral
The little rubber cushions underneath the keyboard keeps it in place while typing , another plus .	rubber cushions	neutral
The little rubber cushions underneath the keyboard keeps it in place while typing , another plus .	keyboard	neutral
My only drawback and the reason for the 4 stars is that the laptop comes with a built - in dvd player instead of a blu - ray .	blu - ray	neutral
Works like a charm .	Works	neutral
It works fine farther away from the USB port , too .	USB port	neutral
: The drivers for this device are not installed .	drivers	neutral
Good size for basic computing ( no gaming , etc . )	size	neutral
Good size for basic computing ( no gaming , etc . )	gaming	neutral
I think the main problem is walls block the signal .	signal	neutral
Good Battery , worked great right out of the box .	Battery	neutral
The only benefit of the non - wireless version is no hassle with battery .	non - wireless version	neutral
The only benefit of the non - wireless version is no hassle with battery .	battery	neutral
I find the touch keyboard difficult to work with ( although Swiftkey helps a lot ) .	touch keyboard	neutral
I find the touch keyboard difficult to work with ( although Swiftkey helps a lot ) .	Swiftkey	neutral
This generic drive installed quickly and within 20 minutes , Windows 7 was installed and Windows updating from microsoft .	Windows 7	neutral
This generic drive installed quickly and within 20 minutes , Windows 7 was installed and Windows updating from microsoft .	Windows	neutral
but you would not have to have a back pack if you carried this .	back pack	neutral
Solid metal build of main case.-- Attractive little thing that feels and looks like a miniature book ( with a rounded binding )	metal build	neutral
decent mouse but CONSUMES batteries like crazy .	mouse	neutral
decent mouse but CONSUMES batteries like crazy .	batteries	neutral
But it can still run graphically demanding ( and fast - twitch ) games pretty well , if you tune the game settings a bit .	games	neutral
But it can still run graphically demanding ( and fast - twitch ) games pretty well , if you tune the game settings a bit .	game	neutral
It charged the keyboard like always and was recongnized by both the computer and the keyboard without any issue .	keyboard	neutral
It charged the keyboard like always and was recongnized by both the computer and the keyboard without any issue .	keyboard	neutral
I connected a terabyte hard drive through the USB port .	USB port	neutral
I really wanted to like this keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
It also has a Gigabit Ethernet port for a hard wired connection , and increasing network speed for any data transfers .	Gigabit Ethernet port	neutral
It also has a Gigabit Ethernet port for a hard wired connection , and increasing network speed for any data transfers .	hard wired connection	neutral
It also has a Gigabit Ethernet port for a hard wired connection , and increasing network speed for any data transfers .	network speed	neutral
I thought it was because of the signal .	signal	neutral
I was absolutely delighted with the quality of the sound which was much better than that of the Audigy , which was very good .	sound	neutral
I guess the only bad thing it has is Windows Vista , but it 's not their fault .	Windows Vista	neutral
This is a very reliable and trustworthy Flash drive , it has never failed on me , unlike a couple of Kingston drives that my friends have .	Flash drive	neutral
As someone said below , the SSD can be upgraded / replaced if you purchase a kit .	SSD	neutral
At volume turned halfway up , the sound became scratchy in one speaker .	volume	neutral
At volume turned halfway up , the sound became scratchy in one speaker .	sound	neutral
Unlike other electronic items I 've owned the attached rubber protective caps for the inputs on the back	rubber protective caps for the inputs	neutral
I looked down and saw that the light on the supply was off .	supply	neutral
I purchased this for my mother - in - law 's laptop whose battery would no longer hold a charge .	battery	neutral
I purchased this for my mother - in - law 's laptop whose battery would no longer hold a charge .	charge	neutral
I installed the driver from the CD that came with the item .	driver	neutral
I do have to pull the zipper area up and over it to get it closed	zipper area	neutral
I had some small issues putting it inside , as IDE socket did not have any space on top of it , and laptop had a plank on the top , had to bend it a bit to make it fit .	IDE socket	neutral
Has a smooth , rubbery feel and is more of a & # 34;frosty&#34 ; look rather than clear .	look	neutral
Most ultras come with only 256 Mb at most ( and generally use an SSD ) , but this drive gives one 500 Mb of storage .	SSD	neutral
Most ultras come with only 256 Mb at most ( and generally use an SSD ) , but this drive gives one 500 Mb of storage .	drive	neutral
The computer ( palm rests and lid ) is a total smudge magnet because of their " plastic - y " material .	palm rests	neutral
The computer ( palm rests and lid ) is a total smudge magnet because of their " plastic - y " material .	lid	neutral
The computer ( palm rests and lid ) is a total smudge magnet because of their " plastic - y " material .	material	neutral
This mouse contains two bluetooth devices which are paired separately .	mouse	neutral
This mouse contains two bluetooth devices which are paired separately .	bluetooth devices	neutral
This is a great backpack and it have the perfect size .	size	neutral
, it 's quiet , it keeps the Core i-7 cool , the laptop does n't slide all over it like it did on the Belkin and Logitech coolers , the trademark blue - lighted Cooler Master fan looks cool AND the USB power cord PLUGS IN AT BOTH ENDS	Core i-7	neutral
, it 's quiet , it keeps the Core i-7 cool , the laptop does n't slide all over it like it did on the Belkin and Logitech coolers , the trademark blue - lighted Cooler Master fan looks cool AND the USB power cord PLUGS IN AT BOTH ENDS	Cooler Master fan	neutral
, it 's quiet , it keeps the Core i-7 cool , the laptop does n't slide all over it like it did on the Belkin and Logitech coolers , the trademark blue - lighted Cooler Master fan looks cool AND the USB power cord PLUGS IN AT BOTH ENDS	USB power cord	neutral
I also feel it is a good value especially with the quality touchscreen .	touchscreen	neutral
The front zippered little area for pens and note pad is not as useful to me as perhaps other people may find it .	pens	neutral
But on the Yoga , Windows 8 rocks .	Windows 8	neutral
No extra wiring as I can play it from via a single wire ( splitting into USB and 3 . 5 jack ) .	wiring	neutral
No extra wiring as I can play it from via a single wire ( splitting into USB and 3 . 5 jack ) .	USB	neutral
I never expect much out of speakers , and when you are as spoiled as I am having Acer 5 .	speakers	neutral
The two sided tape is super strong and almost impossible to remove .	two sided tape	neutral
This tablet only costs $ 499 direct from Dell , no idea why its listed here for so much more	costs	neutral
Well , it was n't getting slower , but software was getting bigger and more bloated , so it ran slower .	software	neutral
The keyboard layout has been change to remove these three needed and very useful keys .	keyboard layout	neutral
The keyboard layout has been change to remove these three needed and very useful keys .	keys	neutral
it 's not easy to " pop the tabs " which fit very tightly , and the plastic is rigid and hard and not flexible .	tabs	neutral
it 's not easy to " pop the tabs " which fit very tightly , and the plastic is rigid and hard and not flexible .	plastic	neutral
Power supply connector is special .	Power supply connector	neutral
If you were only using it as a reading stand for ebooks and not touching the screen very much than I guess it would be ok .	screen	neutral
Yes , it does not have all 26 letters on each wheel ,	wheel	neutral
PHYSICAL REVIEW :	PHYSICAL	neutral
When I saw a cooler pad that 's this cheap , I had to wonder if it was even going to work - and from all the reviews , I was a bit scared at first .	cooler pad	neutral
I got the iBook back	iBook	neutral
The second is the location of the USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
iClean worked like a charm .	iClean	neutral
TRANSFERRING THE OPERATING SYSTEM TO THE NEW SSD ( Option 1 )	OPERATING SYSTEM	neutral
TRANSFERRING THE OPERATING SYSTEM TO THE NEW SSD ( Option 1 )	SSD	neutral
The ONLY frown here ( and this is only a frown if you want to keep the system on your nightstand ) is the blinking light indicating that the phone is charged and the bluetooth active , but if this really bothers you , you can just put a sticker or piece of tape over the light like I did .	system	neutral
Closing the cover should kill the BT .	cover	neutral
so things like your wireless mouse USB can safely sit in the USB port without potentially damaging pressure .	wireless mouse USB	neutral
so things like your wireless mouse USB can safely sit in the USB port without potentially damaging pressure .	USB port	neutral
Not much to it - the USB is nice to have .	USB	neutral
the external USB plug - in for an external hard drive makes it an instant wired network .	external USB plug - in for an	neutral
the external USB plug - in for an external hard drive makes it an instant wired network .	external hard drive	neutral
Since flash memory is always improving , no point in paying top dollar for something that 'll be surpassed soon .	flash memory	neutral
I dabbled shortly with a 4 GB Kingston Data Traveler , but the flimsy plastic loop on it broke within 48 hrs of use , and now sits unused in a desk drawer .	plastic loop	neutral
At the beginning I had a little bit trouble using the configuration utility supplied with the card .	configuration utility	neutral
At the beginning I had a little bit trouble using the configuration utility supplied with the card .	card	neutral
And the cord for the Netbook .	cord	neutral
I think it is probably the best looking quality ! ! !	quality	neutral
Good price , good quality , no problems .	price	neutral
Good price , good quality , no problems .	quality	neutral
This product is the best dvd usb drive you can get !	dvd usb drive	neutral
Really easy to install .	install	neutral
My only issue is the keyboard spacing , I wish the keys were n't so cramped .	keyboard spacing	neutral
My only issue is the keyboard spacing , I wish the keys were n't so cramped .	keys	neutral
I use a USB cellular internet and GPS combo card most of the day on my unit and have found it takes 2 . 5 watts to run it thus reducing the runtime using the internal 802 .	USB cellular internet and GPS combo card	neutral
I use a USB cellular internet and GPS combo card most of the day on my unit and have found it takes 2 . 5 watts to run it thus reducing the runtime using the internal 802 .	runtime	neutral
I use a USB cellular internet and GPS combo card most of the day on my unit and have found it takes 2 . 5 watts to run it thus reducing the runtime using the internal 802 .	internal 802	neutral
I could not get a clear signal .	signal	neutral
Hi - Definition Audio CODECMicrophone Digital Array MicrophonesCard Reader : 1 x 8-in-1 card reader : MMC , SD / SDHC , Mini - SD , MS , MS - Pro , MS - Duo , MS Pro - Duo ,	Hi - Definition Audio CODECMicrophone Digital Array MicrophonesCard Reader	neutral
Hi - Definition Audio CODECMicrophone Digital Array MicrophonesCard Reader : 1 x 8-in-1 card reader : MMC , SD / SDHC , Mini - SD , MS , MS - Pro , MS - Duo , MS Pro - Duo ,	card reader	neutral
Hi - Definition Audio CODECMicrophone Digital Array MicrophonesCard Reader : 1 x 8-in-1 card reader : MMC , SD / SDHC , Mini - SD , MS , MS - Pro , MS - Duo , MS Pro - Duo ,	MS - Duo	neutral
Hi - Definition Audio CODECMicrophone Digital Array MicrophonesCard Reader : 1 x 8-in-1 card reader : MMC , SD / SDHC , Mini - SD , MS , MS - Pro , MS - Duo , MS Pro - Duo ,	MS Pro -	neutral
The only complicated thing about it was the directions -- ignore them .	directions	neutral
This is a great little keyboard and it was a very close call between this one and the other Sharkk , but ultimately I chose the other one .	keyboard	neutral
The CEO positions his service as an advancement vs. the " first generation [ of support ] in which people either came to your house ( some even took pictures of your kids ) , you left your computer off at a store for a week giving the techs complete access , or you sat and watched for 3 hours while someone had complete access remotely .	service	neutral
The CEO positions his service as an advancement vs. the " first generation [ of support ] in which people either came to your house ( some even took pictures of your kids ) , you left your computer off at a store for a week giving the techs complete access , or you sat and watched for 3 hours while someone had complete access remotely .	support	neutral
The CEO positions his service as an advancement vs. the " first generation [ of support ] in which people either came to your house ( some even took pictures of your kids ) , you left your computer off at a store for a week giving the techs complete access , or you sat and watched for 3 hours while someone had complete access remotely .	techs	neutral
However , once you get it home and try to use it , a few design flaws become apparent , and then quickly grow to be annoying .	design	neutral
For the price [ $ 35 ] , it 's a great deal .	price	neutral
It 's a charger and it charges .	charger	neutral
It 's a charger and it charges .	charges	neutral
Samsung tried literally to reinvent the wheel and failed miserably .	wheel	neutral
I do n't need another backpack or another sling bag .	sling	neutral
After installation , none of my USB devices worked , including keyboard and mouse .	USB devices	neutral
After installation , none of my USB devices worked , including keyboard and mouse .	keyboard	neutral
After installation , none of my USB devices worked , including keyboard and mouse .	mouse	neutral
Suddenly what one reviewer here discribed as the " Cadillac of laptops " could be had for the price of a Chevy .	price	neutral
But if you 're in the market for a quality sleeve that is n't made of cheap - quality neoprene , this should work nicely .	sleeve	neutral
Got it before expected , easy to set up 2ms response is great .	set up	neutral
If I adjust the balance all the way to the right , no sound comes out at all .	sound	neutral
The " cradle " is just odd because you ca n't use it while charging , unless you put your phone in upside down !	cradle "	neutral
The " cradle " is just odd because you ca n't use it while charging , unless you put your phone in upside down !	charging	neutral
The keyboard seems nice and responsive , as does the touchpad which is not multitouch by the way .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard seems nice and responsive , as does the touchpad which is not multitouch by the way .	touchpad	neutral
I was originally looking to buy a couple audio splitters , but came across these piggyback cables .	audio splitters	neutral
After reading my Sandisk warranty , by the way , I was not impressed .	Sandisk warranty	neutral
The retractable 10 " cable makes it ideal for laptops and other portable devices ( netbooks , tablet computers , etc . )	retractable 10 " cable	neutral
My ventures into the electronics shops to play with the Macbook brought me into contact with netbooks ... and was I amazed at their price !	price	neutral
Also , when clicked , it often moves the cursor and therefore changes the position of the click .	cursor	neutral
Also , when clicked , it often moves the cursor and therefore changes the position of the click .	click	neutral
It 's easily tied for the best accessory you can buy for your gaming laptop , equaled only byRazer Naga MMOG Laser Gaming Mouse .	MMOG Laser Gaming Mouse	neutral
The plug cleverly swivels around 360 to orient the device the way you want it .	plug	neutral
My HP has 1GB/80 GB , but it cost me $ 1500 , and the Sony 1GB/120 GB , but with a price tag of $ 2300 .	price tag	neutral
Everyone has an opinion about iTunes .	iTunes	neutral
I got a good deal from laptopmate and ordered a new battery and new power adapter	battery	neutral
I got a good deal from laptopmate and ordered a new battery and new power adapter	power adapter	neutral
I tried updating the driver , but this did not change anything .	driver	neutral
Amazingly enough , Sony does n't give you a ton of bloatware to take up your precious storage space .	bloatware	neutral
Amazingly enough , Sony does n't give you a ton of bloatware to take up your precious storage space .	storage space	neutral
Very good quality RAM , never had a problem with it .	RAM	neutral
but once she charged it and plugged in her ipod we were all impressed by the sound coming out of this thing !	sound	neutral
It 's a very nice design , the way the HD fits into the case , it is snug but has shock absorbers if the case is dropped .	design	neutral
It 's a very nice design , the way the HD fits into the case , it is snug but has shock absorbers if the case is dropped .	case	neutral
We 've been using ours all throughout the charger ' crisis ' and we are as happy with it today if not happier than we were on ' day one ' .	charger	neutral
* Power supply died , I suspect cheap parts and/or a QA issue on assembly .	Power supply	neutral
This problem has been corrected and full navigation is now possible .	navigation	neutral
but I do like the fact that this battery is bigger that it allows room underneath for my laptop to cool .	battery	neutral
I am very , very pleased because now I have the mobility and enough energy in that laptop	mobility	neutral
The only downside is that the adapter is so small that you could lose it if you remove it from the computer .	adapter	neutral
Even the power adapter is small ( these are powered off of a wall outlet , not USB ) .	power adapter	neutral
I do n't have any complaints on the mic quality .	mic quality	neutral
Take that time and you 'll be rewarded by having all your peers think you are some smart tech guru when you get done .	tech	neutral
We have n't had any trouble with it for over a year , and the image quality and sound are terrific .	image quality	neutral
We have n't had any trouble with it for over a year , and the image quality and sound are terrific .	sound	neutral
Also , battery life is pretty identical to the advertised specs .	battery life	neutral
Also , battery life is pretty identical to the advertised specs .	specs	neutral
It is way faster than my Dell laptop , mainly when starting up , or waking up .	starting up	neutral
I was nervous at first about switching to a mac given that I 'm not very knowledgable about I. T. and that I work a lot from home and on the road and need to edit and send MS Office documents and remote connect to my work PC .	MS Office	neutral
In fact , I was worried that the gate agents might say something about it	gate agents	neutral
The Asus is a square , flat , brushed metal finish while the HP has an elegant curved style with a design etched into it ... win : HP .	finish	neutral
The Asus is a square , flat , brushed metal finish while the HP has an elegant curved style with a design etched into it ... win : HP .	style	neutral
The Asus is a square , flat , brushed metal finish while the HP has an elegant curved style with a design etched into it ... win : HP .	design	neutral
Well i must say i had to protect my investment when i buy an expensive machine i must protect it to the highest and also i must get something that makes it look the best , something that does nt hide its beauty and slimness and this case did just that .	slimness	neutral
Well i must say i had to protect my investment when i buy an expensive machine i must protect it to the highest and also i must get something that makes it look the best , something that does nt hide its beauty and slimness and this case did just that .	case	neutral
I bought this USB connector and plugged it into an outlet overnight with the Nest and the problem was solved .	USB connector	neutral
Nope , because my android then is upside down and while the screen rotates , most apps including the clock app I use do n't rotate 180 degrees ...	screen	neutral
Nope , because my android then is upside down and while the screen rotates , most apps including the clock app I use do n't rotate 180 degrees ...	clock app	neutral
I 've applied this to my Ipod , but I was n't too keen on applying this to my new Macbook Pro , worrying about getting water into the computer and voiding the warranty .	warranty	neutral
The only issues that I have with any Ultrabook is the closed nature where you ca n't remove the battery or upgrade memory or hard drive .	battery	neutral
The only issues that I have with any Ultrabook is the closed nature where you ca n't remove the battery or upgrade memory or hard drive .	memory	neutral
The only issues that I have with any Ultrabook is the closed nature where you ca n't remove the battery or upgrade memory or hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
wrote a longer review but my internet service provider played the fool .........	internet service provider	neutral
The keyboard action is just about perfect for me and keeps my typos to a bare minimum !	keyboard action	neutral
This was ordered as a replacement battery for my Mother 's laptop .	battery	neutral
* Great battery life .	battery life	neutral
we 're going to always run it full speed .	speed	neutral
Again , not a big quibble , if it sockets nicely I 'd prefer too long to too short , and the cost ( 11 $ with next day shipping ) more than offsets any minor gripes .	cost	neutral
Other notes : all the various ports are on the left side of the machine (	ports	neutral
The shoulder strap on the older run had a decorative strip of matching brown leather running down the length of the canvas main strap ( decorative , since the strap already comes with a leather - lined shoulder pad ) .	shoulder strap	neutral
The shoulder strap on the older run had a decorative strip of matching brown leather running down the length of the canvas main strap ( decorative , since the strap already comes with a leather - lined shoulder pad ) .	canvas main strap	neutral
The shoulder strap on the older run had a decorative strip of matching brown leather running down the length of the canvas main strap ( decorative , since the strap already comes with a leather - lined shoulder pad ) .	strap	neutral
The shoulder strap on the older run had a decorative strip of matching brown leather running down the length of the canvas main strap ( decorative , since the strap already comes with a leather - lined shoulder pad ) .	shoulder pad	neutral
I have a G73 and two desktops one of them with an I7 - 2700k and the other one with I5 - 750 , I use them mostly for gaming and stuff	gaming	neutral
Yet even if your device comes with a high current charger , many devices allow for charging with a computer 's USB port - meaning that they must be rated to only draw upwards of 500mA.	USB port	neutral
skype happiness - Mac OS X is really really really easy to understand .	skype	neutral
skype happiness - Mac OS X is really really really easy to understand .	Mac OS X	neutral
The speed difference is amazing ! !	speed	neutral
I did n't have to calibrate or configure anything to get the mouse working under Linux .	mouse	neutral
I did n't have to calibrate or configure anything to get the mouse working under Linux .	Linux	neutral
I have one criticism of the speed switch .	speed switch	neutral
The processor is n't blistering but is certainly good to very - good .	processor	neutral
The Stereo effects also sounded pretty good for a small speaker with the speaker drivers positioned so closely together .	Stereo effects	neutral
The Stereo effects also sounded pretty good for a small speaker with the speaker drivers positioned so closely together .	speaker drivers	neutral
Every time I moved the cord would pull slightly putting the laptop to battery and then back to AC .	cord	neutral
Every time I moved the cord would pull slightly putting the laptop to battery and then back to AC .	battery	neutral
Much to my relief , salvation has come in the form of the LaCie 706018 USB External Floppy Drive .	LaCie 706018 USB External Floppy Drive	neutral
One complaint / annoyance I had was that in the setup , I was required to have a Microsoft account which I do n't and did n't want to get .	setup	neutral
One complaint / annoyance I had was that in the setup , I was required to have a Microsoft account which I do n't and did n't want to get .	Microsoft	neutral
Logitech has managed to take this idea and do it one better , improving the interface and adding a built in screen for useful information .	interface	neutral
I read on someone elses review that you have to use the usb cord that came with it .	usb cord	neutral
( I do n't use my laptop as some sort of miniature DVD media server )	DVD media server	neutral
All of those fancy features in the upgraded editions use more CPU time and more memory .	features	neutral
All of those fancy features in the upgraded editions use more CPU time and more memory .	CPU time	neutral
All of those fancy features in the upgraded editions use more CPU time and more memory .	memory	neutral
There 's plenty of storage for everything , books	storage	neutral
Bought this even though I have a system provided online for work that is very sensitive to dropping the internet on wi - fi .	system	neutral
Works great , The original plug that came with the laptop used to separate all the time .	plug	neutral
Using GeekBench to benchmark before ( 8 GB ) and after ( 16 GB ) there was actually a * slight * performance decrease ( even across numerous re - tests ) , but I have been running OSX 10 . 7 with VMs of Windows7	GeekBench	neutral
Using GeekBench to benchmark before ( 8 GB ) and after ( 16 GB ) there was actually a * slight * performance decrease ( even across numerous re - tests ) , but I have been running OSX 10 . 7 with VMs of Windows7	performance	neutral
Using GeekBench to benchmark before ( 8 GB ) and after ( 16 GB ) there was actually a * slight * performance decrease ( even across numerous re - tests ) , but I have been running OSX 10 . 7 with VMs of Windows7	OSX 10 . 7	neutral
Using GeekBench to benchmark before ( 8 GB ) and after ( 16 GB ) there was actually a * slight * performance decrease ( even across numerous re - tests ) , but I have been running OSX 10 . 7 with VMs of Windows7	VMs	neutral
The DVD button is pretty tough to operate without contorting your fingers awkwardly .	DVD button	neutral
this has several strain relief features and has thicker insulation as well .	strain relief features	neutral
this has several strain relief features and has thicker insulation as well .	insulation	neutral
I purchased what I considered a quality converter	converter	neutral
OK for basic web browsing .	web browsing	neutral
I have tried the HP Pavilion dv6 and the touchpad on that machine is terrible , it lags or does n't respond at all sometimes .	touchpad	neutral
The ' naked ' or transparent styling of the case .	styling	neutral
The ' naked ' or transparent styling of the case .	case	neutral
Superior cooling design allows laptop to run quietly even when gaming!- Excellent LED display - great for watching HD videos and Blu Ray movies-	cooling design	neutral
Superior cooling design allows laptop to run quietly even when gaming!- Excellent LED display - great for watching HD videos and Blu Ray movies-	gaming!-	neutral
Superior cooling design allows laptop to run quietly even when gaming!- Excellent LED display - great for watching HD videos and Blu Ray movies-	LED display	neutral
I like all of the built - in organizers .	built - in organizers	neutral
the zippers busting so this case should aleviate that problem!!!The mediocre rating scared me but the 2 1-star ratings were one instance of a damaged product ( understandable ) and the other was from someone claiming the laptop would not fit but evidently did not realize there is an adjustable petition in the laptop compartment !	zippers	neutral
The volume on this is is vey limited .	volume	neutral
The product 's design reflects the realities of having limited desk space and the need for a creative solution .	design	neutral
The product 's design reflects the realities of having limited desk space and the need for a creative solution .	desk space	neutral
At low volumes the sound quality was ok and they did not impress me in particular when hearing at my office , but when I got home I pumped up the volume to see what they could do , and they far exceeded my expectationsd ..	sound quality	neutral
Shop around for the best deal on these as the prices vary significantly .	prices	neutral
My hard drive now is a fast 320 GB Western Digital Scorpio Black 7200RPM	hard drive	neutral
Enable Bluetooth on the Android device and scan for devices .	Bluetooth	neutral
Has good space for a 17&#34 ; or lower laptop but	space	neutral
However , my 17 . 3&#34 ; ( screen size )	screen size	neutral
I also bought it to time - shift weekly TV shows to HDD and at this , it is better than any S - VHS VCR I have owned ( and I have owned a lot of high - end units ) .	S - VHS	neutral
3 yrs in the shoulder straps started to disintegrate .	shoulder straps	neutral
I have a MBP late or early 2011 13&#34 ; and this works great .	works	neutral
This product includes a telescoping stick antenna .	telescoping stick antenna	neutral
It has this App called Radiotime which is really neat .	App	neutral
It has this App called Radiotime which is really neat .	Radiotime	neutral
It 's just measures the room luminance and compares it to the suggested ISO standard .	ISO standard	neutral
After six months or so , I noticed that the touch interface was no longer responding ( to pen or finger ) along the right or bottom edges in portrait mode ...	touch interface	neutral
Although you 'll have to remove the PC for inspection , the bag can easily be unzipped for viewing the camera and accessories without the screener having to remove them .	camera	neutral
Although you 'll have to remove the PC for inspection , the bag can easily be unzipped for viewing the camera and accessories without the screener having to remove them .	screener	neutral
Amazon were great in sending a 2nd one which I got in one day .. but THATone TOO had black stains on it ( the pad is pink to match the deep rose and purple OPI laptop )	pad	neutral
The cable is short and easy to store .	cable	neutral
At first I would use it just for gaming a few hrs a day and the sound was phenomenal .	gaming	neutral
At first I would use it just for gaming a few hrs a day and the sound was phenomenal .	sound	neutral
The new hinge cover is finished nicely though , looks like brushed metal .	hinge cover	neutral
Webcam is like a webcam .	Webcam	neutral
Webcam is like a webcam .	webcam	neutral
0 upgrades before the 8 . 1 upgrade shows available at the Microsoft Store .	8 . 1 upgrade	neutral
I connected one end of this 3 . 5 mm extension cable to the back of my television set and the other end I connected it to a speaker bar I purchased here as well .	speaker bar	neutral
You should also check that your registry TCP / IP value are sufficient to make use of the increased bandwidth e. g. TCPWindowSize under XP .	TCP / IP value	neutral
You should also check that your registry TCP / IP value are sufficient to make use of the increased bandwidth e. g. TCPWindowSize under XP .	bandwidth	neutral
You should also check that your registry TCP / IP value are sufficient to make use of the increased bandwidth e. g. TCPWindowSize under XP .	XP	neutral
When I first opened it , I plugged it in and let it charge for about 8 - 10 hours .	charge	neutral
Having the drive partitioned already will make the installation a lot easier .	drive	neutral
This case definitely does not " fit like a glove " .	case	neutral
5 . 5 wide by 5 deep , one has a Velcro flap	Velcro flap	neutral
It works great and is easy to pack .	works	neutral
It works great and is easy to pack .	pack	neutral
I called tech support and they agree .	tech support	neutral
These stands were very well with the lite speakers that came with my Vizio Surround bar .	lite speakers	neutral
These stands were very well with the lite speakers that came with my Vizio Surround bar .	Vizio Surround bar	neutral
Everything about this drive would have been acceptable if not for the poor build quality .	drive	neutral
Everything about this drive would have been acceptable if not for the poor build quality .	build quality	neutral
There is no way I could hike 500 miles with this in my pack ; taking up 20 % of my allowable weight .	weight	neutral
Has the iPad pocket as well	iPad pocket	neutral
It is very quick and so far handles all the applications I use with ease .	applications	neutral
On the second day the volume was very low , using flash drive or mp3 player , and it stayed that way even though I had recharged it .	volume	neutral
On the second day the volume was very low , using flash drive or mp3 player , and it stayed that way even though I had recharged it .	flash drive	neutral
It was well - packaged and was shipped in a timely way .	shipped	neutral
But I did play some music with it , and the sound was very nice .	sound	neutral
The time required to charge the battery my be a bit longer than some of the more expensive chargers but	charge	neutral
The time required to charge the battery my be a bit longer than some of the more expensive chargers but	battery	neutral
The time required to charge the battery my be a bit longer than some of the more expensive chargers but	chargers	neutral
The battery life ... it is a bit on the short side , ( not as short as my 17 " HP Mediacenter Laptop from a few years ago ...	battery life	neutral
I gave it to one of the Jordanian Army sergeants when I left because his modem was messed up and he could n't connect to the internet , but when he plugged this into his computer he could again .	modem	neutral
but that is in a laptop with more ram faster motherboard and 64 bit windows 7	ram	neutral
but that is in a laptop with more ram faster motherboard and 64 bit windows 7	motherboard	neutral
but that is in a laptop with more ram faster motherboard and 64 bit windows 7	64	neutral
but that is in a laptop with more ram faster motherboard and 64 bit windows 7	windows 7	neutral
However , these guys should test batteries before shipping .	batteries	neutral
The snugness is n't a bad thing , but I would n't have minded just a tad more room .	snugness	neutral
loaded my micro SD card with photos of my summer trip and about 700 songs with no problem	micro SD card	neutral
The Bag of Holding is great , and definitely holds up to its namesake - it holds my Macbook Pro ( 13 " , but room for a 17 " ) , Mouse , cables , kindle , pens / pencils , calculator , and several books with room to spare .	Mouse	neutral
The Bag of Holding is great , and definitely holds up to its namesake - it holds my Macbook Pro ( 13 " , but room for a 17 " ) , Mouse , cables , kindle , pens / pencils , calculator , and several books with room to spare .	cables	neutral
Other than the size , it runs very smoothly , the keyboard is great , and i have no problems with the processor speed .	size	neutral
Other than the size , it runs very smoothly , the keyboard is great , and i have no problems with the processor speed .	runs	neutral
Other than the size , it runs very smoothly , the keyboard is great , and i have no problems with the processor speed .	keyboard	neutral
Other than the size , it runs very smoothly , the keyboard is great , and i have no problems with the processor speed .	processor speed	neutral
Nice dual graphics feature ( stamina vs speed ) .	dual graphics feature	neutral
Nice dual graphics feature ( stamina vs speed ) .	speed	neutral
The pearl white model is really pretty , battery lasts about 5 hours , and almost silent comparing to the Dell laptop that my husband has .	battery	neutral
This product was provided for review by Accessorise .	Accessorise	neutral
I will never buy a budget battery again , I 've learned my lesson .	battery	neutral
If you want more bass , or an over all cleaner sound ( and you have decent headphones ) , the E6 is a good little amp to try , and it 's cheap .	bass	neutral
If you want more bass , or an over all cleaner sound ( and you have decent headphones ) , the E6 is a good little amp to try , and it 's cheap .	sound	neutral
So much better than the USB crud I had before ...	USB crud	neutral
Why it takes a crazy procedure like this to fire up a new battery I have no idea ...	battery	neutral
I 'm not so sure the blocking of the vents is an issue with the case or with the unit itself -	vents	neutral
I 'm not so sure the blocking of the vents is an issue with the case or with the unit itself -	case	neutral
The Remote Works just Fine .	Remote	neutral
I was using an old blackberry pug and the contacts became to loose to function .	contacts	neutral
Do u make cell phone batteries ?	batteries	neutral
Price was OK , but would have expected it to last longer .	Price	neutral
and you 're wanting something flashy and comfortable to hold , get this mouse now ! ! ! !	hold	neutral
and you 're wanting something flashy and comfortable to hold , get this mouse now ! ! ! !	mouse	neutral
It does n't have a ton of padding , but it is a nice balance between a slim case and a protection .	case	neutral
I revise my rating to one star for the excellent remote , tuner and on screen displays .	remote	neutral
I revise my rating to one star for the excellent remote , tuner and on screen displays .	tuner	neutral
I revise my rating to one star for the excellent remote , tuner and on screen displays .	on screen displays	neutral
Do n't get me wrong , I love Crucial since they are absolutely known for their reliability but this is n't the fastest read / write SSD in the world .	read / write SSD	neutral
It works well with your iPhone ( and as a charger for your iPod too ) .	charger	neutral
Now I make it a habit to take it out of my netbook every time and place the USB receiver in its spot on the underside of the mouse .	USB receiver	neutral
Now I make it a habit to take it out of my netbook every time and place the USB receiver in its spot on the underside of the mouse .	mouse	neutral
My main disappointment with the speaker is the sound quality - I expected it to provide more punch and clarity of tone based on the size and cost , yet I found that the quality is n't that great at full volume , and at less than full volume the sound is fairly weak .	speaker	neutral
My main disappointment with the speaker is the sound quality - I expected it to provide more punch and clarity of tone based on the size and cost , yet I found that the quality is n't that great at full volume , and at less than full volume the sound is fairly weak .	sound quality	neutral
My main disappointment with the speaker is the sound quality - I expected it to provide more punch and clarity of tone based on the size and cost , yet I found that the quality is n't that great at full volume , and at less than full volume the sound is fairly weak .	quality	neutral
My main disappointment with the speaker is the sound quality - I expected it to provide more punch and clarity of tone based on the size and cost , yet I found that the quality is n't that great at full volume , and at less than full volume the sound is fairly weak .	sound	neutral
There is a protected pocket for a cell phone , and another for business cards .	pocket	neutral
The adapter is collecting dust in the box it came with unfortunately .	adapter	neutral
It had a 75 % charge when shipped .	charge	neutral
THIS FAN WORKS	FAN	neutral
I just keep it in the usb port in my laptop and use it as a quick transfer tool if I need to give someone a CAD drawing or the like .	usb port	neutral
The extra tips that come with it make for a very long use before having to buy a new set of tips .	tips	neutral
The extra tips that come with it make for a very long use before having to buy a new set of tips .	tips	neutral
Do n't buy this laptop if u need battery life .	battery life	neutral
It has a lot of very well thought out pockets for non - camera things .	pockets	neutral
It fits great with the case .	case	neutral
The mesh plate pops open and you are able to pop them out pretty easily .	mesh plate	neutral
I highly suggest a modular PSU .	modular PSU	neutral
It fits perfect and still has room left for my ipod or mouse , and other random small things like usb drives etc ...	usb drives	neutral
13Ghz , 6 mb cache ) processor and 4 GB ram , all other specs same as this one .	processor	neutral
13Ghz , 6 mb cache ) processor and 4 GB ram , all other specs same as this one .	4 GB ram	neutral
13Ghz , 6 mb cache ) processor and 4 GB ram , all other specs same as this one .	specs	neutral
Currently Amazon is selling the 160 Gig version for $ 219 which is unbelievable since I purchased the Archos 5 from Amazon last year for over $ 300 .	160 Gig	neutral
If you can find a good price , this is totally a good call .	price	neutral
Performance is OK , fine for most things .	Performance	neutral
Some Asian models come with 16 GB RAM .	16 GB RAM	neutral
There is a port on the back for power , but an adapter is not included .	port	neutral
There is a port on the back for power , but an adapter is not included .	power	neutral
User InterfaceThe built in Panasonic user interface is well thought out and looks like they put a lot of effort into creating it .	User InterfaceThe	neutral
User InterfaceThe built in Panasonic user interface is well thought out and looks like they put a lot of effort into creating it .	built in Panasonic user interface	neutral
It had good bass sounds for such a tiny speaker , but not booming bass ( this is not a negative because no tiny speaker can produce booming bass ) .	bass sounds	neutral
It had good bass sounds for such a tiny speaker , but not booming bass ( this is not a negative because no tiny speaker can produce booming bass ) .	bass	neutral
Best money that I have ever spent on a system of this caliber .	system	neutral
Decent replacement battery to buy .	battery	neutral
The shipper / seller was fast and the product is great .	shipper	neutral
This is a well made product I purchased to speed up the security process at airports .	security	neutral
Love the tool - free design .	design	neutral
Build quality feels good .	Build quality	neutral
Mine fell off a bathroom stall door hook onto a hard floor once ( 4 - 5 ' drop ) , and the only damage to the laptop was that the casing on the LCD popped a little bit apart on the corner that hit the floor .	casing on the LCD	neutral
To be honest , I did n't know what the difference would be between a SSD and a Hybrid when I got the ST500LM000 beyond the fact that the hybrid has a sizable chip to store data in it 's cache , theoretically making it faster than a regular drive	SSD	neutral
To be honest , I did n't know what the difference would be between a SSD and a Hybrid when I got the ST500LM000 beyond the fact that the hybrid has a sizable chip to store data in it 's cache , theoretically making it faster than a regular drive	chip	neutral
One day I said , & # 34;forget this nonsense!&#34 ; and I jumped on Amazon and purchased the first one I saw- which was this cord .	cord	neutral
The price is cheap , but the product works as it should .	price	neutral
I would have preferred to have the power switch under the cover , where it ca n't accidentally be activated - it is on the right side of the case instead .	power switch	neutral
I noticed that the battery would not charge above 2 % about a week after the return date expired .	battery	neutral
This little computer is what I 've wanted in a PC for years : fast , fanless , quiet , and compact .	fanless	neutral
I am impressed with how quiet it is , but agree with others who 've commented about the blades .	blades	neutral
Although it 's plastic , it 's well built , slim , and finished to look like brushed aluminum .	built	neutral
I love all of the features of this mouse , especially the tiny usb receiver and " almost frictionless " scroll wheel mode .	features	neutral
I love all of the features of this mouse , especially the tiny usb receiver and " almost frictionless " scroll wheel mode .	mouse	neutral
I love all of the features of this mouse , especially the tiny usb receiver and " almost frictionless " scroll wheel mode .	usb receiver	neutral
I love all of the features of this mouse , especially the tiny usb receiver and " almost frictionless " scroll wheel mode .	scroll wheel mode	neutral
There 's padding both front , back , sides , and some limited padding on the bottom .	padding	neutral
There 's padding both front , back , sides , and some limited padding on the bottom .	padding	neutral
For such a small , battery powered speaker , the sound quality is really good .	battery powered	neutral
For such a small , battery powered speaker , the sound quality is really good .	sound quality	neutral
The only reason that I did n't rate at a 5 is because of the cabling .	cabling	neutral
The 4th was another mp4 ( MPEG-4 ( Divx4 simple@1 ) and that would n't play at all - error message that it could n't play this type of video .	mp4	neutral
It kept it power for about 2 or 3 hrs .	power	neutral
Now the hinges are new .	hinges	neutral
Not much sence hooking up a laptop to a 42 " screen if you can only watch it in small screen view .	42 " screen	neutral
I 've only had 1 notebook previously ( a 4 year old Lenovo R61 ) which had a Intel Wireless N Card .	Intel Wireless N Card	neutral
Great construction and the al buckles although a bit finicky ( meaning you have to pay attention to slot them , and may take a few attempts ) but	construction	neutral
Great construction and the al buckles although a bit finicky ( meaning you have to pay attention to slot them , and may take a few attempts ) but	al buckles	neutral
As expected , prices have come down on this model , but in the meantime newer models have come out with enriched features .	prices	neutral
As expected , prices have come down on this model , but in the meantime newer models have come out with enriched features .	features	neutral
The high frequencies are much more present than in the Acer , and even though the speakers point to the bottom , the sound feels like its radiating up through the keyboard like the HP 11 .	speakers	neutral
The high frequencies are much more present than in the Acer , and even though the speakers point to the bottom , the sound feels like its radiating up through the keyboard like the HP 11 .	sound	neutral
The high frequencies are much more present than in the Acer , and even though the speakers point to the bottom , the sound feels like its radiating up through the keyboard like the HP 11 .	keyboard	neutral
Worse yet , when I plugged my iphone4 to it , the iPhone started charging but it also started behaving oddly , not recognizing touches , etc .	charging	neutral
Works real well for all my devices ! ! ! !	Works	neutral
The bin that holds your device is large enough for any iPod , and even a cell phone and the hard case offers added protection , while keeping everything tidy .	hard case	neutral
The build is better than the Bose , the aluminum handle makes it feel sturdy .	build	neutral
The build is better than the Bose , the aluminum handle makes it feel sturdy .	aluminum handle	neutral
Wow , this little speaker has great big stereo sound .	stereo sound	neutral
Since I purchased this DVI - to - HDMI cable everything is in perfect 720p aspect and all the colors appear accurate and vibrant .	DVI - to - HDMI cable	neutral
Since I purchased this DVI - to - HDMI cable everything is in perfect 720p aspect and all the colors appear accurate and vibrant .	colors	neutral
After looking around for SDHC cards in several retail stores , I stumbled upon this card , brought it to be used for my Canon DSLR and Canon camcorder .	SDHC cards	neutral
Ca n't comment on durability at this time .	durability	neutral
I should have known that at this price it was going to be a piece of junk .	price	neutral
It allows for a nice , lightweight headset -- just plug green to green and pink to pink and you 're all set !	headset	neutral
For the price , I expect better access to internals and easier repair .	price	neutral
For the price , I expect better access to internals and easier repair .	internals	neutral
So , the NAS is back online ...	NAS	neutral
The wheel is responsive but does not over rotate .	wheel	neutral
She is very satisfied with both the memory card and the Camcorder .	memory card	neutral
In order for the pad to be as effective as intended the fans should blow the same way .	pad	neutral
In order for the pad to be as effective as intended the fans should blow the same way .	fans	neutral
It has one negative , the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
i went from having the volume up to 100 % to now down to 25%.i	volume	neutral
Hub failed and I wanted to buy something that would n't fail .	Hub	neutral
The install of the operating system on the new hard drive was time consuming but not difficult .	operating system	neutral
The install of the operating system on the new hard drive was time consuming but not difficult .	hard drive	neutral
Later on , I hooked the cable into different HDMI ports and everything looked fine .	HDMI ports	neutral
I primarily bought this for my hackintosh as it 's the most compatible bluetooth adapter to work right of the box and it did .	bluetooth adapter	neutral
A processor jump , HD camera ( looks like crap ) and thunderbolt .	processor jump	neutral
A processor jump , HD camera ( looks like crap ) and thunderbolt .	HD camera	neutral
A processor jump , HD camera ( looks like crap ) and thunderbolt .	thunderbolt	neutral
Dual Channel kit F3 - 12800CL9D-8GBRL4 .	Dual Channel kit	neutral
As others have said , the plug end is straight , not bent at a 90 degree like the picture shows , but that is n't a big deal imo .	plug end	neutral
Works great on my Nexus 4 , just as described .	Works	neutral
Great to have a handle as most sleeves do not have one .	handle	neutral
Does not support a grounded connection in Germany .	grounded connection	neutral
As good as a real HD camera .	HD camera	neutral
The non - slip rubber grips on the Xpad hold the laptop well and seem to provide enough cooling for me .	non - slip rubber grips	neutral
The non - slip rubber grips on the Xpad hold the laptop well and seem to provide enough cooling for me .	Xpad	neutral
The non - slip rubber grips on the Xpad hold the laptop well and seem to provide enough cooling for me .	cooling	neutral
While the Apple keyboard is beautiful , and the quality exceptional , this Anker keyboard is every bit as functional and light , and is perfect for use with both mobile devices as well as any computer that supports Bluetooth .	Apple keyboard	neutral
While the Apple keyboard is beautiful , and the quality exceptional , this Anker keyboard is every bit as functional and light , and is perfect for use with both mobile devices as well as any computer that supports Bluetooth .	quality	neutral
While the Apple keyboard is beautiful , and the quality exceptional , this Anker keyboard is every bit as functional and light , and is perfect for use with both mobile devices as well as any computer that supports Bluetooth .	keyboard	neutral
While the Apple keyboard is beautiful , and the quality exceptional , this Anker keyboard is every bit as functional and light , and is perfect for use with both mobile devices as well as any computer that supports Bluetooth .	Bluetooth	neutral
Now if cash is not a problem for you , then just go experience Windows 8 and Mountain Lion OS , as you just need to know which ones fits you better .	Windows 8	neutral
Now if cash is not a problem for you , then just go experience Windows 8 and Mountain Lion OS , as you just need to know which ones fits you better .	Mountain Lion OS	neutral
I am very glad we order this adapter , and definitely order from these folks again !	adapter	neutral
I filled one of the 16 gb cards while on vacation and started on the second .	16 gb cards	neutral
Put the CD in the drive and read everything in the set - up instructions carefully .	CD	neutral
Put the CD in the drive and read everything in the set - up instructions carefully .	drive	neutral
Put the CD in the drive and read everything in the set - up instructions carefully .	set - up instructions	neutral
They lacked bass and treble and was a pain to listen to .	bass	neutral
They lacked bass and treble and was a pain to listen to .	treble	neutral
It still works great under some heavy use	works	neutral
And the prop - sized fan dissipates the heat from the laptop much better than the multi - fanned coolers that I 've used before .	prop - sized fan	neutral
Drawing in the Autodesk and Corel products also demonstrated the precision and control that the tablet provides .	Autodesk	neutral
For developers cranking out high CPU usage , I 'd suggest it .	CPU usage	neutral
USB 1 . 1 or USB	USB 1 . 1	neutral
USB 1 . 1 or USB	USB	neutral
The webcam also comes with a mic built next to the camera , which works better than my laptop mic and reduces ambient noise .	webcam	neutral
The webcam also comes with a mic built next to the camera , which works better than my laptop mic and reduces ambient noise .	mic	neutral
The webcam also comes with a mic built next to the camera , which works better than my laptop mic and reduces ambient noise .	mic	neutral
+ $ 475 asking price .	price	neutral
Even so , the Surface 2 needs this cover / keyboard for protection and an always available keyboard .	cover	neutral
Even so , the Surface 2 needs this cover / keyboard for protection and an always available keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Even so , the Surface 2 needs this cover / keyboard for protection and an always available keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Power adapters are often the first things to break with a laptop , either in the supply itself or at the connector .	Power adapters	neutral
Power adapters are often the first things to break with a laptop , either in the supply itself or at the connector .	supply	neutral
Power adapters are often the first things to break with a laptop , either in the supply itself or at the connector .	connector	neutral
PLUS wonderful utilites like Word , Excel , and Microsoft Money .	utilites	neutral
PLUS wonderful utilites like Word , Excel , and Microsoft Money .	Word	neutral
PLUS wonderful utilites like Word , Excel , and Microsoft Money .	Excel	neutral
The case works great and keeps my computer protected from the world .	case	neutral
I paid 45 bucks on these attractive speakers .	speakers	neutral
There are pop - out plastic prongs to secure the adapter in UK - style plugs , and the normal plugs screw out to reach deep sockets , although in the latter case I 've seen some sockets where the plugs extended too long and one had to half - insert the adapter to get current .	prongs	neutral
There are pop - out plastic prongs to secure the adapter in UK - style plugs , and the normal plugs screw out to reach deep sockets , although in the latter case I 've seen some sockets where the plugs extended too long and one had to half - insert the adapter to get current .	plugs	neutral
There are pop - out plastic prongs to secure the adapter in UK - style plugs , and the normal plugs screw out to reach deep sockets , although in the latter case I 've seen some sockets where the plugs extended too long and one had to half - insert the adapter to get current .	plugs	neutral
There are pop - out plastic prongs to secure the adapter in UK - style plugs , and the normal plugs screw out to reach deep sockets , although in the latter case I 've seen some sockets where the plugs extended too long and one had to half - insert the adapter to get current .	adapter	neutral
Dumb HP batteries are junk	batteries	neutral
It does n't however make it standard instead of wide screen .	screen	neutral
Only complaint is that the bottom of the unit is somewhat slick and if it is not on a mouse pad that creates some resistant , it hits the floor .	bottom	neutral
Only complaint is that the bottom of the unit is somewhat slick and if it is not on a mouse pad that creates some resistant , it hits the floor .	mouse pad	neutral
A frustration I had with this bag that might not affect you , was that the should strap is not attached upon arrival , and the metal rings that you are meant to clip it to are nicely concealed in a side pocket .	should strap	neutral
A frustration I had with this bag that might not affect you , was that the should strap is not attached upon arrival , and the metal rings that you are meant to clip it to are nicely concealed in a side pocket .	metal	neutral
A frustration I had with this bag that might not affect you , was that the should strap is not attached upon arrival , and the metal rings that you are meant to clip it to are nicely concealed in a side pocket .	rings	neutral
Processor , Ram , and HDD all upgradeable , but I doubt I 'll want to make any changes .	Processor	neutral
Processor , Ram , and HDD all upgradeable , but I doubt I 'll want to make any changes .	Ram	neutral
Processor , Ram , and HDD all upgradeable , but I doubt I 'll want to make any changes .	HDD	neutral
Wish I had purchased a brighter color version .	color	neutral
I 'm very impressed with my Vaio ; the performance is great ; sorry I took so long .	performance	neutral
I popped this adapter into an HP d5000 t running Windows	Windows	neutral
Yeah , great value and works like a charm between my DP , Yamaha 161 and Mac laptop .	works	neutral
I initially thought the PSU was DOA .	PSU	neutral
This chill pad is an exception .	chill pad	neutral
I originally bought the 17 " Swiss Army wheeled computer case which works great except when all the overhead compartments are full in an overbooked flight , which seemingly more common these days .	17	neutral
The cooling effect is decent too but does n't cool my laptop as much I had hoped for .	cooling effect	neutral
If you put two of these in Raid 0 ( do n't use regular HDD then ) you will see a faster speed in writing or reading but it does not support TRIM .	Raid 0	neutral
If you put two of these in Raid 0 ( do n't use regular HDD then ) you will see a faster speed in writing or reading but it does not support TRIM .	HDD	neutral
If you put two of these in Raid 0 ( do n't use regular HDD then ) you will see a faster speed in writing or reading but it does not support TRIM .	speed	neutral
If you put two of these in Raid 0 ( do n't use regular HDD then ) you will see a faster speed in writing or reading but it does not support TRIM .	TRIM	neutral
DEDICATED SEALED DRIVE ENCLOSURES with an expensive brand name on them !	SEALED DRIVE ENCLOSURES	neutral
The built - in speakers of my PC do not produce enough sound ... by using this product , I was now able to amplify the sound clearly .	built - in speakers	neutral
but I 'm lucky to get an hour out of this with just basic web surfing / social media , Facebook etc ...	web surfing	neutral
Although I 'm still thrilled with the concept and design , as noted above I was concerned about the handle ripping .	concept	neutral
Although I 'm still thrilled with the concept and design , as noted above I was concerned about the handle ripping .	design	neutral
Although I 'm still thrilled with the concept and design , as noted above I was concerned about the handle ripping .	handle	neutral
If you have a nice laptop , get a good bag , this bag does not have " storage " for peripherals and wo n't protect your laptop if you drop it or it gets hit .	storage	neutral
Update : this headset left speaker stopped working less than a year after the purchase .	headset left speaker	neutral
This bag front end compartment is really majestic ... too much space . ! ! !	front end compartment	neutral
This bag front end compartment is really majestic ... too much space . ! ! !	space	neutral
I had the travel adapter for the previous series of Lenovo laptops ( X201 - T430 )	travel adapter	neutral
However , its inability to perform the simple task of working with USB 3 is its strongest failure .	USB 3	neutral
I actually preferred the Elago reader more because if felt much sturdier .	Elago reader	neutral
the most important features imo : battery life .	features	neutral
the most important features imo : battery life .	battery life	neutral
Just use care and it works fine .	works	neutral
Compared to others who sell this battery the price was right	battery	neutral
Compared to others who sell this battery the price was right	price	neutral
The problem is the latest software verson for the 930 ( 8 . 3 ) has this stuttering and refresh problem .	software verson for	neutral
If you are accessing windows hosts , it will even stream live audio from the remote system .	windows hosts	neutral
I could go into detail about the & # 34;subwoofer&#34 ; , crossover ( or lack of one ) , volume , etc .	volume	neutral
so this works great to allow you to charge all your devices overnight .	charge	neutral
I can say it charged fine , and had there been an issue , my customer would have called to complain .	charged	neutral
but sometimes you will hear the 250 GB hard drive running , but comparing to other kind of laptop , this one is the beast !	250 GB hard drive	neutral
3 . 0 to Gigabit Ethernet NIC from Amazon and	Gigabit Ethernet NIC	neutral
The keys are n't too loud , and they have a great feel .	keys	neutral
It 's about 8 - 10x faster than USB connection , but this can also take up to 40 % of CPU usage .	USB connection	neutral
It 's about 8 - 10x faster than USB connection , but this can also take up to 40 % of CPU usage .	CPU usage	neutral
and then they raised the price to $ 598 .	price	neutral
My experience with the iMac 24 convinced me to dump my nearly new Toshiba Satellite M65-S821 for a MacBook Pro .	iMac 24	neutral
Press the power button and it is on	power button	neutral
There are a couple other perks , like a fingerprint reader , and I always love HP 's decision to have backlit icons next to the keyboard showing you which options are activated , such as caps lock , wifi , and speaker controls .	fingerprint reader	neutral
There are a couple other perks , like a fingerprint reader , and I always love HP 's decision to have backlit icons next to the keyboard showing you which options are activated , such as caps lock , wifi , and speaker controls .	keyboard	neutral
There are a couple other perks , like a fingerprint reader , and I always love HP 's decision to have backlit icons next to the keyboard showing you which options are activated , such as caps lock , wifi , and speaker controls .	caps lock	neutral
There are a couple other perks , like a fingerprint reader , and I always love HP 's decision to have backlit icons next to the keyboard showing you which options are activated , such as caps lock , wifi , and speaker controls .	wifi	neutral
There are a couple other perks , like a fingerprint reader , and I always love HP 's decision to have backlit icons next to the keyboard showing you which options are activated , such as caps lock , wifi , and speaker controls .	speaker controls	neutral
There are signs of over gluing around the pencil holder .	pencil holder	neutral
The good is that you no longer have a cap to lose ( never a problem for me anyway ) .	cap	neutral
Then by opening its enclosure just retired the damaged disk and cleaned all the tiny broken glass spread inside .	enclosure	neutral
Then by opening its enclosure just retired the damaged disk and cleaned all the tiny broken glass spread inside .	disk	neutral
External DrivesFor DVDs and external hard drives	External DrivesFor	neutral
External DrivesFor DVDs and external hard drives	external hard drives	neutral
It would still light up and the software would appear to load the proper profile , but the gameboard just would n't do what it was supposed to .	software	neutral
It would still light up and the software would appear to load the proper profile , but the gameboard just would n't do what it was supposed to .	gameboard	neutral
Have n't even had to replace the fuse as of yet ; so that is very good .	fuse	neutral
Some one wrote an earlier negative review about the plastic clips on the strap .	plastic clips	neutral
Some one wrote an earlier negative review about the plastic clips on the strap .	strap	neutral
If you have Windows XP , the manual tells you to use the CD .	Windows XP	neutral
The picture looks great on this laptop .	picture	neutral
I gave 4 stars because the screen resolution is pretty bad when compared to most other computers .	screen resolution	neutral
The smaller handle on top gives you the added choice of carrying the case by hand .	handle	neutral
Which is a great price for a 32 " LCD .	price	neutral
The camera arrived well packaged , but the lens blind was stuck in the up position making it inoperable .	lens blind	neutral
This is how I see them though : The Klipsch have the best bass response of the 3 , but the mids were pretty good and the highs were flat , sometimes the highs even seemed non - existent .	bass response	neutral
This is how I see them though : The Klipsch have the best bass response of the 3 , but the mids were pretty good and the highs were flat , sometimes the highs even seemed non - existent .	mids	neutral
This is how I see them though : The Klipsch have the best bass response of the 3 , but the mids were pretty good and the highs were flat , sometimes the highs even seemed non - existent .	highs	neutral
This is how I see them though : The Klipsch have the best bass response of the 3 , but the mids were pretty good and the highs were flat , sometimes the highs even seemed non - existent .	highs	neutral
They call for a dual core 1 . 6 , or a single core 3 . 0 , and I am running a single core 2 . 4 with 2 GB ram .	core 3 . 0	neutral
They call for a dual core 1 . 6 , or a single core 3 . 0 , and I am running a single core 2 . 4 with 2 GB ram .	core 2 . 4	neutral
There are no handles just a shoulder strap , but it should be noted that the shoulder strap can be shortened to function like a handle if you so desire .	handles	neutral
There are no handles just a shoulder strap , but it should be noted that the shoulder strap can be shortened to function like a handle if you so desire .	shoulder strap	neutral
There are no handles just a shoulder strap , but it should be noted that the shoulder strap can be shortened to function like a handle if you so desire .	shoulder strap	neutral
There are no handles just a shoulder strap , but it should be noted that the shoulder strap can be shortened to function like a handle if you so desire .	handle	neutral
The charger wo n't charge the battery ( tried it with two different batteries , one of which is new ) .	charger	neutral
The charger wo n't charge the battery ( tried it with two different batteries , one of which is new ) .	battery	neutral
The charger wo n't charge the battery ( tried it with two different batteries , one of which is new ) .	batteries	neutral
Disable any internal builtin wireless cards in your laptop .	builtin wireless cards	neutral
Single consumable : no need to worry about ink , paper , clogged print heads.- built - in bluetooth on a printer that costs less than the bluetooth option for other manufacturers ' printers- PictBridge support- whisper quiet- prints are smudge proof and do n't need to dry- Amazingly small and self contained ( printer itself is barely bigger than a deck of cards and does not require attaching any external accessories to be functional)- Great fun for kids and creative projects-	bluetooth	neutral
Single consumable : no need to worry about ink , paper , clogged print heads.- built - in bluetooth on a printer that costs less than the bluetooth option for other manufacturers ' printers- PictBridge support- whisper quiet- prints are smudge proof and do n't need to dry- Amazingly small and self contained ( printer itself is barely bigger than a deck of cards and does not require attaching any external accessories to be functional)- Great fun for kids and creative projects-	PictBridge support-	neutral
The trackpad would completely free / become erratic but only when plugged into the wall outlet .	trackpad	neutral
Downloaded the Ralink drivers - and - THEY WORK !	Ralink drivers	neutral
on the product detail section it does not include the sandisk sansa fuze .	product detail section	neutral
on the product detail section it does not include the sandisk sansa fuze .	sandisk sansa fuze	neutral
I MIGHT get a super industrial strength cover -- but for right now , this is good .	cover	neutral
I miss the delete button present in every other laptop , and I also miss the ability to delete files by simply pressing " delete .	delete button	neutral
I miss the delete button present in every other laptop , and I also miss the ability to delete files by simply pressing " delete .	delete	neutral
The two drivers gives it a richer tone than the one driver speakers that I have .	two drivers	neutral
The two drivers gives it a richer tone than the one driver speakers that I have .	one driver	neutral
The two drivers gives it a richer tone than the one driver speakers that I have .	speakers	neutral
This charger allows me to use and charge many different devices without the need to take all of the different wall chargers .	charger	neutral
If you have a desktop , you do n't need something like this - a conventional fan would work better .	fan	neutral
The incase cover was n't nearly as vented .	incase cover	neutral
when UBS 3 . 0 became the norm .	UBS 3 . 0	neutral
Works very well .	Works	neutral
Even at this price point , I think you 're better off buying something else .	price point	neutral
symbol loud and clear ) and it charges quickly and reliably .	charges	neutral
You can clone the disk to a usb drive and install from there if you have a tray drive on one computer and need to install on a slot - only laptop , for example .	disk	neutral
You can clone the disk to a usb drive and install from there if you have a tray drive on one computer and need to install on a slot - only laptop , for example .	usb drive	neutral
You can clone the disk to a usb drive and install from there if you have a tray drive on one computer and need to install on a slot - only laptop , for example .	tray drive	neutral
You can clone the disk to a usb drive and install from there if you have a tray drive on one computer and need to install on a slot - only laptop , for example .	slot	neutral
The Samsung also does not come with the ports I mentions , so you pay more for much less .	ports	neutral
Oh , and one more small complaint ( which I have seen that I 'm not the only one ) is the keyboard layout	keyboard layout	neutral
And off course it does n't support features like creating a mesh network , functioning as a repeater , repeater bridge or client bridge .	features	neutral
And off course it does n't support features like creating a mesh network , functioning as a repeater , repeater bridge or client bridge .	mesh network	neutral
And off course it does n't support features like creating a mesh network , functioning as a repeater , repeater bridge or client bridge .	repeater	neutral
Once I did that I noticed slightly higher mAh stats and my system also seemed to estimate the time to battery discharge more accurately .	mAh stats	neutral
Once I did that I noticed slightly higher mAh stats and my system also seemed to estimate the time to battery discharge more accurately .	battery discharge	neutral
The colors popped .	colors	neutral
The major problem with this mouse is that it often takes a long time to connect with bluetooth .	mouse	neutral
While the plastic is solid and feels sturdy enough , it 's very easily scratched , so it 's best to purchase a sleeve or case of some sort to keep it safe whenever you 're not using it .	plastic	neutral
Ca n't complain much since 10 bucks for a laptop sleeve with this material is great value !	material	neutral
It does not come with an iPad charger , mind you .	iPad charger	neutral
Btw Apple charges 129 $ for a replacement battery .	battery	neutral
Some video cards come with a HDMI to DVI dongle in the video card box .	video cards	neutral
Some video cards come with a HDMI to DVI dongle in the video card box .	HDMI to DVI dongle	neutral
Some video cards come with a HDMI to DVI dongle in the video card box .	video card	neutral
I got this to replace the exhausted battery for my HP Pavillion G71 .	battery	neutral
Fast shipping .	shipping	neutral
but then we tried with other HDMI cable and yes , it worked , so	HDMI cable	neutral
No one wants to pay Apple 's ridiculous price for a replacement battery , but I suggest you look elsewhere for an inexpensive alternative .	price	neutral
No one wants to pay Apple 's ridiculous price for a replacement battery , but I suggest you look elsewhere for an inexpensive alternative .	battery	neutral
Have been using this power supply daily for over 2 months now and it has performed perfectly - just like the original that I also still use daily .	power supply	neutral
By default , before blanking the screen or sleeping the Aspire One will run a fancy 3-d Acer screen saver for a while , which takes significant power ( the fan speeds up ! )	screen saver	neutral
By default , before blanking the screen or sleeping the Aspire One will run a fancy 3-d Acer screen saver for a while , which takes significant power ( the fan speeds up ! )	fan	neutral
There are messages in a few places saying , " This feature will be added / updated soon " with an upcoming firmware version .	feature	neutral
There are messages in a few places saying , " This feature will be added / updated soon " with an upcoming firmware version .	firmware	neutral
Automatically shuts itself off after 5 minutes of non - use .	use	neutral
If you only have a cd player with no inputs	cd player	neutral
It 's built out of heavy sheet metal .	sheet metal	neutral
The battery itself holds a charge wonderfully and fits in the laptop as expected .	battery	neutral
The battery itself holds a charge wonderfully and fits in the laptop as expected .	charge	neutral
The Havit offers up the old - time simplicity that many people will love .	simplicity	neutral
The Notepal stand is cleverly designed for taking along when you leave home .	Notepal stand	neutral
This quality is like a European import , and I am not talking Yugo ; maybe I should say German import .	quality	neutral
Playing some of my DVD and Bluray collection on the laptop looks amazing .	Bluray	neutral
I guess this could mean that there is a Mac compatibility issue .	Mac compatibility	neutral
Apparently when tied to the Mac via HDMI you are limited on what you can change in the set - up .	HDMI	neutral
Apparently when tied to the Mac via HDMI you are limited on what you can change in the set - up .	set - up	neutral
The flap folds in just like an envelope would so if you need to charge from the left or access the " trap door ports " you can do so without removing the sleeve .	flap	neutral
The flap folds in just like an envelope would so if you need to charge from the left or access the " trap door ports " you can do so without removing the sleeve .	charge	neutral
The flap folds in just like an envelope would so if you need to charge from the left or access the " trap door ports " you can do so without removing the sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
For the $ 22 this mouse costs ( at the time of writing ) you ca n't do much better .	mouse	neutral
This did not happen with this mouse .	mouse	neutral
so I decided to try out this RAM to see .	RAM	neutral
Cable quality is good as are the connectors , the VGA slot had screw fastenings so you can just stick it onto a cable permanently if you wish for easy carrying .	Cable quality	neutral
Cable quality is good as are the connectors , the VGA slot had screw fastenings so you can just stick it onto a cable permanently if you wish for easy carrying .	connectors	neutral
Cable quality is good as are the connectors , the VGA slot had screw fastenings so you can just stick it onto a cable permanently if you wish for easy carrying .	VGA slot	neutral
Cable quality is good as are the connectors , the VGA slot had screw fastenings so you can just stick it onto a cable permanently if you wish for easy carrying .	screw	neutral
The keyboard dock is really usable , and I appreciated having it when I was typing longer emails and editing office documents .	keyboard dock	neutral
Fits snug as if it was meant for the AC adapter from the start .	AC adapter	neutral
The battery fit in our HP laptop .	battery	neutral
I would certainly get another square trade warranty for anything I get her ...	square trade warranty	neutral
I was told that to experience the picture quality comparison with other TV 's - go to your local favorite electronics store - walk in the TV section and look for the brightest TV , and it will always by a Samsung !	picture quality	neutral
And its design is perfect for my ipad and/or a small laptop , phone , travel pillow , wallet , tickets , etc ... all things I want readily available in my carry on luggage , but still want to be safe and secure .	design	neutral
What 's disappointing is that it is impossible to find anyone selling that cable right now .	cable	neutral
Great for e - mail and internet browsing .	internet browsing	neutral
It comes with an installation disc and a usb connected base that you can use if you want to place the adapter in a different spot.**Update	usb connected base	neutral
It comes with an installation disc and a usb connected base that you can use if you want to place the adapter in a different spot.**Update	adapter	neutral
The quality and sound are outstanding .	quality	neutral
The quality and sound are outstanding .	sound	neutral
I put these in a good size room and the sound is good even in the highes volume .	sound	neutral
When I pointed out that I had several e - mails from them stating that my warranty would not expire until Apr. 30 and that the e - mail 's could be used as evidence in court , they put me on hold until finally agreeing that they would honor the Apr. 30 expiration date .	warranty	neutral
Bought the type D adapters from same brand .	type D adapters	neutral
There is a problem where if I plug the printer into a different USB port , Windows 7 will not ' find ' the printer and will add a ' new ' printer via plug ' n play , so always use the same USB port .	USB port	neutral
There is a problem where if I plug the printer into a different USB port , Windows 7 will not ' find ' the printer and will add a ' new ' printer via plug ' n play , so always use the same USB port .	Windows 7	neutral
There is a problem where if I plug the printer into a different USB port , Windows 7 will not ' find ' the printer and will add a ' new ' printer via plug ' n play , so always use the same USB port .	USB port	neutral
After I installed Ubuntu on it , I was blown away .	Ubuntu	neutral
For any Linux users who may be out there wanting to dual boot : The IdeaPad will come with 4 partitions already installed ( 2 of them being Lenovo recovery partitions ) .	recovery partitions	neutral
I use it with my Sansa Clip Zip .	Sansa Clip Zip	neutral
It will be nice if you can add a soft back light to enhance contrast and make your TV look better .	back light	neutral
It will be nice if you can add a soft back light to enhance contrast and make your TV look better .	contrast	neutral
The sound this nifty wireless speaker produces is amazing .	sound	neutral
This is a six month old computer folks and all I did was open it to use it and was confronted with the black blotch on the screen .	screen	neutral
The BIOS is locked .	BIOS	neutral
I then removed and reinstalled the software from the supplied CD , and then the internet connection via my Linksys high speed wireless router and Comcast cable Motorola modem was made .	software	neutral
I then removed and reinstalled the software from the supplied CD , and then the internet connection via my Linksys high speed wireless router and Comcast cable Motorola modem was made .	internet connection	neutral
2006 Core Duo 1 .	Core Duo 1	neutral
My only complaint ( and reason for 4 out of 5 stars ) is the speakers .	speakers	neutral
My micro - usb port is on the left side , and my charger is plugged in on the right side of the bed , but this is no longer an issue .	micro - usb port	neutral
My micro - usb port is on the left side , and my charger is plugged in on the right side of the bed , but this is no longer an issue .	charger	neutral
Call me crazy , but if something 's battery powered it should have something to tell you how the battery 's doing .	battery powered	neutral
Call me crazy , but if something 's battery powered it should have something to tell you how the battery 's doing .	battery	neutral
After about four hours of trouble - shooting on his Windows 7 laptop he finally got the adapter to continuously work ; previously it would only work so long as its connection window was open .	Windows 7	neutral
After about four hours of trouble - shooting on his Windows 7 laptop he finally got the adapter to continuously work ; previously it would only work so long as its connection window was open .	adapter	neutral
After about four hours of trouble - shooting on his Windows 7 laptop he finally got the adapter to continuously work ; previously it would only work so long as its connection window was open .	connection window	neutral
The font size is easily adjustable , but would require more scrolling .	font size	neutral
However , the strap is broad .	strap	neutral
It is definitely a purchase that you would never regret -- the pockets ( inside the case and outside ) are just perfect so to say ( but not entirely perfect ) .	pockets	neutral
ADJUSTABLE PLUG PRONGS FOR BEST OUTLET FIT IS NICE .	OUTLET FIT	neutral
Build quality not bad .	Build quality	neutral
I bought this for the number of ports as well as the two accessible top ports .	ports	neutral
Bought this recently to find out what info was on several hard drives .	hard drives	neutral
Upon coming home I plugged it into my iMac and effortlessly loaded clips onto iMovie .	iMovie	neutral
end cord on the power adapter .	power adapter	neutral
The second time I traveled with the new battery , the netbook malfunctioned .	battery	neutral
Occasionally , the devices I connect to the unit loses power , and I have to push it back into the socket .	power	neutral
More adaptors than cables itself .	adaptors	neutral
More adaptors than cables itself .	cables	neutral
Battery is as strong as the OEM 's , holds a charge well and fits perfectly .	Battery	neutral
Battery is as strong as the OEM 's , holds a charge well and fits perfectly .	charge	neutral
It is a fraction of the cost and has twice as much life as my stock battery !	cost	neutral
It is a fraction of the cost and has twice as much life as my stock battery !	life	neutral
It is a fraction of the cost and has twice as much life as my stock battery !	battery	neutral
The cable length is better than what I had before .	cable length	neutral
Not too big , plenty of compartments , decent quality for high use	compartments	neutral
Asus has sent out a survey , and part of it was about the gloss casing & fingerprint issue , so probably in a few more years when I shop for a new netbook , Asus will probably offer different cases .	gloss casing	neutral
Asus has sent out a survey , and part of it was about the gloss casing & fingerprint issue , so probably in a few more years when I shop for a new netbook , Asus will probably offer different cases .	fingerprint	neutral
The headphone jack sounds good and video processing is speedy enough for glitch - free video production .	headphone jack	neutral
The headphone jack sounds good and video processing is speedy enough for glitch - free video production .	video processing	neutral
The headphone jack sounds good and video processing is speedy enough for glitch - free video production .	video production	neutral
I used this USB a couple times to transfer a big file between PCs but now when I plug the USB to my laptop , Windows always said that the USB does n't have a format , but when I try to format the drive a warning pops up and ca n't format the USB .	USB	neutral
I used this USB a couple times to transfer a big file between PCs but now when I plug the USB to my laptop , Windows always said that the USB does n't have a format , but when I try to format the drive a warning pops up and ca n't format the USB .	USB	neutral
I used this USB a couple times to transfer a big file between PCs but now when I plug the USB to my laptop , Windows always said that the USB does n't have a format , but when I try to format the drive a warning pops up and ca n't format the USB .	USB	neutral
I used this USB a couple times to transfer a big file between PCs but now when I plug the USB to my laptop , Windows always said that the USB does n't have a format , but when I try to format the drive a warning pops up and ca n't format the USB .	USB	neutral
I received my charger promptly .	charger	neutral
But still it 's hard for me to find the drivers and install properly .	drivers	neutral
just half the price !	price	neutral
Does n't lag ... so far games like BTD5 , no problem .	games	neutral
I repeated several times and still could not get the card to work in my Dell D600	card	neutral
This is also annoying when using UNIX because the AMD drivers tend to be pretty crappy compared to the NVIDIA ones .	UNIX	neutral
This is also annoying when using UNIX because the AMD drivers tend to be pretty crappy compared to the NVIDIA ones .	AMD drivers	neutral
This is also annoying when using UNIX because the AMD drivers tend to be pretty crappy compared to the NVIDIA ones .	NVIDIA	neutral
No problems putting it to use with the Syba 3 port PCI - e card .	Syba	neutral
No problems putting it to use with the Syba 3 port PCI - e card .	3 port	neutral
No problems putting it to use with the Syba 3 port PCI - e card .	PCI - e card	neutral
Touch screens = smudges .	Touch screens	neutral
However , for the price it 's acceptable .	price	neutral
I like the Apple 's way of function keys , pretty easy to use and only contains what we exactly need .	function keys	neutral
I like the Apple 's way of function keys , pretty easy to use and only contains what we exactly need .	use	neutral
random flashing and sometimes completely unusable garbled display issues make it impossible to recommend anyone buys this until apple fixes whatever driver issues are affecting this .	display	neutral
random flashing and sometimes completely unusable garbled display issues make it impossible to recommend anyone buys this until apple fixes whatever driver issues are affecting this .	driver	neutral
There 's a tiny ring at one end of the lanyard for attaching the unit to a keyring .	lanyard	neutral
I 'm a demanding , somewhat perfectionistic guy , and I find flicking around between different full - screen applications , Mission Control , and Launchpad , to be a joy .	applications	neutral
I 'm a demanding , somewhat perfectionistic guy , and I find flicking around between different full - screen applications , Mission Control , and Launchpad , to be a joy .	Mission Control	neutral
I 'm a demanding , somewhat perfectionistic guy , and I find flicking around between different full - screen applications , Mission Control , and Launchpad , to be a joy .	Launchpad	neutral
Top customer support with pc 's and pc products , is sketchy .	customer support	neutral
If you are used to a more sprawling full - sized keyboard , then things are slightly more compact , but this is to be expected on a laptop .	keyboard	neutral
We purchased this charger to replace one that blew in a lightening strike .	charger	neutral
i had it hidden behind my speakers	speakers	neutral
I 'm used to being able to double - tap for right - click , triple - tap for middle click , but that 's been removed from the Synaptics software .	Synaptics software	neutral
works fine charges battery to laptop , just gets hot sometimes .	battery	neutral
Great to have a replacement battery for the laptop .	battery	neutral
Long battery life , memory card reader , 3 . 0 ports , and came withwindows 7 professional .	battery life	neutral
Long battery life , memory card reader , 3 . 0 ports , and came withwindows 7 professional .	memory card reader	neutral
Long battery life , memory card reader , 3 . 0 ports , and came withwindows 7 professional .	3 . 0 ports	neutral
You can use it as a stand , which can be good for typing	stand	neutral
So , I 'm not sure if there are batteries out there that can hold a charge for a longer period of time ( the factory battery on the dell	batteries	neutral
So , I 'm not sure if there are batteries out there that can hold a charge for a longer period of time ( the factory battery on the dell	charge	neutral
So , I 'm not sure if there are batteries out there that can hold a charge for a longer period of time ( the factory battery on the dell	battery	neutral
Size is good .	Size	neutral
I attempted to remove the speaker cover to take a look , but it appears to be sealed .	speaker cover	neutral
I have the body , three lenses , cleaning supplies , filters , flash , LED lights , blower , chargers , batteries and my laptop	body	neutral
I have the body , three lenses , cleaning supplies , filters , flash , LED lights , blower , chargers , batteries and my laptop	cleaning supplies	neutral
I have the body , three lenses , cleaning supplies , filters , flash , LED lights , blower , chargers , batteries and my laptop	filters	neutral
I have the body , three lenses , cleaning supplies , filters , flash , LED lights , blower , chargers , batteries and my laptop	flash	neutral
I have the body , three lenses , cleaning supplies , filters , flash , LED lights , blower , chargers , batteries and my laptop	LED lights	neutral
I have the body , three lenses , cleaning supplies , filters , flash , LED lights , blower , chargers , batteries and my laptop	batteries	neutral
I only opened it each time I had to write a receipt for my business , and each time it performed flawlessly .	performed	neutral
The compartments are to narrow to accommodate it without looking stuffed or stress the zippers .	compartments	neutral
The compartments are to narrow to accommodate it without looking stuffed or stress the zippers .	zippers	neutral
This keyboard is well done , the keys high enough to be easy to use , and flexible enough that a simple touch makes them work well .	keyboard	neutral
This keyboard is well done , the keys high enough to be easy to use , and flexible enough that a simple touch makes them work well .	keys	neutral
This keyboard is well done , the keys high enough to be easy to use , and flexible enough that a simple touch makes them work well .	use	neutral
Sturdy and appears well built .	built	neutral
The design of the case of your laptop / netbook may affect how it is retained by the cooling pad ; the metal at the front of the unit is bent upwards to form a lip , but my laptop 's case has a very streamlined curve to it at the front , giving the lip nothing to make contact with .	design	neutral
The design of the case of your laptop / netbook may affect how it is retained by the cooling pad ; the metal at the front of the unit is bent upwards to form a lip , but my laptop 's case has a very streamlined curve to it at the front , giving the lip nothing to make contact with .	cooling pad	neutral
The design of the case of your laptop / netbook may affect how it is retained by the cooling pad ; the metal at the front of the unit is bent upwards to form a lip , but my laptop 's case has a very streamlined curve to it at the front , giving the lip nothing to make contact with .	metal	neutral
I had to turn it on then had to switch on , off the wifi switch in the settings	wifi switch	neutral
The bright power light on the wall plug face immediately tells you whether the outlet is powered .	power light	neutral
The bright power light on the wall plug face immediately tells you whether the outlet is powered .	wall plug face	neutral
For the price , I can not imagine you will find a better laptop on the market .	price	neutral
Its very difficult to get it to project to a monitor through the thunderbolt .	thunderbolt	neutral
super small - this thing is tiny , which coupled with the weight makes this an extremely portable notebook .	weight	neutral
But with that installed , I get samba sharing of the USB connected device .	USB connected device	neutral
It is very nice as a single function device .	function	neutral
I love the nice , crisp display .	display	neutral
The service I consider suspect .	service	neutral
At least then you know quality should be better .	quality	neutral
Be sure the SSD is a 7 mm height drive such as a Samsung 840 . 2 .	SSD	neutral
Truly a win if you have a tight budget and want a 27 inch monitor .	budget	neutral
Truly a win if you have a tight budget and want a 27 inch monitor .	27 inch monitor	neutral
It 's been about two months and the fans are starting to show signs of bearing wear .	fans	neutral
Also there is a button on top of it that activates Windows Messenger or something , I never have any need for that	Windows Messenger	neutral
Says it goes up to 10 - 15 m which is about 30 - 50 feet , Maybe on a fresh battery .	battery	neutral
but at $ 350 category you get more functionality for your money with a Windows 8 touch notebooks .	functionality	neutral
but at $ 350 category you get more functionality for your money with a Windows 8 touch notebooks .	Windows 8 touch	neutral
Over the course of a few days , I noticed much to my surprise , the residual air bubbles dissolved and disappeared and the screen protector has totally adhered to the LCD screen with no air bubbles or flaws .	screen protector	neutral
Over the course of a few days , I noticed much to my surprise , the residual air bubbles dissolved and disappeared and the screen protector has totally adhered to the LCD screen with no air bubbles or flaws .	LCD screen	neutral
Instead of one being the " Power LED " and the other being an " Activity LED " they both blink when the drive is active and stay lit when the drive is turned on .	Power LED	neutral
Instead of one being the " Power LED " and the other being an " Activity LED " they both blink when the drive is active and stay lit when the drive is turned on .	Activity LED	neutral
Instead of one being the " Power LED " and the other being an " Activity LED " they both blink when the drive is active and stay lit when the drive is turned on .	drive	neutral
Excellent quality and the pouch is indeed large enough to hold the power supply as well as a mouse .	pouch	neutral
Excellent quality and the pouch is indeed large enough to hold the power supply as well as a mouse .	power supply	neutral
Excellent quality and the pouch is indeed large enough to hold the power supply as well as a mouse .	mouse	neutral
My motherboard only has two usb 3 . 0 ports , and I found myself in need of more .	motherboard	neutral
My motherboard only has two usb 3 . 0 ports , and I found myself in need of more .	usb 3 . 0 ports	neutral
This is a good power supply and a good value for an 80 + unit .	power supply	neutral
If you pack lightly , you do n't have a bunch of floppy fabric to deal with !	fabric	neutral
Love the wide screen monitor .	wide screen monitor	neutral
Subtracting 1 star because of the the limited protection ( a piece of foam ) for the hard drive and the included sleeve just is n't gon na protect the drive from drops .	hard drive	neutral
Worked like a charm just by plugging it in and the life has been good ( though nothing outstanding - a few hours solid though , and much better than the half a second the previous battery lasted ! ) .	life	neutral
Worked like a charm just by plugging it in and the life has been good ( though nothing outstanding - a few hours solid though , and much better than the half a second the previous battery lasted ! ) .	battery	neutral
The case is contoured slightly to assist in puling it out of the USB port .	case	neutral
The case is contoured slightly to assist in puling it out of the USB port .	USB port	neutral
Yep , with the battery I bought , this was also part of the package .	battery	neutral
Some Asian and European models have a Bluray / DVD combo drive or a Bluray - RW drive .	Bluray / DVD combo drive	neutral
Some Asian and European models have a Bluray / DVD combo drive or a Bluray - RW drive .	Bluray - RW drive	neutral
but , this cable will NOT allow you to put separate displays on 2 different monitors ( example .	cable	neutral
but , this cable will NOT allow you to put separate displays on 2 different monitors ( example .	displays	neutral
6 inch Macbook Air perfectly and has really nice padding .	padding	neutral
The weight is about 4 pounds .	weight	neutral
so I have 64 GB storage	64 GB storage	neutral
the only negative thing i have to say about this is the keyboard cover .	keyboard cover	neutral
If you can use a USB " its BETTER !	USB "	neutral
The color of the case itself is a little closer to a frosty peach than a frosty pink , but it 's still very cute .	color	neutral
The color of the case itself is a little closer to a frosty peach than a frosty pink , but it 's still very cute .	case	neutral
It seems to charge pretty quickly .	charge	neutral
( Yes , I will be able to use the cables that come with it to attach to this cable to connect that phono to my receiver 's front aux jack , as well!)NOTE :	cables	neutral
Make sure you charge it for a full day before using it , but otherwise this battery is a perfect match to the OEM Apple battery except the color is slightly ( barely ) different .	battery	neutral
Make sure you charge it for a full day before using it , but otherwise this battery is a perfect match to the OEM Apple battery except the color is slightly ( barely ) different .	battery	neutral
Make sure you charge it for a full day before using it , but otherwise this battery is a perfect match to the OEM Apple battery except the color is slightly ( barely ) different .	color	neutral
In not time at all , the battery was installed , the laptop immediately booted and hubby sat in his chair with the laptop on his lap and surfed the net for almost five hours before needing a recharge .	battery	neutral
Keyboard is not as good as a full size PC type keyboard but is pretty good .	Keyboard	neutral
Nonetheless , I kept the product because I could n't be without my computer for a week while waiting for a replacement , and I figured for the price , it would do until I was able to purchase a better replacement .	price	neutral
Without AC connected it lasts 10 minutes .	AC	neutral
Difference is build quality .	build quality	neutral
You really do not need a mouse and dragging on the screen is much easier than using a touchpad .	mouse	neutral
You really do not need a mouse and dragging on the screen is much easier than using a touchpad .	screen	neutral
You really do not need a mouse and dragging on the screen is much easier than using a touchpad .	touchpad	neutral
Was hoping this could help minimize cable clutter with my laptop .	cable	neutral
Depending on your OS , the card will either be recognized immediately or you may need to do some configuration	card	neutral
Depending on your OS , the card will either be recognized immediately or you may need to do some configuration	configuration	neutral
I bought a number of micro - USB cables for my new phone	micro - USB cables	neutral
I play Civilization 5 on my retina MacBook Pro and after about 20 minutes my processor starts bogging down because of the heat ; with this $ 6 fan , I have not been getting any heat issues at all ( except once , where my laptop was charging while I was playing)!There	processor	neutral
There are a handful of reasons the ring is better:-Continuous scrolling instead of ' tap - and - drag ' repeatedly for things like zoom , scroll or size changes ( e. g. ,	scrolling	neutral
There are a handful of reasons the ring is better:-Continuous scrolling instead of ' tap - and - drag ' repeatedly for things like zoom , scroll or size changes ( e. g. ,	zoom	neutral
There are a handful of reasons the ring is better:-Continuous scrolling instead of ' tap - and - drag ' repeatedly for things like zoom , scroll or size changes ( e. g. ,	size	neutral
Overall 4 because the site did say that support is on the way and the only bugs I found on the device where on a beta firmware , when the release the firmware with official Nexus 4 support , ill update this review .	support	neutral
Overall 4 because the site did say that support is on the way and the only bugs I found on the device where on a beta firmware , when the release the firmware with official Nexus 4 support , ill update this review .	firmware	neutral
Overall 4 because the site did say that support is on the way and the only bugs I found on the device where on a beta firmware , when the release the firmware with official Nexus 4 support , ill update this review .	firmware	neutral
Overall 4 because the site did say that support is on the way and the only bugs I found on the device where on a beta firmware , when the release the firmware with official Nexus 4 support , ill update this review .	Nexus 4 support	neutral
I plan on attempting to smooth the edges because it is rough enough to be annoying .	edges	neutral
With Admin rights those malware can easily infect deep within your " recovery partitions ' !	recovery partitions	neutral
Replaced the lost original Samsung Series 7 Slate charger with this one and it has performed quite well and the price was very good .	performed	neutral
Replaced the lost original Samsung Series 7 Slate charger with this one and it has performed quite well and the price was very good .	price	neutral
One tip though , run a carabiner through the outside zippers to keep them from working down the side and dumping you gear .	outside zippers	neutral
Lots of pre - installed apps to delete .	apps	neutral
Lots of pre - installed apps to delete .	delete	neutral
No oddball video port as you 'd have to deal with on the Mac	video port	neutral
I 've used it as my primary charger since day 1 .	charger	neutral
and I would suggest being really gentle if you remove the batteryto avoid snapping something .	batteryto	neutral
It is a single drive NAS	single drive NAS	neutral
But there 's a removable sliding door on the bottom and it was folded up in there .	sliding door	neutral
The main advantage of this is the direction that the plugs are oriented .	plugs	neutral
The only thing I do n't like is the power supply cord from the adapter to the computer : it kinks easily and is very stiff , probably a solid wire and not braided - bound to eventually fail .	power supply cord	neutral
The small size does n't take up a lot of room in my laptop bag or add a lot of weight , like a full - sized surge protector would .	size	neutral
The small size does n't take up a lot of room in my laptop bag or add a lot of weight , like a full - sized surge protector would .	surge protector	neutral
Bringing you to Metro & # 62 ; click & # 34;add Account&#34 ; & # 62 ; & # 34;Sign in without MS accout&#34 ; located at bottom of page & # 62 ; & # 34;Local Accout&#34 ; & # 62 ; create new user name and PWYou have 2 options on Signing IN1 )	MS accout&#34	neutral
I have found nothing to criticize on this entire device other than , the backspace button for some reason is labeled Delete instead of backspace .	backspace button	neutral
I have found nothing to criticize on this entire device other than , the backspace button for some reason is labeled Delete instead of backspace .	Delete	neutral
After two days of working with it , I would n't say that I 'm in love with it nor could I say that the concept of using a glorified browser and cloud services seems as preposterous as I had once imagined .	browser	neutral
After two days of working with it , I would n't say that I 'm in love with it nor could I say that the concept of using a glorified browser and cloud services seems as preposterous as I had once imagined .	cloud services	neutral
No cords , no noisey fans , an extra USB port , it is a perfect size for my 17 " laptop , and it keeps my laptop cool !	cords	neutral
No cords , no noisey fans , an extra USB port , it is a perfect size for my 17 " laptop , and it keeps my laptop cool !	fans	neutral
No cords , no noisey fans , an extra USB port , it is a perfect size for my 17 " laptop , and it keeps my laptop cool !	USB port	neutral
No cords , no noisey fans , an extra USB port , it is a perfect size for my 17 " laptop , and it keeps my laptop cool !	size	neutral
With due care , it 's a great little speaker at a great price .	price	neutral
The only issue I had was having to turn off legacy usb support in my BIOS , without that my system would n't boot with it hooked up .	legacy usb support	neutral
The only issue I had was having to turn off legacy usb support in my BIOS , without that my system would n't boot with it hooked up .	BIOS	neutral
The entire keyboard area is black ( both keys and background ) .	keyboard area	neutral
) lined MP3 player pocket .	MP3 player pocket	neutral
I use those in this Bluetooth speaker to replace the one that came with it and those will make the bluetooth speaker play for 4 to 5 hours .	Bluetooth speaker	neutral
I use those in this Bluetooth speaker to replace the one that came with it and those will make the bluetooth speaker play for 4 to 5 hours .	bluetooth speaker	neutral
And even when in exact position you only get minimul coolingmy laptop fan still runs constant to cool	coolingmy	neutral
And even when in exact position you only get minimul coolingmy laptop fan still runs constant to cool	fan	neutral
This product loses a star for including a poor cable .	cable	neutral
Paring is automatic .	Paring	neutral
i love this thing , my macbook gets very great protection , it 's looks really good , and you can see the apple light come on out of nowhere !	protection	neutral
i love this thing , my macbook gets very great protection , it 's looks really good , and you can see the apple light come on out of nowhere !	apple light	neutral
The microfiber cloth cleaned much better and was able to get everything off my screen .	microfiber cloth	neutral
The microfiber cloth cleaned much better and was able to get everything off my screen .	screen	neutral
I wish I would have a single partition .	partition	neutral
The unit was delivered quickly and works fine .	works	neutral
The only part I disliked was that placing the laptop on the stand constantly makes a small " dent " as a result of the stabilizing legs of the laptop .	stand	neutral
I 've had no issue with the zipper , or with it scratching my Macbook Air	zipper	neutral
Light gaming and able to hold multiple tabs without slowing down .	gaming	neutral
The only good thing about this filter is the anti - glare it provides for the user .	filter	neutral
The asus site has completely inaccurate information on how to build a repair disk for this laptop , and how to access its factory reset partition .	repair disk	neutral
It will work and hour or two , then makes the audible sounds of a USB device being " plugged in " the " Unplugged " and does this over and over and will not allow any connections ? ! ? !	USB device	neutral
I have one in each of my lens because I have lost way too many caps .	caps	neutral
Honestly , I did n't need to use it as much - the cloth and spray were good enough .	cloth	neutral
Honestly , I did n't need to use it as much - the cloth and spray were good enough .	spray	neutral
the ventilation holes really help to keep my laptop cool .	ventilation holes	neutral
There are currently no skins available for this size / model .	skins	neutral
I do not use the long shoulder strap ( like I used to with my messenger bag ) since I could not get a length and feel that I liked .	shoulder strap	neutral
Overall fit and finish is not the greatestWindows	finish	neutral
The goose neck is a good trade off between using sturdy steel and flexibility .	goose neck	neutral
A comfortable , ergonomic , well laid out keyboard , because besides editing photos I also write a lot .	keyboard	neutral
This package includes : The Sony VAIO VPXZ214GX laptopThe Power Media DockAC adapters for both the dock and the laptopThe external battery , which doubles the VAIO Z 's battery life , and adds minimal bulkSony noise - canceling headphones ( earbuds , actually ) Cleaning cloth and paperworkThis is a seriously nice package for the price .	Power Media DockAC adapters	neutral
This package includes : The Sony VAIO VPXZ214GX laptopThe Power Media DockAC adapters for both the dock and the laptopThe external battery , which doubles the VAIO Z 's battery life , and adds minimal bulkSony noise - canceling headphones ( earbuds , actually ) Cleaning cloth and paperworkThis is a seriously nice package for the price .	external battery	neutral
This package includes : The Sony VAIO VPXZ214GX laptopThe Power Media DockAC adapters for both the dock and the laptopThe external battery , which doubles the VAIO Z 's battery life , and adds minimal bulkSony noise - canceling headphones ( earbuds , actually ) Cleaning cloth and paperworkThis is a seriously nice package for the price .	battery life	neutral
This package includes : The Sony VAIO VPXZ214GX laptopThe Power Media DockAC adapters for both the dock and the laptopThe external battery , which doubles the VAIO Z 's battery life , and adds minimal bulkSony noise - canceling headphones ( earbuds , actually ) Cleaning cloth and paperworkThis is a seriously nice package for the price .	headphones	neutral
This package includes : The Sony VAIO VPXZ214GX laptopThe Power Media DockAC adapters for both the dock and the laptopThe external battery , which doubles the VAIO Z 's battery life , and adds minimal bulkSony noise - canceling headphones ( earbuds , actually ) Cleaning cloth and paperworkThis is a seriously nice package for the price .	Cleaning cloth	neutral
This package includes : The Sony VAIO VPXZ214GX laptopThe Power Media DockAC adapters for both the dock and the laptopThe external battery , which doubles the VAIO Z 's battery life , and adds minimal bulkSony noise - canceling headphones ( earbuds , actually ) Cleaning cloth and paperworkThis is a seriously nice package for the price .	price	neutral
When I replaced my hard drive I purchased this case thinking it would be durable .	hard drive	neutral
In addition Lenovo did n't load up the Z570 with a lot of bloatware .	bloatware	neutral
I initially updated iTunes and updated the operating system after placing my information to work wirelessly .	iTunes	neutral
I initially updated iTunes and updated the operating system after placing my information to work wirelessly .	operating system	neutral
It is Lightscribe and DL compatible .	Lightscribe	neutral
It is Lightscribe and DL compatible .	DL	neutral
I really like the look and solid feel of this laptop and its performance .	look	neutral
I really like the look and solid feel of this laptop and its performance .	performance	neutral
It took me a minute to figure out which way they were actually blowing ... and I have n't noticed any significant changes in the temperature of my laptop	temperature	neutral
We both love them , excellent sound for such a small system .	sound	neutral
We both love them , excellent sound for such a small system .	system	neutral
Attempting to run Audacity on an actual Chromebook results in an error message stating that Roozz is n't currently available for the platform .	platform	neutral
Works very well .	Works	neutral
I do n't think the hub lasted 2 months .	hub	neutral
Well worth the wait to get this easy to use cute USB port splitter .	use	neutral
Well worth the wait to get this easy to use cute USB port splitter .	USB port splitter	neutral
Now i have a keyboard that works .	keyboard	neutral
For example , this vendor charges only half the price for the same item - although it is still expensive in the absolute sense .	price	neutral
The Charger did not last more than a month before failing .	Charger	neutral
My first impression of this laptop is its big size .	size	neutral
Two of them are running air - cooled Phenom II 965 CPUs .	CPUs	neutral
Used about half of the battery yesterday after charging the Anker up all the way , my Nexus 7 was at around 65 % of a battery charge and took an hour and a half to charge up all the way with the Anker .	battery	neutral
Used about half of the battery yesterday after charging the Anker up all the way , my Nexus 7 was at around 65 % of a battery charge and took an hour and a half to charge up all the way with the Anker .	battery charge	neutral
Easy to set up .	set up	neutral
You need to first install the latest PRO drivers for the Intel mini PCI card you installed .	PRO drivers	neutral
You need to first install the latest PRO drivers for the Intel mini PCI card you installed .	Intel mini PCI card	neutral
I do n't know if this is a flaw in the battery or if the battery just behaves differently than the meter in my computer is calibrated for .	battery	neutral
I do n't know if this is a flaw in the battery or if the battery just behaves differently than the meter in my computer is calibrated for .	battery	neutral
With electric outlets at a premium near a computer center ( at least with ours they are ) that would need something like this port with its extra USB slots , it did n't matter how slim it was it	port	neutral
With electric outlets at a premium near a computer center ( at least with ours they are ) that would need something like this port with its extra USB slots , it did n't matter how slim it was it	USB slots	neutral
An aside is that all tech websites have good instructions on conditioning laptop batteries .	batteries	neutral
The multiple pockets make it easy to carry extra batteries and memory cards .	pockets	neutral
The multiple pockets make it easy to carry extra batteries and memory cards .	batteries	neutral
The multiple pockets make it easy to carry extra batteries and memory cards .	memory cards	neutral
The keyboardis very compact	keyboardis	neutral
I bought a general battery charger about 8 months ago for 100 + dollars only to find out it charged by time .	battery charger	neutral
Sony did a great job with the design , looks and also the special " Web " button .	design	neutral
Sony did a great job with the design , looks and also the special " Web " button .	looks	neutral
Sony did a great job with the design , looks and also the special " Web " button .	"	neutral
Sony did a great job with the design , looks and also the special " Web " button .	Web " button	neutral
The packing materials even state " no optical drive " .	packing materials	neutral
The packing materials even state " no optical drive " .	optical drive	neutral
I first tried the Netgear Push2TV , it worked right out of the box with my Kindle , however the video quality was very poor .	video quality	neutral
It still has an optical disk drive , making loading drivers and programs very convenient .	optical disk drive	neutral
It still has an optical disk drive , making loading drivers and programs very convenient .	drivers	neutral
It still has an optical disk drive , making loading drivers and programs very convenient .	programs	neutral
Very quick in processing 12 .	processing 12	neutral
Hard Drive Docking RX - DU300	Hard Drive Docking RX	neutral
If you are more concerned about general heat management for any laptop size , you may want to go with the Logitech anyway ... just remember that there will be some awkward overhang .	heat management	neutral
After spending four months trying to get Dell 's tech support people to simply acknowledge that the Inspiron 600 m has a problem with overheating while playing hi - end 3-D graphics games , I took a gamble and bought the Targus PA248U Tornado Notebook Chill Pad .	Dell 's tech support people	neutral
After spending four months trying to get Dell 's tech support people to simply acknowledge that the Inspiron 600 m has a problem with overheating while playing hi - end 3-D graphics games , I took a gamble and bought the Targus PA248U Tornado Notebook Chill Pad .	3-D graphics games	neutral
Each of these machines has a standard 10/100 for regular network connectivity .	network connectivity	neutral
What swayed me over to the Asus was the fact that the keyboard dock provided a space for extra storage and an extended battery , as well as two USB ports , and a Mini - HDMI port .	keyboard dock	neutral
What swayed me over to the Asus was the fact that the keyboard dock provided a space for extra storage and an extended battery , as well as two USB ports , and a Mini - HDMI port .	extended battery	neutral
What swayed me over to the Asus was the fact that the keyboard dock provided a space for extra storage and an extended battery , as well as two USB ports , and a Mini - HDMI port .	USB ports	neutral
What swayed me over to the Asus was the fact that the keyboard dock provided a space for extra storage and an extended battery , as well as two USB ports , and a Mini - HDMI port .	Mini - HDMI port	neutral
It 's a great item to have for an external hard drive or just to upgrade your laptop or computer .	external hard drive	neutral
The advantage that the SONY has is the awesome keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
It works great .	works	neutral
While not the most stylish bag , it fits perfectly and has a memory foam casing .	memory foam casing	neutral
It is full - featured Google Chrome , and it is fast and responsive .	Google Chrome	neutral
However , you have to take into consideration the price point for this monitor .	price point	neutral
The quality and thought put in to this bag trump anything out there that can be double the price .	price	neutral
It 's wireless connectivity - this item connects to a variety of devices without the use of cables .	wireless connectivity	neutral
If you are expecting a high end battery , this is not it .	battery	neutral
I like the aluminum cover and the fact that it does not have a glossy finish .	aluminum cover	neutral
I like the aluminum cover and the fact that it does not have a glossy finish .	finish	neutral
I 'm a bit down on Windows 8 , especially on a non - touchscreen , but the daughter has no real issues using it	Windows 8	neutral
A few minutes ago , I made the mistake of trying to open an MS Word Doc .	MS Word Doc	neutral
Save your money and buy Netflix or Hulu Plus , They are far superior services .	services	neutral
Whatever , the cable works good , buy it	cable	neutral
I bought this drive at Sam 's Club about 4 months ago and I am very happy with it .	drive	neutral
The cover also can be used as an angled , raised stand .	cover	neutral
The cover also can be used as an angled , raised stand .	stand	neutral
because for less than $ 35 you can get double the cores with an AMD Quadcore A6 - 1450 , double the Ram at 4 GB , bigger 11 .	cores	neutral
because for less than $ 35 you can get double the cores with an AMD Quadcore A6 - 1450 , double the Ram at 4 GB , bigger 11 .	Quadcore	neutral
because for less than $ 35 you can get double the cores with an AMD Quadcore A6 - 1450 , double the Ram at 4 GB , bigger 11 .	Ram	neutral
because for less than $ 35 you can get double the cores with an AMD Quadcore A6 - 1450 , double the Ram at 4 GB , bigger 11 .	11	neutral
More recently , I called regarding the power - cord cracking where it attaches to the power - supply .	power - cord	neutral
More recently , I called regarding the power - cord cracking where it attaches to the power - supply .	power - supply	neutral
I really like this cover and trust it to keep my keyboard safe and secure .	cover	neutral
I really like this cover and trust it to keep my keyboard safe and secure .	keyboard	neutral
My two other complaint are the touchpad and the anemic sound from the speakers .	touchpad	neutral
My two other complaint are the touchpad and the anemic sound from the speakers .	sound	neutral
My two other complaint are the touchpad and the anemic sound from the speakers .	speakers	neutral
I can get my netbook into its sleeve without removing the drive .	drive	neutral
so the power jack ( and the vent next to it ) are pointing toward the ceiling .	power jack	neutral
Well worth the money to get such a boost in laptop speed .	speed	neutral
And fast shipping for Alaska .	shipping	neutral
The price is so cheap that I was skeptical	price	neutral
The delivery was 4 days later and that was awesome ! ! !	delivery	neutral
It does n't ' invade ' the limited amount of space within the keyboard case .	keyboard case	neutral
Put the cover back on with the front first .	cover	neutral
Plus all hoods , plus a Yonguo560 flash , not mention all caps , cleaning stuff , filters , batteries , cards , etc .	hoods	neutral
Plus all hoods , plus a Yonguo560 flash , not mention all caps , cleaning stuff , filters , batteries , cards , etc .	cleaning	neutral
Plus all hoods , plus a Yonguo560 flash , not mention all caps , cleaning stuff , filters , batteries , cards , etc .	batteries	neutral
I noticed that the TINY tabs that reach over the bottom part of the case to latch it onto the laptop are so small and fragile that one of the 4 was breaking from just being on the laptop , not having ever been removed .	case	neutral
OS X 10 .	OS X 10 .	neutral
The images transmitted with the PenPal are reduced in size andcompressed aggressively , just like the photos displayed on yourfavorite social networking site of faces .	PenPal	neutral
I thought about returning it right away , but decided to give it a try with a hdd .	hdd	neutral
You will want to get a size 13 - 2 ( MBA ) and a suspension strap ( it has a gripper pad on it ) .	size	neutral
You will want to get a size 13 - 2 ( MBA ) and a suspension strap ( it has a gripper pad on it ) .	suspension strap	neutral
You will want to get a size 13 - 2 ( MBA ) and a suspension strap ( it has a gripper pad on it ) .	gripper pad	neutral
While it is still technically covered under warranty , having read quite a few complaints about LG 's service ( or lack thereof ) , I do n't hold much hope in getting it repaired .	warranty	neutral
While it is still technically covered under warranty , having read quite a few complaints about LG 's service ( or lack thereof ) , I do n't hold much hope in getting it repaired .	LG 's service	neutral
So had to get another card or this usb dongle .	card	neutral
So had to get another card or this usb dongle .	usb dongle	neutral
My one and only down note is that when the iPad with it 's case is just a bit to wide for the attache .	case	neutral
it were n't for the challenges to get this working with nvidia card , I 'd probably rate it 4 stars .	nvidia card	neutral
I 'll give the Lowepro 350 to my brother or a friend who has a small camera system .	camera system	neutral
I bought this because the price was right and it had good reviews , but the thing is too small for a 17 " laptop .	price	neutral
I do n't have another similar case to compare , but the photos on Amazon make them appear soft - sided whereas BobJ 's case has a hard back .	back	neutral
These speakers actually deliver LESS volume than I get from my internal speakers , when both are at full volume .	speakers	neutral
These speakers actually deliver LESS volume than I get from my internal speakers , when both are at full volume .	volume	neutral
I removed the battery and then reinserted it .	battery	neutral
I do n't recall if I tested play / pause	play / pause	neutral
HDMI is listed in the description .	HDMI	neutral
This adapter works great .	adapter	neutral
This is a particularly heavy system and will make toting it around a chore .	system	neutral
That 's the right price , so get it instead .	price	neutral
This external hard drive is accompanied by an extremely short usb cable that is not useful .	external hard drive	neutral
This external hard drive is accompanied by an extremely short usb cable that is not useful .	usb cable	neutral
It must have a shoulder strap AND a handle to make carrying the bag easier	shoulder strap	neutral
It must have a shoulder strap AND a handle to make carrying the bag easier	handle	neutral
It may be that this is just myself having gotten used to the sound of the amp	sound	neutral
It may be that this is just myself having gotten used to the sound of the amp	amp	neutral
This mini keyboard is just fine for home theater PC use .	mini keyboard	neutral
Bought this card for use with BackTrack and it performs flawlessly with native injection support .	BackTrack	neutral
Bought this card for use with BackTrack and it performs flawlessly with native injection support .	performs	neutral
Bought this card for use with BackTrack and it performs flawlessly with native injection support .	native injection support	neutral
So , while this card definitely works , works great , and is an amazing deal it does n't have quite the range of other cards .	range	neutral
Video works , but the audio buzzes .	Video	neutral
Video works , but the audio buzzes .	audio	neutral
But for anyone that has struggled with an XP , Vista or ( soon )	XP	neutral
But for anyone that has struggled with an XP , Vista or ( soon )	Vista	neutral
I have to be careful that then I go to hit & # 8216;Del&#8217 ; that I stop because that is where the power button is located .	power button	neutral
Further , the zipper pull is large enough to hook my car keys on when in the library or at a meeting .	zipper pull	neutral
Nonetheless , there is no flex on the screen .	screen	neutral
Nice having a two prong adapter .	two prong adapter	neutral
The VX1000 is a much better deal and costs significantly less .	costs	neutral
This is a special pouch as it has an audio cable that plugs in to your player and the other end at one of the back straps for your earphone .	audio cable	neutral
This is a special pouch as it has an audio cable that plugs in to your player and the other end at one of the back straps for your earphone .	earphone	neutral
I found that when this drive is connected via USB to my computer ( a custom built computer with a DFI BloodIron P35-T2RL ) and with the hard drive plugged in the computer refused to boot , freezing during the POST .	DFI	neutral
I found that when this drive is connected via USB to my computer ( a custom built computer with a DFI BloodIron P35-T2RL ) and with the hard drive plugged in the computer refused to boot , freezing during the POST .	hard drive	neutral
I found that when this drive is connected via USB to my computer ( a custom built computer with a DFI BloodIron P35-T2RL ) and with the hard drive plugged in the computer refused to boot , freezing during the POST .	boot	neutral
Besides the price the main selling point for me was they open on the short end .	price	neutral
The charged battery was a perfect fit and allows almost four hours of usage .	charged battery	neutral
Wow , from the moment I saw the Android Honeycomb , I knew it would smash the iPad2 .	Android Honeycomb	neutral
There is plenty of space on the large hard drive , enough and more for your large and numerous software applications .	hard drive	neutral
There is plenty of space on the large hard drive , enough and more for your large and numerous software applications .	software applications	neutral
Just what I was looking for , at a very good price .	price	neutral
but once I listened to the sound emanating from it all that went away .	sound	neutral
Gigabyte hard drives started popping up in the late 90 's , but they cost hundreds of dollars .	hard drives	neutral
It 's a solid device , but the overall value is n't as good for the price range	value	neutral
It 's a solid device , but the overall value is n't as good for the price range	price range	neutral
I 'm not an audiophile by any stretch , but even I did n't think the sound quality was all that special .	sound quality	neutral
Comes with a convenient padded case , smartly design so that you can open the front flap and use the speakers without having to remove the speakers from the case , and so that you can charge the speakers ( or use them with the AC adapter ) without removing the speakers from the case .	design	neutral
Comes with a convenient padded case , smartly design so that you can open the front flap and use the speakers without having to remove the speakers from the case , and so that you can charge the speakers ( or use them with the AC adapter ) without removing the speakers from the case .	speakers	neutral
Comes with a convenient padded case , smartly design so that you can open the front flap and use the speakers without having to remove the speakers from the case , and so that you can charge the speakers ( or use them with the AC adapter ) without removing the speakers from the case .	speakers	neutral
Comes with a convenient padded case , smartly design so that you can open the front flap and use the speakers without having to remove the speakers from the case , and so that you can charge the speakers ( or use them with the AC adapter ) without removing the speakers from the case .	charge	neutral
Comes with a convenient padded case , smartly design so that you can open the front flap and use the speakers without having to remove the speakers from the case , and so that you can charge the speakers ( or use them with the AC adapter ) without removing the speakers from the case .	speakers	neutral
Comes with a convenient padded case , smartly design so that you can open the front flap and use the speakers without having to remove the speakers from the case , and so that you can charge the speakers ( or use them with the AC adapter ) without removing the speakers from the case .	AC adapter	neutral
Comes with a convenient padded case , smartly design so that you can open the front flap and use the speakers without having to remove the speakers from the case , and so that you can charge the speakers ( or use them with the AC adapter ) without removing the speakers from the case .	speakers	neutral
Of course , since the drive is mostly silver - painted plastic , the paint will pretty much wear off in about 6 months when you attach it to your keys , leaving a dull grey finish .	drive	neutral
Of course , since the drive is mostly silver - painted plastic , the paint will pretty much wear off in about 6 months when you attach it to your keys , leaving a dull grey finish .	paint	neutral
Of course , since the drive is mostly silver - painted plastic , the paint will pretty much wear off in about 6 months when you attach it to your keys , leaving a dull grey finish .	keys	neutral
Of course , since the drive is mostly silver - painted plastic , the paint will pretty much wear off in about 6 months when you attach it to your keys , leaving a dull grey finish .	finish	neutral
I did charge it after a couple minutes of listening , because I had no clue how much of a charge it has .	charge	neutral
Works great for the price .	Works	neutral
Works great for the price .	price	neutral
6 " because the screen 's height has been chopped off 10 % ( 16:9 ) .	screen	neutral
6 " because the screen 's height has been chopped off 10 % ( 16:9 ) .	height	neutral
At the original retail price , however , I would never have bought it .	retail price	neutral
There are a bunch of useful apps preloaded , such as the main offline apps you might want ( Gmail offline is very nice ) , and it automatically syncs up with your apps , bookmarks , and other content as ChromeOS is designed to do .	apps	neutral
There are a bunch of useful apps preloaded , such as the main offline apps you might want ( Gmail offline is very nice ) , and it automatically syncs up with your apps , bookmarks , and other content as ChromeOS is designed to do .	offline	neutral
There are a bunch of useful apps preloaded , such as the main offline apps you might want ( Gmail offline is very nice ) , and it automatically syncs up with your apps , bookmarks , and other content as ChromeOS is designed to do .	apps	neutral
There are a bunch of useful apps preloaded , such as the main offline apps you might want ( Gmail offline is very nice ) , and it automatically syncs up with your apps , bookmarks , and other content as ChromeOS is designed to do .	Gmail offline	neutral
There are a bunch of useful apps preloaded , such as the main offline apps you might want ( Gmail offline is very nice ) , and it automatically syncs up with your apps , bookmarks , and other content as ChromeOS is designed to do .	ChromeOS	neutral
Everyone I 've talked to so far immediately complements the picture and sound quality .	picture	neutral
Everyone I 've talked to so far immediately complements the picture and sound quality .	sound quality	neutral
Sound is crisp and clear , lack of base but understandable due to the size .	Sound	neutral
Sound is crisp and clear , lack of base but understandable due to the size .	base	neutral
Sound is crisp and clear , lack of base but understandable due to the size .	size	neutral
This may not be the fault of the adapter itself , but if you have the option with a DisplayPort Mac to get a monitor which supports a native DisplayPort connection do it .	adapter	neutral
This may not be the fault of the adapter itself , but if you have the option with a DisplayPort Mac to get a monitor which supports a native DisplayPort connection do it .	DisplayPort Mac	neutral
This may not be the fault of the adapter itself , but if you have the option with a DisplayPort Mac to get a monitor which supports a native DisplayPort connection do it .	monitor	neutral
This may not be the fault of the adapter itself , but if you have the option with a DisplayPort Mac to get a monitor which supports a native DisplayPort connection do it .	DisplayPort connection	neutral
The ports are pretty standard , offering DVI , ( 3 ) USB 3 . 0	ports	neutral
The ports are pretty standard , offering DVI , ( 3 ) USB 3 . 0	DVI	neutral
The ports are pretty standard , offering DVI , ( 3 ) USB 3 . 0	USB 3 . 0	neutral
6 " Touch screen category .	Touch screen category	neutral
The headset broke after it was sat on .	headset	neutral
But for a sub-$300 15 . 6&#34 ; Windoze PC with HDMI and a DL DVD drive , I doubt you 'll find a better value .	HDMI	neutral
But for a sub-$300 15 . 6&#34 ; Windoze PC with HDMI and a DL DVD drive , I doubt you 'll find a better value .	DL DVD drive	neutral
I set this NAS up in about 30 minutes ... opened the package , slid in the drives , ran the set - up program and drives were formatted ...	drives	neutral
I set this NAS up in about 30 minutes ... opened the package , slid in the drives , ran the set - up program and drives were formatted ...	set - up program	neutral
The one aspect that kept me from giving it 5 stars is the fact that the case does not have any sort of neck / shoulder strap .	case	neutral
The one aspect that kept me from giving it 5 stars is the fact that the case does not have any sort of neck / shoulder strap .	neck / shoulder strap	neutral
WarrantyCONS:-The padding on the bottom of the laptop compartment seems a little light compared with the sides .	WarrantyCONS:-The	neutral
WarrantyCONS:-The padding on the bottom of the laptop compartment seems a little light compared with the sides .	padding	neutral
The upgrade firmware button is inside the unit and not pointing in a good direction .	upgrade firmware button	neutral
I have been caught out in the rain , and it does a good job of repelling water , and if it is especially heavy rain you can use the included waterproof cover .	waterproof cover	neutral
In direct comparison to a generic adaptor the solidity of the connection was vastly superior .	connection	neutral
Also the first set of double A batteries only lasted three weeks vs. 6 months in my USB mice as I do n't remember to turn it off after every usage .	double A batteries	neutral
Also the first set of double A batteries only lasted three weeks vs. 6 months in my USB mice as I do n't remember to turn it off after every usage .	USB mice	neutral
BIG DISSAPOINTMENT - This tuner , with my external roof antenna , only found 4 channels .	external roof antenna	neutral
However , the biggest drawback in terms of mobility is the 120W power adapter .	mobility	neutral
However , the biggest drawback in terms of mobility is the 120W power adapter .	120W power adapter	neutral
; DC 12V-5A)-- User manualThe built quality is pretty good .	User manualThe	neutral
; DC 12V-5A)-- User manualThe built quality is pretty good .	built quality	neutral
It is fast and easy to install .	install	neutral
Firstly , the design is over - complex .	design	neutral
Defective battery .	battery	neutral
This is about as exciting as you can get for a power supply , maybe I should write a script for Holywood about this power supply and really get things in high gear for the summer blockbuster season	power supply	neutral
This is about as exciting as you can get for a power supply , maybe I should write a script for Holywood about this power supply and really get things in high gear for the summer blockbuster season	power supply	neutral
It is a good card , reads and writes info as quick as the rest of them and slightly cheaper to boot !	card	neutral
It is a good card , reads and writes info as quick as the rest of them and slightly cheaper to boot !	boot	neutral
I have also installed a trial version of Aimersoft DVD Ripper to rip DVD 's to my laptop , convert to mp4 format , & load on an Android phone .	Aimersoft	neutral
I have also installed a trial version of Aimersoft DVD Ripper to rip DVD 's to my laptop , convert to mp4 format , & load on an Android phone .	DVD Ripper	neutral
I do n't need a complete computing station , but rather a top - of - the - line word processor and a simple photo processor .	computing station	neutral
I do n't need a complete computing station , but rather a top - of - the - line word processor and a simple photo processor .	word processor	neutral
I do n't need a complete computing station , but rather a top - of - the - line word processor and a simple photo processor .	photo processor	neutral
and then I 'll comment on that speed .	speed	neutral
I would suggest adding more memory though , as the basic configuration of 4 GB is barely enough to run the operating system .	memory	neutral
I would suggest adding more memory though , as the basic configuration of 4 GB is barely enough to run the operating system .	configuration	neutral
I would suggest adding more memory though , as the basic configuration of 4 GB is barely enough to run the operating system .	4 GB	neutral
I would suggest adding more memory though , as the basic configuration of 4 GB is barely enough to run the operating system .	operating system	neutral
Have not tried the corsair monitoring piece which is extra if you want it .	corsair monitoring piece	neutral
If you have a question about a specific feature feel free to ask in the comments.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------CONS:1 .	feature	neutral
There are no magnets where the chargers go , and those are really loose compartments .	chargers	neutral
There are no magnets where the chargers go , and those are really loose compartments .	compartments	neutral
Since it starts up so quickly , I can load everything I do n't want cluttering up my SSD into Dropbox . 5 .	SSD	neutral
( e. g. summer days , storage inside your car ) the circular plastic feet fall off .	circular plastic feet	neutral
Plenty of optional choices for picture quality , sound , and peripherals .	picture quality	neutral
Plenty of optional choices for picture quality , sound , and peripherals .	sound	neutral
Plenty of optional choices for picture quality , sound , and peripherals .	peripherals	neutral
I bought this battery over a year ago and it is still working fine .	battery	neutral
It has a decent screen size , real light weight , a super long battery life ( 8 hrs ) , almost instant on use ( I use to do quick checks of my email before I boot up my iPhone or desktop ) , and fast ( I find it loads web pages faster than my desk , Ivy Bridge	screen size	neutral
It has a decent screen size , real light weight , a super long battery life ( 8 hrs ) , almost instant on use ( I use to do quick checks of my email before I boot up my iPhone or desktop ) , and fast ( I find it loads web pages faster than my desk , Ivy Bridge	battery life	neutral
Got the wireless mouse for my daughter to use on her laptop and it works great and she loves it^^	wireless mouse	neutral
They are written in good English and do in fact cover the steps needed to pair the keyboard to an iPhone or iPad .	keyboard	neutral
Great battery , Great Price , works just as good as factory	battery	neutral
Great battery , Great Price , works just as good as factory	Price	neutral
getting my various different bluetooth earphones to connect was as easy as connecting to wi - fi .	bluetooth earphones	neutral
Yes all that i needed , it works really good , i have no issues with it , the cables are of the right lenght for a mid tower , do n't know if they 're ok for a full tower , i 've never had one full tower case , but it works great for me .	cables	neutral
For $ 800 less than a Macbook Air you can get everything that it has ( will Ubuntu installed ) on a laptop that is almost as beautiful as a Macbook AIr .	Ubuntu	neutral
and we have n't had any issues with the product ( or charging the laptop ) .	charging	neutral
The pockets are roomy and fit my 77 mm 's easily .	pockets	neutral
The instructions were pretty straightforward and using the book that I also ordered I went through the beginner exercises easily .	instructions	neutral
, the custom kernel is handling all this with no additional app required .	custom kernel	neutral
In addition to software development I also use this machine to run Autodesk MAYA , & Adobe Creative Suite 6 with Retina ready Photoshop & Illustrator .	software development	neutral
In addition to software development I also use this machine to run Autodesk MAYA , & Adobe Creative Suite 6 with Retina ready Photoshop & Illustrator .	Autodesk MAYA	neutral
In addition to software development I also use this machine to run Autodesk MAYA , & Adobe Creative Suite 6 with Retina ready Photoshop & Illustrator .	Adobe Creative Suite 6	neutral
In addition to software development I also use this machine to run Autodesk MAYA , & Adobe Creative Suite 6 with Retina ready Photoshop & Illustrator .	Photoshop	neutral
In addition to software development I also use this machine to run Autodesk MAYA , & Adobe Creative Suite 6 with Retina ready Photoshop & Illustrator .	Illustrator	neutral
Though it has 5ms response , it has the some technology ( Probably the SPLENDID ) that works better for animations than my FHD monitors of other manufacturers , both less than 1 year old !	FHD	neutral
The charging cable is Micro USB but is very short by laptop standards .	charging cable	neutral
WRONG BATTERY THIS WAS MY SECOND PURCHASE , OUT OF THREE , AND NONE OF THEM WORK	BATTERY	neutral
Estimated run - time for the included six - cell battery is average , reports running from 2 to slightly less than 4 hours .	run - time	neutral
Estimated run - time for the included six - cell battery is average , reports running from 2 to slightly less than 4 hours .	six - cell battery	neutral
I purchased this radio when I lived at the bottom of a large hill and all of my existing radio 's got poor reception .	reception	neutral
and now I have an additional way to connect my new Macbook Pro to wired ethernet .	wired ethernet	neutral
Therefore , if you do n't mind a slow computer that can hold a charge for a long time , then , this Toshiba Netbook is for you .	charge	neutral
so far so good no issues of the quality	quality	neutral
My idle temps are at 23c .	idle temps	neutral
It gave approx 3 . 5 hours battery life to my wife 's R61e Thinkpad .	battery life	neutral
There is no UNDO option , and no " back " key as one has available when using a browser to surf the web .	UNDO option	neutral
There is no UNDO option , and no " back " key as one has available when using a browser to surf the web .	back " key	neutral
There is no UNDO option , and no " back " key as one has available when using a browser to surf the web .	surf the web	neutral
There is one large zipper on the outside that has a pocket for a small notebook ( definitely not for our larger laptop ) and other small compartments .	zipper	neutral
do you need spiffy ' extra features ' beyond 2 buttons and a scroll wheel ?	scroll wheel	neutral
The other option was to consider an hybrid hard disk but this memory is a lot cheaper .	hybrid hard disk	neutral
The other option was to consider an hybrid hard disk but this memory is a lot cheaper .	memory	neutral
This is really the original as they saying , I bought it one year ago and never has a problem with this charger .	charger	neutral
Great color .	color	neutral
And do n't believe what they say ... this computer is good for 3 to 4 hours of vigorous typing and light online browsing - even with power saving " ON".I installed Linux Mint on this netbook and refuse to use Windows 7 for any lengthy period of time .	typing	neutral
And do n't believe what they say ... this computer is good for 3 to 4 hours of vigorous typing and light online browsing - even with power saving " ON".I installed Linux Mint on this netbook and refuse to use Windows 7 for any lengthy period of time .	online browsing	neutral
And do n't believe what they say ... this computer is good for 3 to 4 hours of vigorous typing and light online browsing - even with power saving " ON".I installed Linux Mint on this netbook and refuse to use Windows 7 for any lengthy period of time .	Linux Mint	neutral
And do n't believe what they say ... this computer is good for 3 to 4 hours of vigorous typing and light online browsing - even with power saving " ON".I installed Linux Mint on this netbook and refuse to use Windows 7 for any lengthy period of time .	Windows 7	neutral
This is a great travel mouse , and the bonus is it 's smaller	mouse	neutral
Also has eathernet connection but no usb 's or any other way to connect it .	eathernet connection	neutral
Also has eathernet connection but no usb 's or any other way to connect it .	usb 's	neutral
The sound is muffled and not crisp and the bass is overrated .	sound	neutral
The sound is muffled and not crisp and the bass is overrated .	bass	neutral
built like a tank for a tank ; not good for little lightweight devices	built	neutral
These flat ones eliminate that problem entirely and make routing everything much easier .	routing	neutral
i recorded temps for my laptop without any cooling device , and with the Xpad and there is virtually no difference .	cooling device	neutral
i recorded temps for my laptop without any cooling device , and with the Xpad and there is virtually no difference .	Xpad	neutral
The resolution is perfect for this screen size , leaving text readable , and very good for photos , movies / videos , and graphics .	resolution	neutral
The resolution is perfect for this screen size , leaving text readable , and very good for photos , movies / videos , and graphics .	screen size	neutral
It turns off when you unplug the dongle from your laptop and put it inside the mouse via a small door .	dongle	neutral
It turns off when you unplug the dongle from your laptop and put it inside the mouse via a small door .	mouse	neutral
The rear lights up green to let you know when it 's in use which was helpful .	rear	neutral
Took just a few minutes to replace the cracked LCD screen on my Chromebook .	LCD screen	neutral
I have 4 - 5 other netbook cases and this one is significantly better than all of them , for a lower price ( a word on pricing later ) :	price	neutral
I have 4 - 5 other netbook cases and this one is significantly better than all of them , for a lower price ( a word on pricing later ) :	pricing	neutral
Why are there two nearly identical MagSafe connectors for MacBook Airs ?	MagSafe connectors	neutral
I am very pleased with this laptop ( with Windows 7 ) .	Windows 7 )	neutral
Not sure if it was just the application	application	neutral
I searched around on Amazon for a product that I might be able to use to read his 3 . 5 inch IDE drive from my laptop .	IDE drive	neutral
An Ipad 2 with smart cover and hard back will fit sideways in front flap pocket and easily inside main pocket standing up or sideways .	smart cover	neutral
An Ipad 2 with smart cover and hard back will fit sideways in front flap pocket and easily inside main pocket standing up or sideways .	hard back	neutral
The large fan runs silently but moves quite a good volume of air ( you can check the specs if you care about numbers).Note that the USB plug provides a USB port , so you do n't lose one by using this .	fan	neutral
The large fan runs silently but moves quite a good volume of air ( you can check the specs if you care about numbers).Note that the USB plug provides a USB port , so you do n't lose one by using this .	USB plug	neutral
The large fan runs silently but moves quite a good volume of air ( you can check the specs if you care about numbers).Note that the USB plug provides a USB port , so you do n't lose one by using this .	USB port	neutral
But the SSD is still small for my taste .	SSD	neutral
It 's a great little throw and go to take to a hotel that offers broadband in the room - Your laptop is unleashed !	broadband	neutral
The Sony costs quite a bit more and I felt the cost was not worth it .	costs	neutral
The Sony costs quite a bit more and I felt the cost was not worth it .	cost	neutral
So if this is how you want to hook up your computer your television and you have the connections go for it , but if you got an older TV I 'd definitely go with a different type of cable or you 'll just need to get adapters for this	cable	neutral
but it was just in one of the pockets .	pockets	neutral
What I did like was that it came with two styluses and two USB adapters , so I looked at it like I paid seven bucks for these four items ( the only reason for the two - star rating instead of one ) .	styluses	neutral
What I did like was that it came with two styluses and two USB adapters , so I looked at it like I paid seven bucks for these four items ( the only reason for the two - star rating instead of one ) .	USB adapters	neutral
When I removed the carrying laptop bag that department became big enough to fit my 17&#34 ; Samsung laptop .	carrying laptop bag	neutral
There is an AM antenna in the back that can be hung up or draped behind a nightstand .	AM antenna	neutral
( AC3 ) surround sound'Output : HDMI , RCA Composite ( NTSC / PAL )	surround sound'Output	neutral
( AC3 ) surround sound'Output : HDMI , RCA Composite ( NTSC / PAL )	HDMI	neutral
( AC3 ) surround sound'Output : HDMI , RCA Composite ( NTSC / PAL )	RCA Composite	neutral
Installation / setup was a breeze and it has functioned without issue	Installation	neutral
Installation / setup was a breeze and it has functioned without issue	setup	neutral
but I do not feel that the layout of keys on the G13 is at all helpful towards this goal , and no matter how long you use the device you * will * make key - press mistakes .	layout of	neutral
but I do not feel that the layout of keys on the G13 is at all helpful towards this goal , and no matter how long you use the device you * will * make key - press mistakes .	keys	neutral
I was able to fit very comfortably the following items : a 55 - 300 mm lens , 85 mm lens , and the kit lens 18 - 55 mm .	kit lens	neutral
* Unclear programming instructions .	programming instructions	neutral
Love these speakers .	speakers	neutral
Its a portable speaker and an MP3 player .	MP3	neutral
The video quality on this camera is truly excellent , as many other reviewers have commented .	video quality	neutral
After seeing the LED and the LCD Samsung together at the local store , I really could n't tell the difference in picture quality and the LCD is MUCH cheaper .	picture quality	neutral
After seeing the LED and the LCD Samsung together at the local store , I really could n't tell the difference in picture quality and the LCD is MUCH cheaper .	LCD	neutral
I updated the BIOS , then replaced the RAM with two 2 GB sticks of RAM ( these worked for me : http://www . amazon .	BIOS	neutral
I updated the BIOS , then replaced the RAM with two 2 GB sticks of RAM ( these worked for me : http://www . amazon .	RAM	neutral
I updated the BIOS , then replaced the RAM with two 2 GB sticks of RAM ( these worked for me : http://www . amazon .	2 GB sticks of RAM	neutral
But from what I 've seen and tested , the fixes do n't really change anything ultimately , since if I go to a test pattern and change between performance mode and my & # 34;daily&#34	performance mode	neutral
In action / fps games , there is the usual blur that you see with all LCD panels when you rapidly turn , but I expected that .	action	neutral
In there warranty policy wish I knew this before hand I have to be in the U. S. and they will not ship to any P. O. Box or APO or Ap addresses so for	warranty policy	neutral
The module runs just slightly warm but not hot when it is plugged in .	module	neutral
It has great tone and though not ' wall rattling BASS ' , it causes many to look with surprise when they discover the source of the music on my desk .	tone	neutral
It has great tone and though not ' wall rattling BASS ' , it causes many to look with surprise when they discover the source of the music on my desk .	BASS	neutral
Pros : small size , works well with Windows 8 .	size	neutral
Pros : small size , works well with Windows 8 .	works	neutral
Pros : small size , works well with Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
It installed easily and worked just fine for me until it came time to transfer some files over to the hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
I bought because some customers were able to use their kindle , but I ca n't - wo n't work even with an adapter .	adapter	neutral
The power adaptor is small .	power adaptor	neutral
The sound is great for a little device .	sound	neutral
This is a touch sensitive button , located above the keyboard which changes the brightness of the screen as well as the audio mode based the program being used .	touch sensitive button	neutral
This is a touch sensitive button , located above the keyboard which changes the brightness of the screen as well as the audio mode based the program being used .	keyboard	neutral
This is a touch sensitive button , located above the keyboard which changes the brightness of the screen as well as the audio mode based the program being used .	brightness	neutral
This is a touch sensitive button , located above the keyboard which changes the brightness of the screen as well as the audio mode based the program being used .	screen	neutral
This is a touch sensitive button , located above the keyboard which changes the brightness of the screen as well as the audio mode based the program being used .	audio mode	neutral
This is a touch sensitive button , located above the keyboard which changes the brightness of the screen as well as the audio mode based the program being used .	program	neutral
I suspect I will be using these speakers much more in the coming weeks .	speakers	neutral
It has worked wonderfully with my windows 8 pc .	windows 8	neutral
Fits multiple drive thicknesses nicely , has a nice shape and feel to it .	drive thicknesses	neutral
Fits multiple drive thicknesses nicely , has a nice shape and feel to it .	shape	neutral
In so you can connect two of these speakers together*It comes with a USB charging cable which also functions as an 3 . 5 mm Audio Out cable .	speakers	neutral
In so you can connect two of these speakers together*It comes with a USB charging cable which also functions as an 3 . 5 mm Audio Out cable .	USB charging cable	neutral
In so you can connect two of these speakers together*It comes with a USB charging cable which also functions as an 3 . 5 mm Audio Out cable .	Audio Out cable	neutral
It looks and feels cheaper , and the key action is pretty " soft .	key action	neutral
However , negatives aside , it is sturdy and the airflow is pretty good .	airflow	neutral
I was disappointed in the quality of the straps and harnesses .	straps	neutral
I was disappointed in the quality of the straps and harnesses .	harnesses	neutral
I 's still looking for a good replace eyepiece for my Canon Rebel camera .	eyepiece	neutral
Might have to heave a breath or two onto the glasses	glasses	neutral
It 's also a spacesaver if you like to have a tv in the kitchen as some models of this computer include a tv tuner and remote .	remote	neutral
This is as described , works great and would get it again !	works	neutral
This carrying case holds my tablet ( in its cover ) conveniently as well as other items used with the tab .	carrying case	neutral
but you wo n't be using this laptop for the newest games , as the graphics card is n't replaceable+ the laptop stays cool and is whisper - quiet at all times .	games	neutral
but you wo n't be using this laptop for the newest games , as the graphics card is n't replaceable+ the laptop stays cool and is whisper - quiet at all times .	graphics card	neutral
This is one I wanted to love - nice compact design , padded ...	design	neutral
This is one I wanted to love - nice compact design , padded ...	padded	neutral
I have an operating system installed on it -	operating system	neutral
I use this primary with GarageBand and Amplitube on the Mac and Amplitube on the iPhone .	GarageBand	neutral
I use this primary with GarageBand and Amplitube on the Mac and Amplitube on the iPhone .	Amplitube	neutral
I use this primary with GarageBand and Amplitube on the Mac and Amplitube on the iPhone .	Amplitube	neutral
Blue tooth included ( at least in this model ) , and backlit keyboard .	Blue tooth	neutral
Blue tooth included ( at least in this model ) , and backlit keyboard .	backlit keyboard	neutral
As others have mentioned , this covers the microphone ports on the left side of the unit .	microphone ports	neutral
Now , I have seen a video about a guy who disassembles the keyboard and removes the metal plate there to reduce the weight by a huge amount .	keyboard	neutral
Now , I have seen a video about a guy who disassembles the keyboard and removes the metal plate there to reduce the weight by a huge amount .	metal plate	neutral
Now , I have seen a video about a guy who disassembles the keyboard and removes the metal plate there to reduce the weight by a huge amount .	weight	neutral
gb went to video memory ) , configuration of bios not needed .	video memory	neutral
gb went to video memory ) , configuration of bios not needed .	configuration of bios	neutral
Overall it runs fast , cool , and without hiccups .	runs	neutral
Her grandma , mom , and I were amazed at the sound that came out of this little speaker .	sound	neutral
If the unit had a couple more buttons ( e. g. , a Fn mode ) , it would be a lot easier to control the menus .	Fn mode	neutral
If the unit had a couple more buttons ( e. g. , a Fn mode ) , it would be a lot easier to control the menus .	control	neutral
If the unit had a couple more buttons ( e. g. , a Fn mode ) , it would be a lot easier to control the menus .	menus	neutral
NOT buying this thing at this price .. its bigger brother ..	price	neutral
2 nights ago , I went in to my office and saw the on - screen message of a lost connection to the drives that were connected to this while I was off at work .	drives	neutral
Pros - looks sleek , keyboard has nice feel to it , fast , plenty of space , good internal speakers ( others have reported crackling ) , well priced , plenty of easily accessible ports , light weight , set up for dual monitors and tv reception .	keyboard	neutral
Pros - looks sleek , keyboard has nice feel to it , fast , plenty of space , good internal speakers ( others have reported crackling ) , well priced , plenty of easily accessible ports , light weight , set up for dual monitors and tv reception .	space	neutral
Pros - looks sleek , keyboard has nice feel to it , fast , plenty of space , good internal speakers ( others have reported crackling ) , well priced , plenty of easily accessible ports , light weight , set up for dual monitors and tv reception .	internal speakers	neutral
Pros - looks sleek , keyboard has nice feel to it , fast , plenty of space , good internal speakers ( others have reported crackling ) , well priced , plenty of easily accessible ports , light weight , set up for dual monitors and tv reception .	ports	neutral
Bought this in an attempt to revive my parents fried hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
After finally moving on up in the totem pole and getting my office , first thing I tossed were my earbuds .	earbuds	neutral
So , Case Logic , well done , with just the suggestion of an elasticized material for the pockets made for smaller objects .	pockets	neutral
: On board Memory for Apps is only 4 Gigs .	On board Memory for Apps	neutral
The " manual installation " is not intuitive .	manual installation	neutral
I actually ordered this and another unit at the same time ( iHome iDM8B Bluetooth Wireless Speaker ... which DOES have SRS ) to see which was better .	SRS	neutral
while on a recent trip , a problem developed with the ` e ' key occasionally sticking which occurred with normal tying .	`	neutral
while on a recent trip , a problem developed with the ` e ' key occasionally sticking which occurred with normal tying .	e ' key	neutral
I bought this after finding a solution to allowing me to power my tablet while using the USB port for devices .	USB port	neutral
The rigid covers are flat and flexibly jointed , firm & pleasant in touch , textured & not slippery , thanks to a very durable and stain resistant thermal plastic on the surface .	covers	neutral
The rigid covers are flat and flexibly jointed , firm & pleasant in touch , textured & not slippery , thanks to a very durable and stain resistant thermal plastic on the surface .	thermal plastic	neutral
Other than that , I like this mouse very much .	mouse	neutral
The track pad is too sensitive .	track pad	neutral
USB External DVD Combo CD - RW Burner does the job but is not very fast and they sent the drivers for it on a CD ,	USB External DVD Combo CD - RW Burner	neutral
USB External DVD Combo CD - RW Burner does the job but is not very fast and they sent the drivers for it on a CD ,	drivers	neutral
This is a good hard case for my macbook .	hard	neutral
This is a good hard case for my macbook .	case	neutral
I think it balances better and is more secure , and I feel it is more stable to carry .	carry	neutral
From the same spot in the house with this adapter my monitor reads 82 .	adapter	neutral
Ghz Intel Core 2 Duo processor and 4 GB RAM	Intel Core 2 Duo processor	neutral
Ghz Intel Core 2 Duo processor and 4 GB RAM	4 GB RAM	neutral
The iEraser is also manufactured in the USA and the company donates a portion of each unit sold to various charities which is highly commendable .	iEraser	neutral
Great portable speaker that puts out good sound and seems to hold a decent charge .	sound	neutral
Great portable speaker that puts out good sound and seems to hold a decent charge .	charge	neutral
I 'm very easy to use a lot of pocket , good price	use	neutral
I 'm very easy to use a lot of pocket , good price	price	neutral
There is supposed to be a turn - ability between the upper portion and the lower grip - ridged turning neck thingies at bottom .	turning neck	neutral
I received it on time , it was received as advertised , I am very happy to have found the battery and it performed satisfactorily .	battery	neutral
I received it on time , it was received as advertised , I am very happy to have found the battery and it performed satisfactorily .	performed	neutral
The sound was great , and the bass was great , and they were marginally comfortable , but I treated these headphones really well and	sound	neutral
The sound was great , and the bass was great , and they were marginally comfortable , but I treated these headphones really well and	bass	neutral
The USB power connector means the unit gets 5v x 500ma	USB power connector	neutral
Bought a laptop cheap , only thing wrong was the screen .	screen	neutral
The only downside is that you will lose MS Office Starter and computer documentation from HP as well .	MS Office Starter	neutral
ENOUGH power for casual use ...	power	neutral
Couple of days later laptop said battery was run down ( 2 % ) even though it had been on the charger .	battery	neutral
Couple of days later laptop said battery was run down ( 2 % ) even though it had been on the charger .	charger	neutral
The organizer itself , however , makes a very nice portable office for the car .	organizer	neutral
Do n't expect an HD experience with this product ( some of that could be the video card in the laptop also )	video card	neutral
Its few pixels slower than other gaming mouses , but if you are not hard core gamer it wo nt be possible for you to tell the difference .	gaming mouses	neutral
because it is extended life it has a projection which serves to hold laptop off the desk at the battery end .	battery end	neutral
If you 're looking for a compact three piece set , this is a good option , as the bass extension unit is small enough to fit lots of places - lots of people will be able to fit it on their desktop or an a shelf if they wish .	bass extension unit	neutral
The backpack has lots of great storage areas , with different sized pockets , slots , etc .	storage areas	neutral
The backpack has lots of great storage areas , with different sized pockets , slots , etc .	pockets	neutral
Have to update drivers and firmware for it to really work .	drivers	neutral
Have to update drivers and firmware for it to really work .	firmware	neutral
The touchpad has a slightly rough texture that I like because it is quite different from the feel of the rest of the case .	touchpad	neutral
When I press 4 keys down , my Chromebook switches to Ubuntu and I am able to use this Chomebook as if it were are full fledged laptop .	Ubuntu	neutral
It is easy to install and to use .	install	neutral
It is easy to install and to use .	use	neutral
I had set a price limit of about $ 1000 .	price	neutral
My cheap KINYO speakers sounded much better ( and I am truly being honest!)(1 )	KINYO speakers	neutral
Do not buy this without the card .	card	neutral
speeds).+ Uses vertical ports , allowing much larger USB devices , such as flash drives , being used .	speeds).+	neutral
speeds).+ Uses vertical ports , allowing much larger USB devices , such as flash drives , being used .	ports	neutral
speeds).+ Uses vertical ports , allowing much larger USB devices , such as flash drives , being used .	USB devices	neutral
speeds).+ Uses vertical ports , allowing much larger USB devices , such as flash drives , being used .	flash drives	neutral
IE is slower for some reason ; the webpages load slower and IE locks up a lot .	IE	neutral
IE is slower for some reason ; the webpages load slower and IE locks up a lot .	IE	neutral
This is a great product otherwise if it works on your equipment a steal for the price .	price	neutral
These were the only advantages to this wire .	wire	neutral
My system is Windows 7 Ultimate 64 bit .	Windows 7 Ultimate 64 bit	neutral
The quality is not as good as the factory cable , but I 've misplaced my original .	quality	neutral
Color is lighter in the picture provided but yup it 's cute	Color	neutral
Nothing else to say about a usb cable .	usb cable	neutral
The function - F8 key made it easy to set up the extra monitor in about 5 seconds .	function - F8 key	neutral
The function - F8 key made it easy to set up the extra monitor in about 5 seconds .	extra monitor	neutral
It 's probably not the right one for you if you run processing intensive software though ... such as video editing or gaming software .	processing	neutral
It 's probably not the right one for you if you run processing intensive software though ... such as video editing or gaming software .	software	neutral
It 's probably not the right one for you if you run processing intensive software though ... such as video editing or gaming software .	video editing	neutral
It 's probably not the right one for you if you run processing intensive software though ... such as video editing or gaming software .	gaming software	neutral
But if you think you will be sensitive to the small size then buyer beware : you 've been warned .	size	neutral
My main complaint about this sleeve has to do with its thickness and protection .	thickness	neutral
My main complaint about this sleeve has to do with its thickness and protection .	protection	neutral
That said , the device just stopped working a day ago , and provided for me nothing but a blinking power light along with a seizure for staring in disbelief for too long .	power light	neutral
This laptop is quite good with snappy performance and the touch screen with good response .	performance	neutral
This laptop is quite good with snappy performance and the touch screen with good response .	touch screen	neutral
This laptop is quite good with snappy performance and the touch screen with good response .	response	neutral
Crucial offers a 16 GB RAM kit that turns this into a usable laptop .	Crucial	neutral
Crucial offers a 16 GB RAM kit that turns this into a usable laptop .	16 GB RAM kit	neutral
Also , the keyboard frame was not fully locked in on one of the laptops when first opened ; I had to click it into place .	keyboard frame	neutral
It charges fairly quickly with the supplied cord .	charges	neutral
This flaw has been in the Apple OS since the introduction of optical drives .	Apple OS	neutral
This flaw has been in the Apple OS since the introduction of optical drives .	optical drives	neutral
This card reader is fast thanks to USB 2 . 0 , light and work with cards a good range of SD cards : SD , SD MMC , RS - MMC , SD HC .	card reader	neutral
This card reader is fast thanks to USB 2 . 0 , light and work with cards a good range of SD cards : SD , SD MMC , RS - MMC , SD HC .	USB 2 . 0	neutral
This card reader is fast thanks to USB 2 . 0 , light and work with cards a good range of SD cards : SD , SD MMC , RS - MMC , SD HC .	SD cards	neutral
This card reader is fast thanks to USB 2 . 0 , light and work with cards a good range of SD cards : SD , SD MMC , RS - MMC , SD HC .	SD MMC	neutral
This card reader is fast thanks to USB 2 . 0 , light and work with cards a good range of SD cards : SD , SD MMC , RS - MMC , SD HC .	SD HC	neutral
The airport extreme worked with my current 802 .	airport extreme	neutral
All of the cutouts line up well .	cutouts	neutral
I do n't Like : Magnetic Clips .	Magnetic Clips	neutral
Desktops are another story but still require an exc wifi adapter and router and to be directed	router	neutral
Fortunately , my son has almost the same laptop so when his needs replacing I will definitely look to Anker when his battery dies .	battery	neutral
( 5 ) It has a sternum strap , which makes the bag more comfortable to carry and secures it so you can bend or lean over without the load shifting .	sternum strap	neutral
This is a very nice , inexpensive device for typing documents ( via Google Drive or similar web based office suite ) , browsing the web and using " web apps " .	Google Drive	neutral
This is a very nice , inexpensive device for typing documents ( via Google Drive or similar web based office suite ) , browsing the web and using " web apps " .	web based office suite	neutral
This is a very nice , inexpensive device for typing documents ( via Google Drive or similar web based office suite ) , browsing the web and using " web apps " .	browsing the web	neutral
This is a very nice , inexpensive device for typing documents ( via Google Drive or similar web based office suite ) , browsing the web and using " web apps " .	web apps	neutral
and it works like a charm .	works	neutral
it stopped working after a few days , my computer nor any other would recognize it after the first day , after I took it out and reinserted it the computer would not recognize it in the usb port , I tried it on multiple ports and different computer to no effect	usb port	neutral
I bought a couple of high gain ( +8dbi ) antennae next and connected them , but still no improvement .	high gain	neutral
Laptop and everything else , charger , mouse , cables , & extra battery etc .	charger	neutral
Laptop and everything else , charger , mouse , cables , & extra battery etc .	mouse	neutral
Laptop and everything else , charger , mouse , cables , & extra battery etc .	cables	neutral
Laptop and everything else , charger , mouse , cables , & extra battery etc .	battery	neutral
Sometimes when you turn it on the computer will run but the screen will stay black .	screen	neutral
I was pretty surprised with how well this little mouse performs .	mouse	neutral
Although many people let Windows Zero Configuration manage their card , the Ralink program is actually pretty classy , providing lots of interesting information about my own and my neighbors ' networks , with nice graphics .	Windows Zero Configuration	neutral
Although many people let Windows Zero Configuration manage their card , the Ralink program is actually pretty classy , providing lots of interesting information about my own and my neighbors ' networks , with nice graphics .	card	neutral
Although many people let Windows Zero Configuration manage their card , the Ralink program is actually pretty classy , providing lots of interesting information about my own and my neighbors ' networks , with nice graphics .	Ralink program	neutral
Although many people let Windows Zero Configuration manage their card , the Ralink program is actually pretty classy , providing lots of interesting information about my own and my neighbors ' networks , with nice graphics .	graphics	neutral
Window Xp runs even faster and stable on MBP than the PC .	Window Xp	neutral
Best cloths ever !	cloths	neutral
This allows two downstream ports to be directly connected."But if used as intended , this devices works nicely , especially if used for an SSD drive .	downstream ports	neutral
This allows two downstream ports to be directly connected."But if used as intended , this devices works nicely , especially if used for an SSD drive .	SSD drive	neutral
At this point Windows will recognize and begin installing the drivers and software for the device .	drivers	neutral
At this point Windows will recognize and begin installing the drivers and software for the device .	software	neutral
This webcam is outstanding and is a must have for anyone doing streaming wether on a Mac or a PC .	webcam	neutral
The screen is excellent .	screen	neutral
The only minor issue was on skype , I could nt get my sound to kick on ( on my new mac mini ) and it took me a while to figure out to manually change the microphone input in skype preferences .	skype	neutral
The only minor issue was on skype , I could nt get my sound to kick on ( on my new mac mini ) and it took me a while to figure out to manually change the microphone input in skype preferences .	sound	neutral
The only minor issue was on skype , I could nt get my sound to kick on ( on my new mac mini ) and it took me a while to figure out to manually change the microphone input in skype preferences .	microphone input	neutral
The only minor issue was on skype , I could nt get my sound to kick on ( on my new mac mini ) and it took me a while to figure out to manually change the microphone input in skype preferences .	skype preferences	neutral
The sound is much better than the speakers in either my laptop or cell phone .	sound	neutral
The sound is much better than the speakers in either my laptop or cell phone .	speakers	neutral
I just Checked , the item is listed as a replacement for a HP MU09 battery	battery	neutral
Yea the color is off a bit .	color	neutral
The antenna is very weak , and gets a puny signal compared to every other wifi device I own .	antenna	neutral
It has a slight rubberized finish	rubberized finish	neutral
( then I recommend checking out a default profile , see if it works for you , then switch over to playing your custom setup and see which is better )	setup	neutral
It helps keep my power	power	neutral
My docking station was just delivered from AMZ .	docking station	neutral
You can even configure it to charge another device with just the battery alone and the netbook turned off .	battery	neutral
I have n't used an external case like the one I have , as I just bought it with this laptop , and I was nearly ready to send it back .	external case	neutral
The previous generation had serious problems ( system repeatedly froze ) .	system	neutral
great speeds .	speeds	neutral
The set up of this product is most cumbersome	set up	neutral
* No power or battery indicators !	power	neutral
* No power or battery indicators !	battery indicators	neutral
SATA and Molex cables are short for full towers or super towers .	SATA	neutral
SATA and Molex cables are short for full towers or super towers .	Molex cables	neutral
This bag could use better padding , permanent separation between the two main compartments besides a removable liner .	compartments	neutral
This bag could use better padding , permanent separation between the two main compartments besides a removable liner .	liner	neutral
Best screen for the money .	screen	neutral
The three fan version has an adjustable fan speed .	three fan	neutral
The three fan version has an adjustable fan speed .	fan speed	neutral
I went ahead and bought the charger , with the midset that & # 34;If it did nt work ,	charger	neutral
This is a very sturdy design that stays in place .	design	neutral
Of course , a mini laptop that costs 2 K is going to be better , but most people will find this works great for their uses .	costs	neutral
I can also carry a wireless mouse , USB flash drives and the charger in the larger outer pocket although the latter bulges and may cause wear issues long term .	wireless mouse	neutral
I can also carry a wireless mouse , USB flash drives and the charger in the larger outer pocket although the latter bulges and may cause wear issues long term .	USB flash drives	neutral
I can also carry a wireless mouse , USB flash drives and the charger in the larger outer pocket although the latter bulges and may cause wear issues long term .	charger	neutral
I always had to move my laptop to be close so the cable could reach and after finding this longer cable at a cheap price I can now keep my laptop where it is and the cable can stretch to me !	cable	neutral
I always had to move my laptop to be close so the cable could reach and after finding this longer cable at a cheap price I can now keep my laptop where it is and the cable can stretch to me !	cable	neutral
I always had to move my laptop to be close so the cable could reach and after finding this longer cable at a cheap price I can now keep my laptop where it is and the cable can stretch to me !	price	neutral
I always had to move my laptop to be close so the cable could reach and after finding this longer cable at a cheap price I can now keep my laptop where it is and the cable can stretch to me !	cable	neutral
I find it hard to believe that any speaker system does n't have this feature nowadays - who does n't want to hook up their mp3 player to their speakers ?	speaker system	neutral
I find it hard to believe that any speaker system does n't have this feature nowadays - who does n't want to hook up their mp3 player to their speakers ?	feature	neutral
I find it hard to believe that any speaker system does n't have this feature nowadays - who does n't want to hook up their mp3 player to their speakers ?	speakers	neutral
The led glows red while charging and is green once it is complete .	led	neutral
The led glows red while charging and is green once it is complete .	charging	neutral
I just plug he Ethernet right into this and plug it in the USB port .	Ethernet	neutral
I just plug he Ethernet right into this and plug it in the USB port .	USB port	neutral
Not sure if the delivered cable was faulty , but ended up to be a bad purchase for my cause .	delivered cable	neutral
It literally falls apart , while running , you can get your finger caught in the fan blade as it is turning ... all kinds of Mechanical errors in this unit ...	fan blade	neutral
It literally falls apart , while running , you can get your finger caught in the fan blade as it is turning ... all kinds of Mechanical errors in this unit ...	Mechanical	neutral
I need to mention that although , I could SEE the SSD in the Device Manager , it does NOT show up on " My Computer"along with the C drive .	SSD	neutral
I need to mention that although , I could SEE the SSD in the Device Manager , it does NOT show up on " My Computer"along with the C drive .	Device Manager	neutral
I need to mention that although , I could SEE the SSD in the Device Manager , it does NOT show up on " My Computer"along with the C drive .	C drive	neutral
It would probably work great for an xbox360 cooler or an 14 inch laptop but my 17inch laptop just makes this thing disappear .	xbox360 cooler	neutral
Great service and fast delivery too .	service	neutral
Great service and fast delivery too .	delivery	neutral
and I may swap that out for the much faster 7200 rpm drive .	7200 rpm drive	neutral
This guy did n't come with drivers , but the merchant sent me an email asking me to download the drivers ahead of time	drivers	neutral
This guy did n't come with drivers , but the merchant sent me an email asking me to download the drivers ahead of time	drivers	neutral
there is no reset button .	reset button	neutral
Or that I have completely misunderstood how the amperage distribution works :-)	amperage distribution	neutral
Anker obiviously has determined to produce high quality products at middle of the road prices .	prices	neutral
The initial setup does n't give the security that it should and there is nothing in the manual about how to change settings on the other pc 's on the network after you set up the security .	setup	neutral
The initial setup does n't give the security that it should and there is nothing in the manual about how to change settings on the other pc 's on the network after you set up the security .	security	neutral
The initial setup does n't give the security that it should and there is nothing in the manual about how to change settings on the other pc 's on the network after you set up the security .	security	neutral
Given the prices of HDD 's today , there should be no reason for not having a 7200 rpm .	prices	neutral
Given the prices of HDD 's today , there should be no reason for not having a 7200 rpm .	7200 rpm	neutral
This is a single 2 GB DDR3 memory SODIMM stick used for laptops / netbooks and some nettops .	2 GB DDR3 memory SODIMM stick	neutral
The default settings it comes with must be changed for best results .	default	neutral
The default settings it comes with must be changed for best results .	settings	neutral
An excellent option for up - scaling older DVD players to monitors with DVI connectors .	DVI connectors	neutral
I have a leather briefcase , and thought this might wear better and give me longer life / usage .	life	neutral
I have a leather briefcase , and thought this might wear better and give me longer life / usage .	usage	neutral
what a deal fast ship aswell overall had a great exp will shop here agian	ship	neutral
Limpus is a fine version of Linux	Linux	neutral
The overall design is outstanding , however the execution is highly flawed .	design	neutral
The overall design is outstanding , however the execution is highly flawed .	execution	neutral
A red light blinks while charging , becoming a steady glow when fully charged .	charging	neutral
A red light blinks while charging , becoming a steady glow when fully charged .	charged	neutral
inchWhich also works great	works	neutral
Not really any slower than the Dell , boots up much faster .	boots up	neutral
This is actually my first wireless keyboard	wireless keyboard	neutral
Also I noticed that sometimes the windows do not refresh properly and an image of the window that I just closed or moved is still " stuck " on the desktop .	windows	neutral
The temperature of this laptop 's GPU while gaming is great !	temperature	neutral
The temperature of this laptop 's GPU while gaming is great !	GPU	neutral
The temperature of this laptop 's GPU while gaming is great !	gaming	neutral
In short , these are well - made and well - designed .	designed	neutral
Works like expected .	Works	neutral
03/29/2013My B121 continues to boot up just fine .	boot up	neutral
I bought this because it charges my tablet much faster and keeps it charged even during heavy use .	charges	neutral
I bought this because it charges my tablet much faster and keeps it charged even during heavy use .	charged	neutral
I was using excel and word .	excel	neutral
I was using excel and word .	word	neutral
I think the power cord could stand to be at least twice as long .	power cord	neutral
If you do n't want to spend a fortune on a docking port for your laptop and/or want your laptop monitor to sit at a reasonable height off you desk then you should be considering the Kensington Laptop Desktop USB	docking port	neutral
I think no bigger than a 7 " player would be best .	7 " player	neutral
So , i found this to be good and modest price alternative to the powered - hubs .	price	neutral
So , i found this to be good and modest price alternative to the powered - hubs .	powered - hubs	neutral
Also the " Gearhead " brand is the same , for $ 20 . 00	Gearhead	neutral
I would also recommend it to others especially for this price .	price	neutral
Also great is that it has the Thunderbolt pass - through !	Thunderbolt pass - through	neutral
You 're better off with a mouse .	mouse	neutral
I ca n't remember the last time I needed the XP side of the hard drive , and I have Boot Camp which works well .	XP	neutral
I ca n't remember the last time I needed the XP side of the hard drive , and I have Boot Camp which works well .	hard drive	neutral
I ca n't remember the last time I needed the XP side of the hard drive , and I have Boot Camp which works well .	Boot Camp	neutral
It does n't add any bulk or thickness to the iPad which is what makes it so elegant looking .	thickness	neutral
It is quieter than when the internal fan of my laptop is running on full speed , but my laptop fan runs intermittently whereas the Cooling Pad fan runs continuously .	internal fan	neutral
It is quieter than when the internal fan of my laptop is running on full speed , but my laptop fan runs intermittently whereas the Cooling Pad fan runs continuously .	fan	neutral
It is quieter than when the internal fan of my laptop is running on full speed , but my laptop fan runs intermittently whereas the Cooling Pad fan runs continuously .	Cooling Pad fan	neutral
The construction is fabulous and the security features very reassuring .	construction	neutral
The construction is fabulous and the security features very reassuring .	security features	neutral
Let 's face it all netbooks are pretty much the same when it comes to hardware .	hardware	neutral
But the price is not warranted .	price	neutral
That aside , they offered and delivered a new battery , offered another , and then offered a full refund .	battery	neutral
Only this one is plastic and black color .	color	neutral
Quality - High ..........	Quality	neutral
+ $ 500 price range there are better product selections at 15&#34 ; Notebook category .	price range	neutral
Easy to type on .	type	neutral
If there is anything that I could say that could be improved on this TV , it is the automatic volume control that is supposed to level the volume of comercials .	volume control	neutral
Netbooks ( TSM097US ) , which had pretty much the same specs but was cheaper ( always a good thing ) .	specs	neutral
This new cord works great and now I can keep this cord in my pc carrying case and keep my other cord plugged in at home	cord	neutral
This new cord works great and now I can keep this cord in my pc carrying case and keep my other cord plugged in at home	cord	neutral
You STILL have to pay for the Cinema , Podcast and HD plugins .	HD plugins	neutral
I wish they had designed the cable to come from the back instead of the bottom .	cable	neutral
The sound is more than adequate for presentations .	sound	neutral
I do nt use that pocket for that .	pocket	neutral
It handled the high volume with minimal distortion with the bass heavy music .	volume	neutral
It handled the high volume with minimal distortion with the bass heavy music .	bass	neutral
When lid is closed , and laptop is packed in a bag for transport , it takes very little pressure to & # 34;push&#34 ; the screen against the keyboard / touchpad area .	screen	neutral
When lid is closed , and laptop is packed in a bag for transport , it takes very little pressure to & # 34;push&#34 ; the screen against the keyboard / touchpad area .	keyboard /	neutral
When lid is closed , and laptop is packed in a bag for transport , it takes very little pressure to & # 34;push&#34 ; the screen against the keyboard / touchpad area .	touchpad area	neutral
I REALLY miss my i5 chip and the almost completely flawless environment of my Windows 7 laptop with msi components .	i5 chip	neutral
I REALLY miss my i5 chip and the almost completely flawless environment of my Windows 7 laptop with msi components .	Windows 7	neutral
I REALLY miss my i5 chip and the almost completely flawless environment of my Windows 7 laptop with msi components .	msi components	neutral
Blows away netbooks because of superior i3 processor .	i3 processor	neutral
To the point where I found it much faster to type on the touchscreen keyboard than on this one .	touchscreen keyboard	neutral
I enjoy the Corel Painter Essentials ( I use much of the corel software ) , because it can also do a wonderful job of converting photos to paintings , chalk drawings , etc .	Corel Painter Essentials	neutral
I enjoy the Corel Painter Essentials ( I use much of the corel software ) , because it can also do a wonderful job of converting photos to paintings , chalk drawings , etc .	corel software	neutral
Using it for one 16 ' strip of LEDs .	LEDs	neutral
I was unable to run all my cables through the cable management space provided .	cable management space	neutral
this unit is very solid and works well with my Dell 15&#34 ; laptop .	works	neutral
Internet radio is rad .	Internet radio	neutral
The I like all the USB ports , HDMI , VGA options .	USB ports	neutral
The I like all the USB ports , HDMI , VGA options .	HDMI	neutral
The I like all the USB ports , HDMI , VGA options .	VGA	neutral
and I 've found the size of it to be quite convenient to be honest .	size	neutral
For the record , I am running it on a one year old Dell XPS Studio 16 with a new clean install of Windows 7 Professional .	Windows 7 Professional	neutral
As part of a lead review of our home we found that my laptop cool pad is 32ppm lead .	cool pad	neutral
For less than $ 20 , I paid for ; I was not expecting it to come with an extra charger which defeats portability .	charger	neutral
For less than $ 20 , I paid for ; I was not expecting it to come with an extra charger which defeats portability .	portability	neutral
I am amazed by the performance though .	performance	neutral
The tripod mounting option is extremely desireable and the 525 does n't have it .	tripod mounting option	neutral
After installing the drivers from the cd , it worked fine though .	drivers	neutral
On the right hand side is a microUSB charging port .	microUSB charging port	neutral
I am a graphic designer and music producer ; as a result , the programs needed for my work demand a lot of RAM and MEMORY .	programs	neutral
I am a graphic designer and music producer ; as a result , the programs needed for my work demand a lot of RAM and MEMORY .	RAM	neutral
I am a graphic designer and music producer ; as a result , the programs needed for my work demand a lot of RAM and MEMORY .	MEMORY	neutral
My first experience with a bluetooth sound speaker happened to be with the most recent bose system , the soundlink II .	bluetooth sound speaker	neutral
My first experience with a bluetooth sound speaker happened to be with the most recent bose system , the soundlink II .	soundlink	neutral
SanDisk usually betters the Sony price for the same item .	price	neutral
But the light grey colour shines thru including the glowing Apple logo .	colour	neutral
PROS:++ Data transfer speeds are better than most similar drives++16 GB capacity allows for good sized backups++ Fat32 formatted for compatibility++ Compatible with Mac and PC operating systems ( Windows 7 , XP , Vista , OS X)++	Data transfer speeds	neutral
PROS:++ Data transfer speeds are better than most similar drives++16 GB capacity allows for good sized backups++ Fat32 formatted for compatibility++ Compatible with Mac and PC operating systems ( Windows 7 , XP , Vista , OS X)++	Fat32	neutral
PROS:++ Data transfer speeds are better than most similar drives++16 GB capacity allows for good sized backups++ Fat32 formatted for compatibility++ Compatible with Mac and PC operating systems ( Windows 7 , XP , Vista , OS X)++	Windows 7	neutral
PROS:++ Data transfer speeds are better than most similar drives++16 GB capacity allows for good sized backups++ Fat32 formatted for compatibility++ Compatible with Mac and PC operating systems ( Windows 7 , XP , Vista , OS X)++	Vista	neutral
it 's a no go unless I write the driver myself , ai n't happening .	driver	neutral
but Wikipedia says that the lag wo n't exist with HDMI connection .	HDMI connection	neutral
and I do n't know what the weight difference is ,	weight	neutral
It was also shipped very fast	shipped	neutral
11 G PC card .	11 G PC card	neutral
The speakers are near blowing up even though the sound is low and awful at ALL times .	speakers	neutral
The speakers are near blowing up even though the sound is low and awful at ALL times .	sound	neutral
The IPS screen is definitely a plus but since I was n't a part of the IPS hype I did n't really notice a difference staring right at it compared to the iPad .	IPS screen	neutral
The IPS screen is definitely a plus but since I was n't a part of the IPS hype I did n't really notice a difference staring right at it compared to the iPad .	IPS	neutral
The browser responds very quickly to tasks , whether it 's using Google docs , watching YouTube videos or simply browsing the web .	browser	neutral
The browser responds very quickly to tasks , whether it 's using Google docs , watching YouTube videos or simply browsing the web .	Google docs	neutral
* Typing speed on this keyboard : 70 - 80 wpmPros:+	Typing speed	neutral
* Typing speed on this keyboard : 70 - 80 wpmPros:+	keyboard	neutral
Installation was simple .	Installation	neutral
Amazon has the best price for 100 ' cables .	price	neutral
The design is interesting , in that the laptop can slide inside the cooler for transport in a laptop bag , which makes portability more compact despite the large size .	design	neutral
The design is interesting , in that the laptop can slide inside the cooler for transport in a laptop bag , which makes portability more compact despite the large size .	portability	neutral
The design is interesting , in that the laptop can slide inside the cooler for transport in a laptop bag , which makes portability more compact despite the large size .	size	neutral
Thus , if you try to use Linksys wireless products for online gaming , prepare to be VERY annoyed .	Linksys wireless products	neutral
Thus , if you try to use Linksys wireless products for online gaming , prepare to be VERY annoyed .	online	neutral
Thus , if you try to use Linksys wireless products for online gaming , prepare to be VERY annoyed .	gaming	neutral
and I would have move my laptop to regain the signal and then move it back to my desk where it would work for awhile .	signal	neutral
This Micro USB is -not- extra long , just normal length , so	Micro USB	neutral
The new FiiO Mont Blanc ( no affiliation with Mont Blanc writing pens ) headphone amp is about the same length as the iPhone 4s , about 1/4 inch wider , and about 50 percent thicker , which is still very slim for the overall size .	headphone amp	neutral
The new FiiO Mont Blanc ( no affiliation with Mont Blanc writing pens ) headphone amp is about the same length as the iPhone 4s , about 1/4 inch wider , and about 50 percent thicker , which is still very slim for the overall size .	size	neutral
I love the blue curser arrow and the touch pad is responsive and accurate .	blue curser arrow	neutral
I love the blue curser arrow and the touch pad is responsive and accurate .	touch pad	neutral
I did have problems trying to charge my Asus tablet with this product .	charge	neutral
In my room lighting situation , with table lamps almost directly opposite the screen , I 'm really glad I did n't get the 650 .	screen	neutral
Google tries to steer you towards their own video - chat service ( anybody surprised ? ) , but all my friends use Skype .	video - chat service	neutral
Google tries to steer you towards their own video - chat service ( anybody surprised ? ) , but all my friends use Skype .	Skype	neutral
I 'm happy with OS X user interface ; it crashes gracefully ... even though it crashes much more frequently than any windows PC I ever had , but when it does , it just goes dark , not like Windows and the annoying blue screen .	OS X user interface	neutral
It was an unpleasant surprise when I discovered that my Dell XPS 13 ultrabook does not have an ethernet port , which I need for work .	ethernet port	neutral
The print is very nice .	print	neutral
It also offers a microphone input ( something Sony does n't in this class ) something that 's very important if you decide to add an external microphone for really professional audio .	microphone input	neutral
It also offers a microphone input ( something Sony does n't in this class ) something that 's very important if you decide to add an external microphone for really professional audio .	external microphone	neutral
The size is similar to a thinner desktop keyboard .	size	neutral
The size is similar to a thinner desktop keyboard .	desktop keyboard	neutral
Good replacement and great price .	price	neutral
In fact , with a small thumb drive , it 's easy to carry around , and makes up for no expandable memory on my phone if I need extra .	thumb drive	neutral
In fact , with a small thumb drive , it 's easy to carry around , and makes up for no expandable memory on my phone if I need extra .	memory	neutral
I get to play all the awesome games like heart of the swarm , bioshock , call of duty , dead island riptide etc , and they all run smooth , and laptop is very silent and never gets hot .	games	neutral
it works pretty good .	works	neutral
It does NOT control the zoom function .	zoom function	neutral
I love the bristles they 're not too soft or to brittle	bristles	neutral
Had to remove the LCD screen again and reinstall it .	LCD screen	neutral
Also it claims made of leather ...	leather	neutral
Hopefully this review is helpful to others that are new to Apple and trying to learn this system , which WILL take some time and effort or for folks that are considering spending $ 1400 . 00	system	neutral
Bass is decent .	Bass	neutral
the bottom cover does not provide very much ventilation for cool air to hit it .	bottom cover	neutral
I had to use the transmitter that came with the receiver .	transmitter	neutral
I had to use the transmitter that came with the receiver .	receiver	neutral
I had to try to jam the keys down without breaking the keyboard itself .	keys	neutral
I had to try to jam the keys down without breaking the keyboard itself .	keyboard	neutral
I 've bought AGPTEK batteries for both MAC and IBM , and even an older DELL notebook .	batteries	neutral
Last year my laptop got fried while connecting to an external RAID enclosure while using this card .	external RAID enclosure	neutral
Last year my laptop got fried while connecting to an external RAID enclosure while using this card .	card	neutral
but it works flawlessly with tons of programs , pages and music open .	works	neutral
but it works flawlessly with tons of programs , pages and music open .	programs	neutral
Whenever it pairs it wants me to type a code onto the keyboard to verify .	keyboard	neutral
I like the fact that the tactile aspect of the case insures that it wo n't slide off a desk or table while still maintaining that sleek	tactile aspect	neutral
I like the fact that the tactile aspect of the case insures that it wo n't slide off a desk or table while still maintaining that sleek	case	neutral
I use Bible software extensively on my PC , but there 's only one decent product available for Mac OS X , and it 's really expensive .	Bible software	neutral
The buttons being down the side stead of across the bottom are not really practical , as you have to use two hands to depress a button and move the mouse at the same time .	buttons	neutral
The buttons being down the side stead of across the bottom are not really practical , as you have to use two hands to depress a button and move the mouse at the same time .	mouse	neutral
The power cord is not as long as the factory one , probably a good 12 inches shorter .	power cord	neutral
Obviously , the output is different on the USB ports .	output	neutral
Obviously , the output is different on the USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
I love the material , the shape and even i can use it to storage my tablet great purchase .	material	neutral
I love the material , the shape and even i can use it to storage my tablet great purchase .	shape	neutral
The sleeve fits tightly into a pocket on the 400 's back cover .	sleeve	neutral
In the same amount of time , she 's changed batteries twice while I 'm still using the original batteries it came with , even with many hours / day usage .	batteries	neutral
In the same amount of time , she 's changed batteries twice while I 'm still using the original batteries it came with , even with many hours / day usage .	batteries	neutral
I 'm not computer literate and was hoping that the disc would be a plug and play .	disc	neutral
When some programs needs / hogs CPU , " mail app " + " browser " , the system / UI	programs	neutral
When some programs needs / hogs CPU , " mail app " + " browser " , the system / UI	CPU	neutral
When some programs needs / hogs CPU , " mail app " + " browser " , the system / UI	mail app	neutral
When some programs needs / hogs CPU , " mail app " + " browser " , the system / UI	browser	neutral
When some programs needs / hogs CPU , " mail app " + " browser " , the system / UI	system	neutral
When some programs needs / hogs CPU , " mail app " + " browser " , the system / UI	UI	neutral
The option to use the power cord is great when you have external USB hard drive enclosures that need the extra juice .	power cord	neutral
The option to use the power cord is great when you have external USB hard drive enclosures that need the extra juice .	external	neutral
The option to use the power cord is great when you have external USB hard drive enclosures that need the extra juice .	USB hard drive enclosures	neutral
Installed Windows 8 from a USB drive	Windows 8	neutral
Installed Windows 8 from a USB drive	USB drive	neutral
And the build quality is quite good , characteristically from Creative .	build quality	neutral
Stand folds well for travel .	Stand	neutral
I decided it 's time to just bite the bullet and try out the Intel drive ; so far so good .	Intel drive	neutral
it is very thin and that is nice , but it does not really fits the cursor keys well .	cursor keys	neutral
Very easy on the ears .	ears	neutral
Bought this for my sister that 's always losing her keys .	keys	neutral
My first charge I did the recommended cycle ( found on the apple website ) and made a conscious effort to use the battery power down to 20 % before recharging for the first month .	battery power	neutral
This is probably one of the best back packs I have ever bought .	back packs	neutral
No more bags of cables to hold onto .	cables	neutral
The numeric keyboard at the side is an absolute necessity for multinational characters .	numeric keyboard	neutral
I do n't know if it 's my device or the charger , though .	charger	neutral
Seagate has managed to keep the drain on the battery with the 320 GB identical to the 200 GB drive , and while the drive got quite hot during the transfer of data over to the new drive ( intensive disk activity ) , the normal operating temperature seems the same as the 200 GB .	Seagate	neutral
Seagate has managed to keep the drain on the battery with the 320 GB identical to the 200 GB drive , and while the drive got quite hot during the transfer of data over to the new drive ( intensive disk activity ) , the normal operating temperature seems the same as the 200 GB .	battery	neutral
Seagate has managed to keep the drain on the battery with the 320 GB identical to the 200 GB drive , and while the drive got quite hot during the transfer of data over to the new drive ( intensive disk activity ) , the normal operating temperature seems the same as the 200 GB .	320 GB	neutral
Seagate has managed to keep the drain on the battery with the 320 GB identical to the 200 GB drive , and while the drive got quite hot during the transfer of data over to the new drive ( intensive disk activity ) , the normal operating temperature seems the same as the 200 GB .	200 GB drive	neutral
Seagate has managed to keep the drain on the battery with the 320 GB identical to the 200 GB drive , and while the drive got quite hot during the transfer of data over to the new drive ( intensive disk activity ) , the normal operating temperature seems the same as the 200 GB .	drive	neutral
Seagate has managed to keep the drain on the battery with the 320 GB identical to the 200 GB drive , and while the drive got quite hot during the transfer of data over to the new drive ( intensive disk activity ) , the normal operating temperature seems the same as the 200 GB .	disk activity	neutral
Seagate has managed to keep the drain on the battery with the 320 GB identical to the 200 GB drive , and while the drive got quite hot during the transfer of data over to the new drive ( intensive disk activity ) , the normal operating temperature seems the same as the 200 GB .	operating temperature	neutral
Have several other Rosewill products that have performed well .	performed	neutral
Finally , I talked to a few of the techs in the big box stores - they all said they spend each morning trouble - shooting all the crashed pc 's , but the Apple products run for months without issues .	techs	neutral
This laptop , or at least the one I received , has very good WiFi range .	WiFi range	neutral
Works well , much better price that OEM and has held up well over time .	Works	neutral
Works well , much better price that OEM and has held up well over time .	price	neutral
Super fast boot speed .	boot speed	neutral
This feature should not even be included .	feature	neutral
The way the fabric is folded and strategically stitched create a sort of buffer zone .	fabric	neutral
Installation was easy and quick .	Installation	neutral
love the case !	case	neutral
My laptop is an XP , and I could have bought Windows 8 and put it on the old Dell laptop .	Windows 8	neutral
My only real complaints are that the hard drive says 320 GB in the description but shows up as having a total of 285 GB on the system ( a difference of 35 GB ) , and it comes with Norton pre - installed , which is a bear to get off of the system if you do n't want it .	hard drive	neutral
My only real complaints are that the hard drive says 320 GB in the description but shows up as having a total of 285 GB on the system ( a difference of 35 GB ) , and it comes with Norton pre - installed , which is a bear to get off of the system if you do n't want it .	system	neutral
My only real complaints are that the hard drive says 320 GB in the description but shows up as having a total of 285 GB on the system ( a difference of 35 GB ) , and it comes with Norton pre - installed , which is a bear to get off of the system if you do n't want it .	Norton	neutral
None of the current HDTVs offer PIP .	PIP	neutral
The screen is great and the key board is one of the nicest I 've had in a laptop .	screen	neutral
The screen is great and the key board is one of the nicest I 've had in a laptop .	key board	neutral
When used as a thin client it gives the IT department no risks whatsoever because all the personal stuff the user can do with the computer remains in the public cloud ... when at work , all corporate data remains	IT department	neutral
In fact , the firmware in the BIOS repositories is older than the installed BIOS .	firmware	neutral
In fact , the firmware in the BIOS repositories is older than the installed BIOS .	BIOS repositories	neutral
In fact , the firmware in the BIOS repositories is older than the installed BIOS .	BIOS	neutral
As for speed it is not the fastest ever .	speed	neutral
The other is an Samsung PM8 SSD , which is meant to improve startup times .	startup times	neutral
I have used , as stated my ear - buds , I have also used a keyboard and a speaker system of my roommates .	keyboard	neutral
I have used , as stated my ear - buds , I have also used a keyboard and a speaker system of my roommates .	speaker system	neutral
This is an excellent price for a solid , necessary component .	price	neutral
You can not beat the 3 M film screen for privacy , especially in a corporate setting where data is especially sensitive .	3 M film screen	neutral
Although you can not change the desktopimages from Win Starter ... you can download software that will allow you to do this .	desktopimages	neutral
Although you can not change the desktopimages from Win Starter ... you can download software that will allow you to do this .	Win Starter	neutral
Although you can not change the desktopimages from Win Starter ... you can download software that will allow you to do this .	software	neutral
And the weight feels about the same despite the larger size .	weight	neutral
And the weight feels about the same despite the larger size .	size	neutral
I have the game 's layout displayed in the Logitech gaming software on the right monitor .	game	neutral
I have the game 's layout displayed in the Logitech gaming software on the right monitor .	layout	neutral
I have the game 's layout displayed in the Logitech gaming software on the right monitor .	Logitech gaming software	neutral
After that the hard drive power connector was not sized correctly and it had to be forced into the hard drive .	hard drive power connector	neutral
After that the hard drive power connector was not sized correctly and it had to be forced into the hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
This adapter is rock solid , and performs just as such .	adapter	neutral
This adapter is rock solid , and performs just as such .	performs	neutral
I was struggling with this for almost a year now , connecting an nvidia card through my receiver to a TV .	nvidia card	neutral
The keyboard back - lighting is really bright .	keyboard back - lighting	neutral
Since the new iMac only had Firewire 800 , I needed to buy a new cable to transfer files .	Firewire 800	neutral
Since the new iMac only had Firewire 800 , I needed to buy a new cable to transfer files .	cable	neutral
Works great and you ca n't beat the price .	Works	neutral
Works great and you ca n't beat the price .	price	neutral
I works well with my old desktop running Windows XP but not with the tablet .	Windows XP	neutral
The color is absolutely gorgeous .	color	neutral
I absolutely love this hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
Unfortunately , at least for Apple devices , there 's yet another step required to move the photos from the app to the camera roll and thus to Photo Share .	camera roll	neutral
Let me repeat it , place the sub - woofer on a reflective surface ,	sub - woofer	neutral
Perfect size for those intermediate trips .	size	neutral
BatteriesThese batteries are designed to hold their charge for a very long time ( unlike others whose life will trickle away even when they are not being used . )	BatteriesThese	neutral
BatteriesThese batteries are designed to hold their charge for a very long time ( unlike others whose life will trickle away even when they are not being used . )	batteries	neutral
BatteriesThese batteries are designed to hold their charge for a very long time ( unlike others whose life will trickle away even when they are not being used . )	charge	neutral
Got Widcomm software to uninstall .	Widcomm software	neutral
Avoid the cheap offbrand batteries as you never know what testing standards they have used .	batteries	neutral
Its super quiet and one great thing is , no exposed fans like other coolers .	fans	neutral
All that low voltage technology and it ca n't even get past 3 hours ?	voltage technology	neutral
However , this product is a poor release with abysmal product testing with regard to WIFI connectivity .	WIFI connectivity	neutral
the sound quality is not great	sound quality	neutral
I can run anything externally that I would with a desktop ( printer , speakers , keyboard , mouse ) straight off the dock	speakers	neutral
I can run anything externally that I would with a desktop ( printer , speakers , keyboard , mouse ) straight off the dock	keyboard	neutral
I can run anything externally that I would with a desktop ( printer , speakers , keyboard , mouse ) straight off the dock	mouse	neutral
I can run anything externally that I would with a desktop ( printer , speakers , keyboard , mouse ) straight off the dock	dock	neutral
It works well and is easy to take with you in your laptop bag .	works	neutral
and I have never found a bluetooth keyboard that is as responsive as a wired keyboard .	bluetooth keyboard	neutral
and I have never found a bluetooth keyboard that is as responsive as a wired keyboard .	wired keyboard	neutral
Skype video chat works .	Skype video chat	neutral
The reason is that you need to have blu - ray player software like powerdvd 12 or arc total theatre 5 or else it wo nt work ..	blu - ray player software	neutral
The reason is that you need to have blu - ray player software like powerdvd 12 or arc total theatre 5 or else it wo nt work ..	powerdvd 12	neutral
The reason is that you need to have blu - ray player software like powerdvd 12 or arc total theatre 5 or else it wo nt work ..	arc total theatre 5	neutral
Two rubber pads are set into the bottom of the battery as & # 8216;feet&#8217 ; , since the original rear feet of the machine are elevated off the surface by the battery .	rubber pads	neutral
Two rubber pads are set into the bottom of the battery as & # 8216;feet&#8217 ; , since the original rear feet of the machine are elevated off the surface by the battery .	battery	neutral
Two rubber pads are set into the bottom of the battery as & # 8216;feet&#8217 ; , since the original rear feet of the machine are elevated off the surface by the battery .	rear feet	neutral
Two rubber pads are set into the bottom of the battery as & # 8216;feet&#8217 ; , since the original rear feet of the machine are elevated off the surface by the battery .	battery	neutral
While I love gaming , I barely use it for that purpose .	gaming	neutral
Poor quality .	quality	neutral
The difference in resolution was immediately evident .	resolution	neutral
It connects easy but some programs do n't like to play nice and you have to go in and change what port there reading from .	connects	neutral
It connects easy but some programs do n't like to play nice and you have to go in and change what port there reading from .	programs	neutral
This one looks good , fits well , and I like the little feet on the bottom .	feet	neutral
This one looks good , fits well , and I like the little feet on the bottom .	bottom	neutral
I fully ejected then reinserted the card and got full bandwidth .	card	neutral
I fully ejected then reinserted the card and got full bandwidth .	bandwidth	neutral
This HP laptop was purchased as a gift at the given price point and has been running fine for light use .	price point	neutral
This HP laptop was purchased as a gift at the given price point and has been running fine for light use .	running	neutral
I purchased the keyboard after my daughter stepped on my original kb .	keyboard	neutral
Although Lenovo provides official drivers for Windows 8 , the display connection is slow and the drivers slow down Windows 8 apps .	drivers	neutral
Although Lenovo provides official drivers for Windows 8 , the display connection is slow and the drivers slow down Windows 8 apps .	Windows 8	neutral
Although Lenovo provides official drivers for Windows 8 , the display connection is slow and the drivers slow down Windows 8 apps .	display connection	neutral
Although Lenovo provides official drivers for Windows 8 , the display connection is slow and the drivers slow down Windows 8 apps .	drivers	neutral
Although Lenovo provides official drivers for Windows 8 , the display connection is slow and the drivers slow down Windows 8 apps .	Windows 8 apps	neutral
( or ... 5 ish , but really , when your laptop weighs less then	weighs	neutral
after my 3 year old had pulled off most of my number keys i needed a new keyboard .	number keys	neutral
after my 3 year old had pulled off most of my number keys i needed a new keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
As this is a bedroom set , I did n't want an elaborate audio set - up .	audio set - up	neutral
Otherwise you will be back on amazon looking for another charger soon .	charger	neutral
It took me a while to figure out how to navigate back from , say , the screen where one selects which zones to play , to the music selection screens .	screen	neutral
It took me a while to figure out how to navigate back from , say , the screen where one selects which zones to play , to the music selection screens .	music	neutral
Windows update should take care of any needed updates as necessary .	Windows update	neutral
The MBP actually moves about , especially up / down with this sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
No real bass , or treble due to the 3 inch rubberized speaker .	bass	neutral
No real bass , or treble due to the 3 inch rubberized speaker .	rubberized speaker	neutral
I used this same monitor with a previous laptop and it performed which ever way I told it too .	monitor	neutral
I made a mounting bracket that works great but should not have to go to such effort .	mounting bracket	neutral
This wireless mouse is efficient , sleek , and just wonderful to look at .	wireless mouse	neutral
This wireless mouse is efficient , sleek , and just wonderful to look at .	look	neutral
To my surprise , it connected very quickly ( yippee ! ) , but right when the connection was completed , my TV screen turned completely black and my laptop monitor flickered and readjusted the display resolution as if I had connected it to an external monitor .	display resolution	neutral
To my surprise , it connected very quickly ( yippee ! ) , but right when the connection was completed , my TV screen turned completely black and my laptop monitor flickered and readjusted the display resolution as if I had connected it to an external monitor .	external monitor	neutral
I even considered using it with an alternate ( bluetooth ) keyboard , but mine was not compatible .	bluetooth ) keyboard	neutral
It fitted well in my netbook and works like a charm ; would buy if another netbook falls into my hands that have a broken keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Not sure if its windows 8 or the hardware or both .	windows 8	neutral
Not sure if its windows 8 or the hardware or both .	hardware	neutral
All the aps are listed right there .	aps	neutral
me but good enough over a few years would eventually cause the drive to fail prematurely .	drive	neutral
I live in a dusty climate and there is a perfect 220 mm circle of dust on the bottom of my laptop , so I can tell that the air only flows where the fan blades are located .	fan blades	neutral
I have tried repeatedly to get Tech Support or live chat or anything I could from ASUS and to No Avail !	Tech Support	neutral
The plug cover - slash - prop is a nice detail .	plug cover - slash - prop	neutral
it just started holding a charge randomly 3 - 4 months later .	charge	neutral
They have a program that claims it will provide a free tip if you have some obscure computer that the included tips do n't match .	program	neutral
They have a program that claims it will provide a free tip if you have some obscure computer that the included tips do n't match .	tips	neutral
Appealing design - the Antec USB - Powered Notebook Cooler ( Pearl ) looks very nice .	design	neutral
Appealing design - the Antec USB - Powered Notebook Cooler ( Pearl ) looks very nice .	USB - Powered	neutral
Like all the others , including such names as Pluggable , Cisco , Belkin , D - Link , the Satechi unit sports an ASIX chip on the inside .	ASIX chip	neutral
Go into System Preferences and click Accessibility .	System	neutral
I am beginning to think there is an issue with this device instead of a driver or other issue .	driver	neutral
it 's right there ( along with my fellows gel pad).I have a lap desk for my laptop , and the air works on it perfectly .	fellows	neutral
it 's right there ( along with my fellows gel pad).I have a lap desk for my laptop , and the air works on it perfectly .	gel pad).I	neutral
Nice cable for the price .	cable	neutral
Nice cable for the price .	price	neutral
Together , I experienced a kernel panic on boot .	kernel	neutral
Together , I experienced a kernel panic on boot .	boot	neutral
She closes the lid and it goes to sleep , she opens it and it wakes up automatically ( which is a great feature that not enough laptops have , unless you 're looking at MacBooks ) .	feature	neutral
Got my wonderful Creative webcam , proudly installed the software , uninstalled the software , installed the software , uninstalled the software .	software	neutral
Got my wonderful Creative webcam , proudly installed the software , uninstalled the software , installed the software , uninstalled the software .	software	neutral
Got my wonderful Creative webcam , proudly installed the software , uninstalled the software , installed the software , uninstalled the software .	software	neutral
Got my wonderful Creative webcam , proudly installed the software , uninstalled the software , installed the software , uninstalled the software .	software	neutral
This adapter is cheaply made .	adapter	neutral
In addition , the backpack feels very comfortable , and even with a camera body , three lenses , and a book , the bag feels surprisingly light when on my back .	camera body	neutral
It has an ample supply of ports , which provide excellent connectivity .	ports	neutral
It has an ample supply of ports , which provide excellent connectivity .	connectivity	neutral
The picture it produces is superb and no issues even at ten feet .	picture	neutral
Even with the highest configuration ( core i , 7 . 256 GB SSD , 8 GB of ram ) this laptop has a very serious shortfall .	configuration	neutral
Even with the highest configuration ( core i , 7 . 256 GB SSD , 8 GB of ram ) this laptop has a very serious shortfall .	core i	neutral
Even with the highest configuration ( core i , 7 . 256 GB SSD , 8 GB of ram ) this laptop has a very serious shortfall .	8	neutral
I have run out of places to plug USB devices into my camera .	USB devices	neutral
on one side you stick the power block which is pretty small .	power block	neutral
It works great , fits fine ( yes , you can tell it 's not an original part , because it 's VERY slightly raised from the surrounding surface , but it 's not a big deal at all ) , the packaging was more sturdy and professional than the others I 've tried , and the system recognized the battery immediately and began charging .	packaging	neutral
It works great , fits fine ( yes , you can tell it 's not an original part , because it 's VERY slightly raised from the surrounding surface , but it 's not a big deal at all ) , the packaging was more sturdy and professional than the others I 've tried , and the system recognized the battery immediately and began charging .	system	neutral
It works great , fits fine ( yes , you can tell it 's not an original part , because it 's VERY slightly raised from the surrounding surface , but it 's not a big deal at all ) , the packaging was more sturdy and professional than the others I 've tried , and the system recognized the battery immediately and began charging .	battery	neutral
It works great , fits fine ( yes , you can tell it 's not an original part , because it 's VERY slightly raised from the surrounding surface , but it 's not a big deal at all ) , the packaging was more sturdy and professional than the others I 've tried , and the system recognized the battery immediately and began charging .	charging	neutral
The labels looked different from ones I have bought .	labels	neutral
While these cord wrappers help with the tangled mess , they also make the headphone wire curled when you unwind them for listening purposes , which is annoying .	cord wrappers	neutral
While these cord wrappers help with the tangled mess , they also make the headphone wire curled when you unwind them for listening purposes , which is annoying .	headphone wire	neutral
1/21-I was told the e - mail to a case manager was sent marked as a priority .	case manager	neutral
On the plus side , they came with a travel pouch , two AAA batteries ( only one is needed for power ) , and two adapters .	travel pouch	neutral
On the plus side , they came with a travel pouch , two AAA batteries ( only one is needed for power ) , and two adapters .	AAA batteries	neutral
On the plus side , they came with a travel pouch , two AAA batteries ( only one is needed for power ) , and two adapters .	adapters	neutral
The performance is everything that was promised and it worked flawlessly to connect my two electronic devices .	performance	neutral
The volume is impressive and has lots of features .	volume	neutral
The volume is impressive and has lots of features .	features	neutral
I was also using the MediaTech N Router , but that made no difference .	MediaTech N Router	neutral
Swiping and navigating with the touchpad is fairly smooth , although I did experience an occasional stutters .	touchpad	neutral
It works great and has great response to movement .	works	neutral
It works great and has great response to movement .	response	neutral
Curious if it was power requirements that caused the problem , I plugged in my USB memory into the hub .	power requirements	neutral
Curious if it was power requirements that caused the problem , I plugged in my USB memory into the hub .	USB memory	neutral
Curious if it was power requirements that caused the problem , I plugged in my USB memory into the hub .	hub	neutral
I use multiple peripherals , and like being able to plug them in at will without clogging up too much of my computer&#8217;s precious real estate .	peripherals	neutral
For the price , I think this should be expected .	price	neutral
My Canon MG 5220 printer software do not work as well in OS X as in Windows .	Canon MG 5220 printer software	neutral
My Canon MG 5220 printer software do not work as well in OS X as in Windows .	OS X	neutral
My Canon MG 5220 printer software do not work as well in OS X as in Windows .	Windows	neutral
After changing all of the mic settings ( to no avail ) I told him I was going to order a new microphone .	mic settings	neutral
After changing all of the mic settings ( to no avail ) I told him I was going to order a new microphone .	microphone	neutral
When graphics is switched to the faster chip ( this is automatic unless you choose to always use the faster chip in the energy preferences ) , the computer gets hot .	graphics	neutral
When graphics is switched to the faster chip ( this is automatic unless you choose to always use the faster chip in the energy preferences ) , the computer gets hot .	chip	neutral
When graphics is switched to the faster chip ( this is automatic unless you choose to always use the faster chip in the energy preferences ) , the computer gets hot .	chip	neutral
In retrospect , something was probably wrong with that battery , but I just learned to live with it .	battery	neutral
Pairs easily .	Pairs	neutral
The material is also thick and pliable	material	neutral
but it is n't real sounding bass .	bass	neutral
Human interface devices :	Human interface devices	neutral
hoursC. Power Saver , screen brightness at 50 % , WIFI ON with constant browsing ,	Power Saver	neutral
hoursC. Power Saver , screen brightness at 50 % , WIFI ON with constant browsing ,	screen brightness	neutral
hoursC. Power Saver , screen brightness at 50 % , WIFI ON with constant browsing ,	WIFI	neutral
It has a nice metal covering over the top of the plastic body and has some heft to it .	metal covering	neutral
It has a nice metal covering over the top of the plastic body and has some heft to it .	plastic body	neutral
The touchpad is quite a bit more resistant to clicking than I would like .	touchpad	neutral
I gave these to my girlfriend so we could voice chat instead of using the internal microphones .	internal microphones	neutral
For $ 100 more w/ the VT , I 'll take the upgrade to DDR3 instead of DDR2 memory with the AG , plus switchable graphics ( read : increased performance while plugged in ) .	DDR3	neutral
For $ 100 more w/ the VT , I 'll take the upgrade to DDR3 instead of DDR2 memory with the AG , plus switchable graphics ( read : increased performance while plugged in ) .	DDR2 memory	neutral
For $ 100 more w/ the VT , I 'll take the upgrade to DDR3 instead of DDR2 memory with the AG , plus switchable graphics ( read : increased performance while plugged in ) .	switchable graphics	neutral
For $ 100 more w/ the VT , I 'll take the upgrade to DDR3 instead of DDR2 memory with the AG , plus switchable graphics ( read : increased performance while plugged in ) .	performance	neutral
Two stars for working like a charm on my 8 year old Toshiba laptop running XP SP3 connecting my ancient Casio CZ-1000 .	XP SP3	neutral
27 July 2012:I have been using this computer constantly now for about two months and it has started to show battery issues .	battery	neutral
Stayed at an RV park in Riverside , CA where I could not pick up the wireless signal till I plugged in this little adaptor .	wireless signal	neutral
Touchscreen is much more responsive , browser is faster , animations flow more smoothly , full gamepad compatibility via USB , better " relationship " between dock and tablet .	Touchscreen	neutral
Touchscreen is much more responsive , browser is faster , animations flow more smoothly , full gamepad compatibility via USB , better " relationship " between dock and tablet .	browser	neutral
Touchscreen is much more responsive , browser is faster , animations flow more smoothly , full gamepad compatibility via USB , better " relationship " between dock and tablet .	animations	neutral
Touchscreen is much more responsive , browser is faster , animations flow more smoothly , full gamepad compatibility via USB , better " relationship " between dock and tablet .	gamepad compatibility	neutral
and if you turned it higher , the screen brightness would dim so much that you could hardly tell what was on there .	screen brightness	neutral
My only drawback is the wifi and bluetooth reception .	wifi	neutral
My only drawback is the wifi and bluetooth reception .	bluetooth reception	neutral
it 's tiny but has terrific big sound for the price .	sound	neutral
it 's tiny but has terrific big sound for the price .	price	neutral
True , it connects to your bluetooth music player , but the left and right speaker connect to each other with a little cable that is included so it is not completely wireless .	left	neutral
True , it connects to your bluetooth music player , but the left and right speaker connect to each other with a little cable that is included so it is not completely wireless .	right speaker	neutral
After reboot , Windows XP Pro told me it had recovered from a fatal system error and asked me to report the crash .	Windows XP Pro	neutral
After reboot , Windows XP Pro told me it had recovered from a fatal system error and asked me to report the crash .	system	neutral
Now I have to add - after about 8 months the battery will not take any charge - and when the battery is in the computer the battery indicator flashes continually red - then green - and the computer will not run .	battery	neutral
Now I have to add - after about 8 months the battery will not take any charge - and when the battery is in the computer the battery indicator flashes continually red - then green - and the computer will not run .	charge	neutral
Now I have to add - after about 8 months the battery will not take any charge - and when the battery is in the computer the battery indicator flashes continually red - then green - and the computer will not run .	battery	neutral
Now I have to add - after about 8 months the battery will not take any charge - and when the battery is in the computer the battery indicator flashes continually red - then green - and the computer will not run .	battery indicator	neutral
The bottom line is that I highly recommend this computer to anyone who wants a high end machine that has portability .	portability	neutral
Now that I know that , it 's not annoying when my fingers do n't register movement on the bottom of the touchpad .	touchpad	neutral
but it still it would not sync .	sync	neutral
it was very little cost out of my pocket .	cost	neutral
With this plugged in , there are blue screens directly caused by the camera .	camera	neutral
Outer pocket has my ziploc for lights and my misc stuff like Airborne , medicines , pens , USB thumbdrives , etc .	USB thumbdrives	neutral
Keep windows media player at about 25 and speakers at about 70 or lower , then set the speakers to your liking .	windows media player	neutral
Keep windows media player at about 25 and speakers at about 70 or lower , then set the speakers to your liking .	speakers	neutral
Keep windows media player at about 25 and speakers at about 70 or lower , then set the speakers to your liking .	speakers	neutral
It eliminates the need to use the trackpad .	trackpad	neutral
The keyboard and touchpad are very intuitive with cool shortcuts and gestures .	keyboard	neutral
The keyboard and touchpad are very intuitive with cool shortcuts and gestures .	touchpad	neutral
The keyboard and touchpad are very intuitive with cool shortcuts and gestures .	shortcuts	neutral
The straps on the bag for storing monopods or tripods would be better if they had clips rather than just snug downs .	straps	neutral
The adapter size needs to be improved on , and so does the printing perfection .	adapter size	neutral
The adapter size needs to be improved on , and so does the printing perfection .	printing	neutral
The Enter key is oddly shaped for no apparent reason other than gratuitous ugliness .	Enter key	neutral
The difference in usable viewing angle , especially , is dramatic .	viewing angle	neutral
The other two however ( especially the gateway ) forced me into being bound o the charger and function like a desktop .	charger	neutral
I am hoping the unit I received is simply defective and that this ' whine ' is not acceptable functionality .	functionality	neutral
Battery lasts ~4 .	Battery	neutral
It comes with two USB cables .	USB cables	neutral
The mounting system is simple and as long as you do n't plan on moving it or the monitor a lot , it should stay in place .	mounting system	neutral
The mounting system is simple and as long as you do n't plan on moving it or the monitor a lot , it should stay in place .	monitor	neutral
I 've plugged in my flash drives and my MP3 player without a problem .	flash drives	neutral
The reason for only 4 instead of 5 stars : The buttons on top each serve dual purposes - or even 3 in one case .	buttons	neutral
Have app't with Google technician .	Google technician	neutral
( have n't found a fix for this yet ) , but I do n't use Magic Jack that much for it too be an issue .	Magic Jack	neutral
Very economical solution to replacing a lens cap .	lens cap	neutral
Boots very quickly from sleep , I personally never shut down this machine	Boots	neutral
Originally , I got the anker keyboard that allows the ipad to be propped up in the groove .	anker keyboard	neutral
this is a near perfect photo backpack-- > excellent ergonomics / great fit ( as is the case with all lowepro products ) , excellent construction ( as with all lowepro products ) , good tripod holder , and	ergonomics	neutral
this is a near perfect photo backpack-- > excellent ergonomics / great fit ( as is the case with all lowepro products ) , excellent construction ( as with all lowepro products ) , good tripod holder , and	construction	neutral
this is a near perfect photo backpack-- > excellent ergonomics / great fit ( as is the case with all lowepro products ) , excellent construction ( as with all lowepro products ) , good tripod holder , and	tripod holder	neutral
I 'm really satisfied with these sleeves .	sleeves	neutral
SurgePlus does what is expected , but in our situation ( due to the granite thickness ) the plug cover placed on the end does not actually give much support to the entire unit .	SurgePlus	neutral
SurgePlus does what is expected , but in our situation ( due to the granite thickness ) the plug cover placed on the end does not actually give much support to the entire unit .	plug cover	neutral
Now all he has to do is learn how to use his applications and then he 'll be an expert .	applications	neutral
The keys are big enough for my thick fingers can comfortably type .	keys	neutral
Otherwise , the hub works great ; I have 5 things plugged into it , and they all work fine .	hub	neutral
The hard drive went .	hard drive	neutral
Setup was a breeze and connecting devices is simple and easy .	Setup	neutral
There are thousands of Google apps in the Chrome web store .	Chrome web store	neutral
Got a free APC but it had a dead battery .	APC	neutral
Got a free APC but it had a dead battery .	battery	neutral
A green LED above the USB outlet shows when the adapter has power and makes orienting the USB plug foolproof .	USB outlet	neutral
A green LED above the USB outlet shows when the adapter has power and makes orienting the USB plug foolproof .	USB plug	neutral
Used the battery through 1 complete cycle .	battery	neutral
It is not the more common Display Adapter and finding the correct adapter is not easy .	Display Adapter	neutral
It is not the more common Display Adapter and finding the correct adapter is not easy .	adapter	neutral
Part of me thinks the hardware in this device is more than adequate and Chrome OS 24 , 25 will be further optimized to bring back some of that bang .	hardware	neutral
Part of me thinks the hardware in this device is more than adequate and Chrome OS 24 , 25 will be further optimized to bring back some of that bang .	Chrome OS 24	neutral
I thought then that the pad was working successfully to help keep the laptop cool .	pad	neutral
Not much to say about this case , its 50 % transparent , protects from scratches , matte color .	color	neutral
So , the same cigarette lighter adapter can be used to charge my ipaq !	cigarette lighter adapter	neutral
The problem with the ATI gpu 's is that the laptop versions of these are very finicky about what games they like , and whether or not the games like there drivers .	ATI gpu 's	neutral
The problem with the ATI gpu 's is that the laptop versions of these are very finicky about what games they like , and whether or not the games like there drivers .	games	neutral
The problem with the ATI gpu 's is that the laptop versions of these are very finicky about what games they like , and whether or not the games like there drivers .	games	neutral
The laptop hangs out at the zipper end and can not possibly be zipped closed .	zipper end	neutral
I had to take the battery out and unplug the unit to hold the power button a few minutes to ensure the unit had no charge left .	battery	neutral
I had to take the battery out and unplug the unit to hold the power button a few minutes to ensure the unit had no charge left .	power button	neutral
I had to take the battery out and unplug the unit to hold the power button a few minutes to ensure the unit had no charge left .	charge	neutral
I purchased this Toshiba Ultrabook in April , mainly because of the light weight , the thinness and the SSD Hard Drive .	thinness	neutral
I purchased this Toshiba Ultrabook in April , mainly because of the light weight , the thinness and the SSD Hard Drive .	SSD Hard Drive	neutral
The selling points for my wife were the " Easy Button " , in which the camera handles exposure and other settings to ensure an adequate picture ( and because home videos look better in 60i - 24p would be far too stroby in that case ) , and the small size of the camera : as other reviews have pointed out , it is the size of a soda can .	size	neutral
The selling points for my wife were the " Easy Button " , in which the camera handles exposure and other settings to ensure an adequate picture ( and because home videos look better in 60i - 24p would be far too stroby in that case ) , and the small size of the camera : as other reviews have pointed out , it is the size of a soda can .	camera	neutral
I wanted a small case - one just large enough for a laptop plus some files and a few extras like power supply , VOIP headset + charger .	case	neutral
I wanted a small case - one just large enough for a laptop plus some files and a few extras like power supply , VOIP headset + charger .	power supply	neutral
I wanted a small case - one just large enough for a laptop plus some files and a few extras like power supply , VOIP headset + charger .	VOIP headset	neutral
I wanted a small case - one just large enough for a laptop plus some files and a few extras like power supply , VOIP headset + charger .	charger	neutral
It plays SD and HD videos just fine with no noticeable lag .	SD	neutral
Love this little keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
The Optical Drive is very fragile / flimsy !	Optical Drive	neutral
but I actually like the set up .	set up	neutral
It has enough compartments to suit my needs , provides enough protection for my valuable gear , is comfortable to carry , and it has gotten me through TSA scanner lines quickly and efficiently .	compartments	neutral
So I bought the official replacement which came with a 6 foot cord .	6 foot cord	neutral
so I was capable of charging my phone / laptop .	charging	neutral
My dog chewed through the original charger that came with my laptop .	charger	neutral
2 USB Smart Ports to charge ALL devices at their max speed .	USB Smart Ports	neutral
2 USB Smart Ports to charge ALL devices at their max speed .	speed	neutral
Which is nice , cause it does n't make it feel weak.- Build quality is great .	Build quality	neutral
Installation was a non - event in that Win 7 recognized it and installed it without any intervention from me .	Win 7	neutral
and the 2 out of 5 signal strength bars did n't go up a bit .	signal strength bars	neutral
Because these have the subwoofer somewhat built in , you 'll get low rumbles directly to the ears and not out and around you .	subwoofer	neutral
Definitely worth the price .	price	neutral
No loss of speed , supports both 1 . 1 and 2 . 0 at the same time , and can be separately powered if necessary ( the device comes with a power adapter ) .	speed	neutral
No loss of speed , supports both 1 . 1 and 2 . 0 at the same time , and can be separately powered if necessary ( the device comes with a power adapter ) .	power adapter	neutral
I would recommend this product because it works great and it is easy to use .	works	neutral
I would recommend this product because it works great and it is easy to use .	use	neutral
I did n't want to go for the USB dongles as I think those look tacky hanging off the computer 's USB port .	USB dongles	neutral
I did n't want to go for the USB dongles as I think those look tacky hanging off the computer 's USB port .	USB port	neutral
My only problem at first was having to upgrade my internet because I could not get internet access on here at first .	internet	neutral
My only problem at first was having to upgrade my internet because I could not get internet access on here at first .	internet	neutral
None of them is completely perfect , including this Cable Matters ' version , but here 's where this REALLY works for me .	Cable Matters	neutral
I also have Windows XP in the innotek VirtualBox which is a program that run a full OS inside Ubuntu 's OS , that program gives you the ability of having Windows without having to reboot , now you can find tons of programs like this that help you switch OS without too much trauma , Crossover is a program that let you install and run MS Windows programs and application 's on Linux .	Windows XP	neutral
I also have Windows XP in the innotek VirtualBox which is a program that run a full OS inside Ubuntu 's OS , that program gives you the ability of having Windows without having to reboot , now you can find tons of programs like this that help you switch OS without too much trauma , Crossover is a program that let you install and run MS Windows programs and application 's on Linux .	program	neutral
I also have Windows XP in the innotek VirtualBox which is a program that run a full OS inside Ubuntu 's OS , that program gives you the ability of having Windows without having to reboot , now you can find tons of programs like this that help you switch OS without too much trauma , Crossover is a program that let you install and run MS Windows programs and application 's on Linux .	OS	neutral
I also have Windows XP in the innotek VirtualBox which is a program that run a full OS inside Ubuntu 's OS , that program gives you the ability of having Windows without having to reboot , now you can find tons of programs like this that help you switch OS without too much trauma , Crossover is a program that let you install and run MS Windows programs and application 's on Linux .	Windows	neutral
I also have Windows XP in the innotek VirtualBox which is a program that run a full OS inside Ubuntu 's OS , that program gives you the ability of having Windows without having to reboot , now you can find tons of programs like this that help you switch OS without too much trauma , Crossover is a program that let you install and run MS Windows programs and application 's on Linux .	programs	neutral
I also have Windows XP in the innotek VirtualBox which is a program that run a full OS inside Ubuntu 's OS , that program gives you the ability of having Windows without having to reboot , now you can find tons of programs like this that help you switch OS without too much trauma , Crossover is a program that let you install and run MS Windows programs and application 's on Linux .	OS	neutral
I also have Windows XP in the innotek VirtualBox which is a program that run a full OS inside Ubuntu 's OS , that program gives you the ability of having Windows without having to reboot , now you can find tons of programs like this that help you switch OS without too much trauma , Crossover is a program that let you install and run MS Windows programs and application 's on Linux .	program	neutral
I also have Windows XP in the innotek VirtualBox which is a program that run a full OS inside Ubuntu 's OS , that program gives you the ability of having Windows without having to reboot , now you can find tons of programs like this that help you switch OS without too much trauma , Crossover is a program that let you install and run MS Windows programs and application 's on Linux .	MS Windows programs	neutral
The biggest complaint about most Netbooks is the keyboard and the touchpad .	keyboard	neutral
The biggest complaint about most Netbooks is the keyboard and the touchpad .	touchpad	neutral
A strip of metallic plastic which is so smooth you may begin to view it as just a nonfunctional design .	design	neutral
In addition to the mousepad , there is a pointing stick with 2 buttons below the space key , allowing for either to control the cursor .	mousepad	neutral
In addition to the mousepad , there is a pointing stick with 2 buttons below the space key , allowing for either to control the cursor .	pointing stick	neutral
In addition to the mousepad , there is a pointing stick with 2 buttons below the space key , allowing for either to control the cursor .	space key	neutral
In addition to the mousepad , there is a pointing stick with 2 buttons below the space key , allowing for either to control the cursor .	cursor	neutral
Attaching the charging cord sent it into conniption fits , spontaneously typing while ignoring the typing I was attempting .	charging cord	neutral
I tried a bunch of SD cards both old and new with a Dual G5 Mac running 10 . 5 .	SD cards	neutral
The package also comes with a cable for wired used , if bluetooth can not be used , such as on a plane .	cable	neutral
The package also comes with a cable for wired used , if bluetooth can not be used , such as on a plane .	wired used	neutral
The package also comes with a cable for wired used , if bluetooth can not be used , such as on a plane .	bluetooth	neutral
The zippers are pretty soft , but there is a stiff lining on both main compartments that is uncomfortable on my hands / arms when reaching in the bag .	zippers	neutral
The zippers are pretty soft , but there is a stiff lining on both main compartments that is uncomfortable on my hands / arms when reaching in the bag .	lining	neutral
The zippers are pretty soft , but there is a stiff lining on both main compartments that is uncomfortable on my hands / arms when reaching in the bag .	compartments	neutral
The volume and track forward / track back controls are large buttons on the right headphone .	volume	neutral
The volume and track forward / track back controls are large buttons on the right headphone .	track forward /	neutral
The volume and track forward / track back controls are large buttons on the right headphone .	track back controls	neutral
I did n't want to buy a new battery directly from dell because they were about $ 100 for a brand new battery .	battery	neutral
I did n't want to buy a new battery directly from dell because they were about $ 100 for a brand new battery .	battery	neutral
However , for some odd reason , if you need to use the standard left / right audio out ( or want to use standard composite video as well ) , they have moved THAT plug to the rear of the HFS10 in the upper right corner , under another little rubber plug as irritating as the one covering the AC power in .	left / right audio out	neutral
However , for some odd reason , if you need to use the standard left / right audio out ( or want to use standard composite video as well ) , they have moved THAT plug to the rear of the HFS10 in the upper right corner , under another little rubber plug as irritating as the one covering the AC power in .	plug	neutral
However , for some odd reason , if you need to use the standard left / right audio out ( or want to use standard composite video as well ) , they have moved THAT plug to the rear of the HFS10 in the upper right corner , under another little rubber plug as irritating as the one covering the AC power in .	rubber plug	neutral
However , for some odd reason , if you need to use the standard left / right audio out ( or want to use standard composite video as well ) , they have moved THAT plug to the rear of the HFS10 in the upper right corner , under another little rubber plug as irritating as the one covering the AC power in .	AC power in	neutral
The touch pad is easily disabled by pushing a button .	touch pad	neutral
This enclosure is USB bus - powered ; no separate power cord is needed .	USB bus	neutral
This enclosure is USB bus - powered ; no separate power cord is needed .	power cord	neutral
This memory foam protects like no other case I have ever had , and I have had a great many over the years ...	memory foam	neutral
I love how easily the zippers slide and the handles work perfectly .	zippers	neutral
I love how easily the zippers slide and the handles work perfectly .	handles	neutral
I upgraded my dell from xp to win7 and needed this for internet .	xp	neutral
I upgraded my dell from xp to win7 and needed this for internet .	win7	neutral
reviewers described their touch pads as being difficult to use or broken .	touch pads	neutral
At this volume the quality is quite pleasant ... which leads me to : Sound Quality :	quality	neutral
At this volume the quality is quite pleasant ... which leads me to : Sound Quality :	Sound Quality	neutral
It does n't handle hd video well but is great for web surfing and code .	hd video	neutral
It does n't handle hd video well but is great for web surfing and code .	web surfing	neutral
With the install delays , I 'm not talking about having problems installing the programs--	install delays	neutral
With the install delays , I 'm not talking about having problems installing the programs--	programs--	neutral
Easy to install .	install	neutral
I hooked this Tv up to my Comcast HD cable and the picture is amazing !	Comcast HD cable	neutral
I hooked this Tv up to my Comcast HD cable and the picture is amazing !	picture	neutral
I was buying this to use with a Silverstone ML04 case which has some pretty specific size restrictions for the power supply and optical disc drive .	size	neutral
I was buying this to use with a Silverstone ML04 case which has some pretty specific size restrictions for the power supply and optical disc drive .	power supply	neutral
I was buying this to use with a Silverstone ML04 case which has some pretty specific size restrictions for the power supply and optical disc drive .	optical disc drive	neutral
the new tv does n't have any analog outputs besides headphone , so my options were slim .	analog outputs	neutral
the new tv does n't have any analog outputs besides headphone , so my options were slim .	headphone	neutral
had I gone with the U3 , but then again , that means the size specification is a bit misleading .	size specification	neutral
Both are touch screen and both run the full version of Windows 8 with 2 Gigs of RAM and an Atom processor .	touch screen	neutral
Both are touch screen and both run the full version of Windows 8 with 2 Gigs of RAM and an Atom processor .	Windows 8	neutral
It 's pleasant to use , and for $ 200 , the various hardware and software flaws are n't bad enough to give me much pause .	use	neutral
It 's pleasant to use , and for $ 200 , the various hardware and software flaws are n't bad enough to give me much pause .	hardware	neutral
It 's pleasant to use , and for $ 200 , the various hardware and software flaws are n't bad enough to give me much pause .	software	neutral
I will update based on durability of the plastic .	durability	neutral
I will update based on durability of the plastic .	plastic	neutral
and I did n't have high hopes to start with.- it shipped with a install CD for Windows ( not sure if anyone still does this ) UPDATE 7/30/2013 :	install CD for	neutral
and I did n't have high hopes to start with.- it shipped with a install CD for Windows ( not sure if anyone still does this ) UPDATE 7/30/2013 :	Windows	neutral
Incredibly affordable and great priceCons:-	priceCons:-	neutral
Needed a longer cord for my subwoofer .	cord	neutral
Needed a longer cord for my subwoofer .	subwoofer	neutral
Its not perfect ( does n't feel like I 'm typing without the skin on the keyboard ) , but it works .	keyboard	neutral
The eye cup arrived yesterday , ahead of schedule , and fits my camera perfectly .	eye cup	neutral
Both of these features diminish the accessibility of most USB ports .	features	neutral
Both of these features diminish the accessibility of most USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
It comes with software , but it may not work on your version of Windows .	software	neutral
The original Toshiba adapter was a straight plug , it had no curve , so when you moved the laptop , the cord would get caught or just come unplugged .	cord	neutral
Exterior pockets are also roomy and good for a variety of smaller items .	Exterior pockets	neutral
This items scroll button malfunctions every since I plugged it in when surfing it really messes up time and flow	scroll button	neutral
This items scroll button malfunctions every since I plugged it in when surfing it really messes up time and flow	surfing	neutral
I 've been getting about 5 hrs useage to - date , seems like the original battery lasted longer than this replacement .	battery	neutral
Many hotel rooms do n't have enough free electrical outlets in convenient places for all the electronic devices we take when we travel .	electrical outlets	neutral
I also would n't expect anything larger than a 15&#34 ; display to fit .	15&#34 ; display	neutral
This is the second after - market battery I 've bought for my Dell .	battery	neutral
( See my other reviews to see which antenna cable works for me.)Dec 2009:Pros :	antenna cable	neutral
I had considered extending AppleCare but figured eh-	AppleCare	neutral
so I gave up and just used VGA instead .	VGA	neutral
Loved the look of it ( does n't affect how it works though ) .	look	neutral
I 'm now using an Amazon Basics silicone case that only covers the back of the iPad .	silicone case	neutral
If you are going to do heavy word processing , then you will need a USB keyboard-	word processing	neutral
If you are going to do heavy word processing , then you will need a USB keyboard-	USB keyboard-	neutral
I can deal with 4 GB RAM ( balances out with the other fixed specs like CPU ) .	4 GB RAM	neutral
I can deal with 4 GB RAM ( balances out with the other fixed specs like CPU ) .	specs	neutral
I can deal with 4 GB RAM ( balances out with the other fixed specs like CPU ) .	CPU	neutral
These speakers are just OK .	speakers	neutral
a cooling fan is a far better design , even if the cooler running CPU is somewhat less powerful .	cooling fan	neutral
a cooling fan is a far better design , even if the cooler running CPU is somewhat less powerful .	design	neutral
I normally type at 70 wpm , and find that the keyboard behaves reliably up to about 35 wpm , then starts jamming or skipping letters beyond that point .	keyboard	neutral
Performance seems good and	Performance	neutral
I use this for software development .	software development	neutral
great bag for my new samsung net - book . holds net - book securely and has a neat pocket for my mouse .	mouse	neutral
I 've been using this 32 G USB to move data for work and home .	32 G USB	neutral
: I only have to attach a single Thunderbolt cable and power cable to my MacBook Pro when I come in every morning , and all of my peripherals are set up .	Thunderbolt cable	neutral
: I only have to attach a single Thunderbolt cable and power cable to my MacBook Pro when I come in every morning , and all of my peripherals are set up .	power cable	neutral
Small enough to be used as a " personal item " on board means obviously it 's not big enough to hold a few clothes , and be a full carry on , but the attached back strap secured in the middle by Velcro when not in use , makes slipping it over the handle on your roll on luggage easy and convenient .	back strap	neutral
Autofocus worked perfectly , and the camera changed focus quickly from " talking head " to " full room."I called Optia and talked with their tech support fellow , Enoch , before I made the purchase .	Autofocus	neutral
Autofocus worked perfectly , and the camera changed focus quickly from " talking head " to " full room."I called Optia and talked with their tech support fellow , Enoch , before I made the purchase .	camera	neutral
Autofocus worked perfectly , and the camera changed focus quickly from " talking head " to " full room."I called Optia and talked with their tech support fellow , Enoch , before I made the purchase .	tech support fellow	neutral
Still , I 'll think twice before ordering anything from Asus again , including motherboards and tablets like the eee Transformer that I was about to order for the hospital in addition to iPads .	motherboards	neutral
The battery lasts about one hour , which is OK .	battery	neutral
Loved the sound , but was not sure if the Creature IIIs would be as good .	sound	neutral
The battery has lasted much longer than the old one that came with the computer .	battery	neutral
DisplayLink , which provides the drivers for this device , is good about doing regular updates .	DisplayLink	neutral
DisplayLink , which provides the drivers for this device , is good about doing regular updates .	drivers	neutral
the fan is fairly quiet indeed .	fan	neutral
Once again , after searching in the forum , I realise this is a design issue4 .	design	neutral
The sub woofer is marginal at best and does not provide any sort of base .	sub woofer	neutral
The sub woofer is marginal at best and does not provide any sort of base .	base	neutral
Should be solid amber and then solid green when fully charged .	charged	neutral
The picture is very nice .	picture	neutral
Not sure if it has the same charge life as the original but it seems to be adequate for normal requirements .	charge life	neutral
Immediately upon attaching the ethernet cables , I had an internet connection and was connected to my network .	ethernet cables	neutral
Immediately upon attaching the ethernet cables , I had an internet connection and was connected to my network .	internet connection	neutral
I like it not because my PC lacks USB connections , but because I can disconnect all of my Aux .	USB connections	neutral
Shipping was fast and cable is very durable .	Shipping	neutral
Shipping was fast and cable is very durable .	cable	neutral
Design is underplayed in this market , but it is very important !	Design	neutral
and then it runs slowly because of memory size .	memory size	neutral
For the price the camera and microphone work fine .	price	neutral
For the price the camera and microphone work fine .	camera	neutral
For the price the camera and microphone work fine .	microphone	neutral
I agree with others that one major drawback is the lack of padding on the bottom .	padding	neutral
I agree with others that one major drawback is the lack of padding on the bottom .	bottom	neutral
The true HD display , the Blu - Ray player , the backlit keyboard , 1 TB Hard Drive , 8 GB RAM , and the sleek design .	HD display	neutral
The true HD display , the Blu - Ray player , the backlit keyboard , 1 TB Hard Drive , 8 GB RAM , and the sleek design .	Blu - Ray player	neutral
The true HD display , the Blu - Ray player , the backlit keyboard , 1 TB Hard Drive , 8 GB RAM , and the sleek design .	backlit keyboard	neutral
The true HD display , the Blu - Ray player , the backlit keyboard , 1 TB Hard Drive , 8 GB RAM , and the sleek design .	1 TB Hard Drive	neutral
The true HD display , the Blu - Ray player , the backlit keyboard , 1 TB Hard Drive , 8 GB RAM , and the sleek design .	8	neutral
The true HD display , the Blu - Ray player , the backlit keyboard , 1 TB Hard Drive , 8 GB RAM , and the sleek design .	design	neutral
I have the 16 " model and probably would have found the 17 " size easier to use .	17 " size	neutral
I have the 16 " model and probably would have found the 17 " size easier to use .	use	neutral
If you are looking for a wireless mouse for similar purpose and similar size then I would suggestMicrosoft	wireless mouse	neutral
If you are looking for a wireless mouse for similar purpose and similar size then I would suggestMicrosoft	size	neutral
1 Firewire 800 port , 2 USB 2 . 0 ports , Stereo speakers and subwoofer .	Firewire 800 port	neutral
1 Firewire 800 port , 2 USB 2 . 0 ports , Stereo speakers and subwoofer .	USB 2 . 0 ports	neutral
1 Firewire 800 port , 2 USB 2 . 0 ports , Stereo speakers and subwoofer .	Stereo speakers	neutral
1 Firewire 800 port , 2 USB 2 . 0 ports , Stereo speakers and subwoofer .	subwoofer	neutral
I have a few other laptop case that is just as good as this one yet priced at least 30 % less .	priced	neutral
the connecting should be longer .	connecting	neutral
Thule 's sleeve is engineered with the same waffle design seen in its bike and cargo racks for good shock resistance .	design	neutral
Thule 's sleeve is engineered with the same waffle design seen in its bike and cargo racks for good shock resistance .	shock resistance	neutral
Yes , the price on this baby is steep .	price	neutral
Note that this adapter supports 2 .	adapter	neutral
Easy setup and works great !	setup	neutral
Easy setup and works great !	works	neutral
Very good price for memory for laptop .	price	neutral
Very good price for memory for laptop .	memory	neutral
Normal lookCons :	lookCons	neutral
I called Apple and they said the generic cord should be fine , but since I still have AppleCare they are sending me an extra Apple power cord for free .	AppleCare	neutral
Also , turning the direction of the prongs is far more difficult than it should be .	prongs	neutral
The sound overall is better than I would expect from speakers this small , but I was also looking for just a slight step down in bass , and this was like two steps down .	sound	neutral
The sound overall is better than I would expect from speakers this small , but I was also looking for just a slight step down in bass , and this was like two steps down .	speakers	neutral
The sound overall is better than I would expect from speakers this small , but I was also looking for just a slight step down in bass , and this was like two steps down .	bass	neutral
* Over Packaged ; came in plastic box containing the mouse protected in a plastic tray with a cardboard insert , but at least it was n't a " clam shell " to cut openThis is not really a great option for a desk mouse , but it is a very good choice while traveling or occasional use .	mouse	neutral
I opened it up and Googgled the battery # 303038p and it only showed up on the battery mfg .	battery	neutral
I opened it up and Googgled the battery # 303038p and it only showed up on the battery mfg .	battery mfg	neutral
Well , my impressions of this laptop have again returned to a much more positive level as a result of the fact that after several recent software updates of the Chrome OS , my physical keyboard issues had seemingly disappeared .	Chrome OS	neutral
Well , my impressions of this laptop have again returned to a much more positive level as a result of the fact that after several recent software updates of the Chrome OS , my physical keyboard issues had seemingly disappeared .	physical keyboard	neutral
You also have a network scan tab to quickly search for different networks .	network scan tab	neutral
and I must say I spent a few minutes admiring all the features .	features	neutral
My trackpad cover had wrinkles on it	trackpad cover	neutral
The 50 , 000:1 Dynamic contrast as you know is not the real contrast ratio .	Dynamic contrast	neutral
The 50 , 000:1 Dynamic contrast as you know is not the real contrast ratio .	contrast ratio	neutral
Overall : If you want a super portable and very stylish laptop , you 're comfortable working in the google environment of web apps , you have ready access to wi - fi , and you 're on a budget	wi - fi	neutral
The rip - stop fabric is sturdy with a checkered weave on accent pieces .	rip - stop fabric	neutral
Sadly it 's almost twice the price , but it 's the only other alternative that has decent reviews.- Replacing your own RAM does NOT void the warranty or the Apple Care that covers your MacBook .	price	neutral
Sadly it 's almost twice the price , but it 's the only other alternative that has decent reviews.- Replacing your own RAM does NOT void the warranty or the Apple Care that covers your MacBook .	RAM	neutral
Sadly it 's almost twice the price , but it 's the only other alternative that has decent reviews.- Replacing your own RAM does NOT void the warranty or the Apple Care that covers your MacBook .	warranty	neutral
Sadly it 's almost twice the price , but it 's the only other alternative that has decent reviews.- Replacing your own RAM does NOT void the warranty or the Apple Care that covers your MacBook .	Apple Care	neutral
It is not the headphones because they sound great with my phone , so maybe I got a bad one or maybe this brand does n't deliver quality signal and sound .	headphones	neutral
It is not the headphones because they sound great with my phone , so maybe I got a bad one or maybe this brand does n't deliver quality signal and sound .	signal	neutral
It is not the headphones because they sound great with my phone , so maybe I got a bad one or maybe this brand does n't deliver quality signal and sound .	sound	neutral
This one has plenty of padding to protect the unit and keep the screen from getting scratched .	screen	neutral
I tried to install the adapter into my USB hub but my hub did not have enough power to run it .	adapter	neutral
I tried to install the adapter into my USB hub but my hub did not have enough power to run it .	USB hub	neutral
Online tech support is incredible !	Online tech support	neutral
This has been my first experience with a screen protector ..	screen protector	neutral
The little card says " Protect headphone jack from liquids " .	headphone jack	neutral
Obviously , there are audio driver issues that should have been defined in the product description .	audio driver	neutral
The service on this item was outstanding .	service	neutral
He tells me it works fine too .	works	neutral
The unit is strong and the connection to male USB is very positive and reassuring .	connection to male USB	neutral
Under heavy use ( watching 1080p videos on youtube , installing all my applications , updating the laptop , running a virus scan , playing video games , etc . )	applications	neutral
Under heavy use ( watching 1080p videos on youtube , installing all my applications , updating the laptop , running a virus scan , playing video games , etc . )	virus scan	neutral
It 's the perfect size for a full frame camera griped a couple of lenses a flash and some small items as well .	size	neutral
This bag is so spacious and full of pockets , you may want one even if you do n't carry a laptop .	pockets	neutral
There are also indentations to hold the thumb and pinky , which stop them from just hanging .	thumb	neutral
The laptop compartment is excellent for a reflector .	laptop compartment	neutral
I was amazed again at the level of quality this had .	quality	neutral
Setup was easy .	Setup	neutral
If the setup did n't require the technical ability I would have given the Catcher five stars .	setup	neutral
If the setup did n't require the technical ability I would have given the Catcher five stars .	technical	neutral
Sometimes running a live wallpaper can make the honeycomb desktop user interface run a little choppy , but it is n't that bad .	honeycomb desktop user interface	neutral
The sound outputs seem to work fine , but the mic input is a waste of space and money .	sound outputs	neutral
The sound outputs seem to work fine , but the mic input is a waste of space and money .	mic input	neutral
Wifi adapter amazing .	Wifi adapter	neutral
You can NOT beat the price for this quality .	price	neutral
You can NOT beat the price for this quality .	quality	neutral
so I can keep the keys clean .	keys	neutral
and it 's still handling the " next gen " games like a champ .	games	neutral
There are many other reasons to go with the Compaq ( big noticeable difference in speed , more memory , all for the same price ) , but those were the two biggest things I personally enjoy about the Compaq	speed	neutral
There are many other reasons to go with the Compaq ( big noticeable difference in speed , more memory , all for the same price ) , but those were the two biggest things I personally enjoy about the Compaq	memory	neutral
There are many other reasons to go with the Compaq ( big noticeable difference in speed , more memory , all for the same price ) , but those were the two biggest things I personally enjoy about the Compaq	price	neutral
I think I 've finally found my dream mouse .	mouse	neutral
This adapter works well for the purpose that I purchased it .	adapter	neutral
2 months since the problems started ... the battery is now dead .	battery	neutral
95 plus shipping .	shipping	neutral
One other complaint is that it is very simple to accidentally turn off the mouse if you are not careful .	mouse	neutral
Forget about whole disk backups unless you have an older smaller OS like Win XP .	disk backups	neutral
Forget about whole disk backups unless you have an older smaller OS like Win XP .	OS	neutral
Forget about whole disk backups unless you have an older smaller OS like Win XP .	Win XP	neutral
The 4 gb RAM again is almost overkill for what the typical consumer use demands .	4 gb RAM	neutral
Looks like a very durable quality , just like factory .	quality	neutral
Between the speakers and the audio enhancement software , the sound is excellent .	speakers	neutral
Between the speakers and the audio enhancement software , the sound is excellent .	audio enhancement software	neutral
Between the speakers and the audio enhancement software , the sound is excellent .	sound	neutral
so you need to open it and remove the battery and place it again .	battery	neutral
So you ca n't charge more than a single device in the hub at a time .	charge	neutral
So you ca n't charge more than a single device in the hub at a time .	hub	neutral
This one will boost your music listening and gaming experience for little more than the price of a set of earbuds .	gaming	neutral
This one will boost your music listening and gaming experience for little more than the price of a set of earbuds .	price	neutral
The fit of the cover is great , but I have trouble with the Ctrl button in the bottom left corner .	cover	neutral
The fit of the cover is great , but I have trouble with the Ctrl button in the bottom left corner .	Ctrl button	neutral
The one downside in my opinion is the lack of an OS install CD	OS install CD	neutral
I ran the database management system like MySQL with pretty decent size data and did not notice any speed degradation compared with the octa - core Xeon CPU desktop I use at work .	database management system	neutral
I ran the database management system like MySQL with pretty decent size data and did not notice any speed degradation compared with the octa - core Xeon CPU desktop I use at work .	speed	neutral
I ran the database management system like MySQL with pretty decent size data and did not notice any speed degradation compared with the octa - core Xeon CPU desktop I use at work .	octa - core Xeon CPU	neutral
Just so you know , I charged the battery out of the box for over 18 hours and I ran the battery down on every cycle for 4 weeks .	battery	neutral
Just so you know , I charged the battery out of the box for over 18 hours and I ran the battery down on every cycle for 4 weeks .	battery	neutral
No matter what the CPU speed is the bottleneck with most laptops is the slow hard drive , but here is how you can make it faster by switching to SSD :	CPU speed	neutral
No matter what the CPU speed is the bottleneck with most laptops is the slow hard drive , but here is how you can make it faster by switching to SSD :	hard drive	neutral
No matter what the CPU speed is the bottleneck with most laptops is the slow hard drive , but here is how you can make it faster by switching to SSD :	SSD	neutral
My one complaint is it does n't have a magnet to hold the cover shut .	magnet	neutral
My one complaint is it does n't have a magnet to hold the cover shut .	cover	neutral
The portability is awesome .	portability	neutral
The only negative point is that the adapter does n't have the rubber strip to hold the cable	adapter	neutral
The only negative point is that the adapter does n't have the rubber strip to hold the cable	rubber strip	neutral
The only negative point is that the adapter does n't have the rubber strip to hold the cable	cable	neutral
This power adapter was just the thing I needed after the Apple adapter fizzled out -- the cord frayed and the connection was loose .	power adapter	neutral
This power adapter was just the thing I needed after the Apple adapter fizzled out -- the cord frayed and the connection was loose .	cord	neutral
This power adapter was just the thing I needed after the Apple adapter fizzled out -- the cord frayed and the connection was loose .	connection	neutral
Of course the receiver is only as good as the reception in the area you are using it in .	receiver	neutral
Of course the receiver is only as good as the reception in the area you are using it in .	reception	neutral
What genius spec'd these fans ? !	fans	neutral
, you 'll want to use said software to mark devices as " trusted " , so they 'll auto - connect on launch.)It 's great how small this is .	software	neutral
At first I was skeptical because of the low price , but I read the reviews and since they were mostly positive I decided to give it try .	price	neutral
Turns out while the SDHC card looks the same as an SD card it 's technically very different .	SDHC card	neutral
Turns out while the SDHC card looks the same as an SD card it 's technically very different .	SD card	neutral
Bluetooth/ DVI multi - display are plus .	Bluetooth/	neutral
Bluetooth/ DVI multi - display are plus .	DVI multi - display	neutral
Cons : no plug , buttons would be better placed on the top .	plug	neutral
Cons : no plug , buttons would be better placed on the top .	buttons	neutral
these cloths pick it up like it 's nothing .	cloths	neutral
At this price I figured it could not hurt .	price	neutral
Use an external desktop microphone .	external desktop microphone	neutral
The computer was in office environment and rarely left docking station .	docking station	neutral
This drive 's cap tightly fits onto the other end of the stick if the drive is not on a leash or keyring .	drive	neutral
This drive 's cap tightly fits onto the other end of the stick if the drive is not on a leash or keyring .	cap	neutral
This drive 's cap tightly fits onto the other end of the stick if the drive is not on a leash or keyring .	drive	neutral
Wo n't use the suction cup .	suction cup	neutral
The good : The sound quality is considerably better than what you 'd get with a typical dongle - style USB sound card .	sound quality	neutral
The good : The sound quality is considerably better than what you 'd get with a typical dongle - style USB sound card .	dongle	neutral
The good : The sound quality is considerably better than what you 'd get with a typical dongle - style USB sound card .	USB sound card	neutral
Tech people told me my laptop was useless but hated my new laptop so decided to give it a try .	Tech people	neutral
I did have a question about uninstalling internal LAN card in computer that usually gave me fair connection to my router .	internal LAN card	neutral
I have pretty much maxed out the capacity of the bag , but I would n't want to carry a bigger or heavier bag every day either .	capacity	neutral
You ca n't get a much cheaper card in this size or quality .	card	neutral
You ca n't get a much cheaper card in this size or quality .	size	neutral
You ca n't get a much cheaper card in this size or quality .	quality	neutral
Cheap components .	components	neutral
For basic home or office use , and most gaming , this processor will serve you very well .	gaming	neutral
For basic home or office use , and most gaming , this processor will serve you very well .	processor	neutral
the software is so limited it only restores one file at a time	software	neutral
Rubber pads on the body of the unit lineup perfectly with the feet on my notebook and there is absolutely no slipping or sliding around .	Rubber pads	neutral
Rubber pads on the body of the unit lineup perfectly with the feet on my notebook and there is absolutely no slipping or sliding around .	feet	neutral
The construction of the cable is good , of similar quality to the one it replaced .	construction	neutral
The construction of the cable is good , of similar quality to the one it replaced .	cable	neutral
We then installed the Actiontec Wireless Network Adapter on his computer	Actiontec Wireless Network Adapter	neutral
but I can not download software .	software	neutral
The DVD drive reads and burns CDs and DVDs effortlessy .	DVD drive	neutral
First issue , which is a major one , is the WiFi ... it likes to drop connection every few minutes from my home network .	WiFi	neutral
I think Slingmedia has a long career ahead of them .	Slingmedia	neutral
empty).The other 750 GB 7200 RPM HDD from the 15 " laptop was put to use in anineo	750 GB	neutral
empty).The other 750 GB 7200 RPM HDD from the 15 " laptop was put to use in anineo	7200 RPM HDD	neutral
But hard drives go bad .	hard drives	neutral
Selected this model because of the slightly bigger hard drive 640 , USB 3 ports and still has a dvd read / write drive .	hard drive 640	neutral
Selected this model because of the slightly bigger hard drive 640 , USB 3 ports and still has a dvd read / write drive .	USB 3 ports	neutral
Selected this model because of the slightly bigger hard drive 640 , USB 3 ports and still has a dvd read / write drive .	dvd read / write drive	neutral
Usually hard disk enclosures are bulky and does n't have a good design .	hard disk enclosures	neutral
Usually hard disk enclosures are bulky and does n't have a good design .	design	neutral
I did fix it by putting in an oversized screw .	screw	neutral
No issues at all , very easy to install and sold laptop so do n't know how its working now .	install	neutral
I use it for word processing ( I loaded office XP	word processing	neutral
I use it for word processing ( I loaded office XP	office XP	neutral
The connectors are of premium material , the length is convenient and the cable is of good flexible quality .	connectors	neutral
The connectors are of premium material , the length is convenient and the cable is of good flexible quality .	length	neutral
The connectors are of premium material , the length is convenient and the cable is of good flexible quality .	cable	neutral
Frankly I 'm quite amazed that such a long lasting battery costs so little .	battery	neutral
I was running the notebook on a desk , so blocked ventillation ports were not the issue .	ventillation ports	neutral
UV Glass Filter ,	UV Glass Filter	neutral
It is rather heavy , especially compared to other keyboards such as the Logitech ultra - thin , but arguably these keyboards do n't have cases .	keyboards	neutral
It is rather heavy , especially compared to other keyboards such as the Logitech ultra - thin , but arguably these keyboards do n't have cases .	keyboards	neutral
You get choppy frames when watching a movie on Netflix - even a black - and - white non - HD one .	frames	neutral
For the price I paid , it 's a bargain for an N router .	price	neutral
well made bag , as i would expect from Lowepro bags*We thought out design features , with a place for most all of the camera gear I want to carry.*Pockets	design features	neutral
But all of them set wrong expectation and paying some price now .	price	neutral
The unit itself works well but the software and maps are way out of date .	software	neutral
The unit itself works well but the software and maps are way out of date .	maps	neutral
I had to buy an Asus power adapter because and despite all of the comments stating that any matching voltage / amperage base will work , they do n't .	voltage	neutral
I had to buy an Asus power adapter because and despite all of the comments stating that any matching voltage / amperage base will work , they do n't .	amperage base	neutral
Downside is that the angle ca n't be adjusted .	angle	neutral
Got the Sandisk Extreme and it is excellent .	Sandisk Extreme	neutral
Also the battery life has been pretty good to me - about 5 hours of constant use to go from 100 % to a dead battery .	battery life	neutral
Also the battery life has been pretty good to me - about 5 hours of constant use to go from 100 % to a dead battery .	battery	neutral
I can hear better from the speaker on my phone .	speaker	neutral
I 'm using an R9 290x to drive these , although I 'm pretty sure that if you cut gaming you could get by with much less GPU power .	gaming	neutral
I 'm using an R9 290x to drive these , although I 'm pretty sure that if you cut gaming you could get by with much less GPU power .	GPU power	neutral
I started moving gigabytes worth of image and video files over a 4 - 5 day period to one of the drives .	drives	neutral
It produces high quality DVDs and Blu - Ray discs , and it outputs HD directly to my 1080p HD television through component and HDMI connections ( the camera only outputs and records up to 1080i though ) .	HD	neutral
It produces high quality DVDs and Blu - Ray discs , and it outputs HD directly to my 1080p HD television through component and HDMI connections ( the camera only outputs and records up to 1080i though ) .	HDMI	neutral
It produces high quality DVDs and Blu - Ray discs , and it outputs HD directly to my 1080p HD television through component and HDMI connections ( the camera only outputs and records up to 1080i though ) .	camera	neutral
I do n't much care for the glossy screen because of glare that can appear in certain lighting conditions , but it does look good and many people swear these are better than matte screens .	screens	neutral
I use mine upside down - 15 inch MBP on the 17 inch side - because it protects any USB devices plugged into the sides .	USB devices	neutral
Batteries vs. USB : I tend to favor this as I only have my pad to draw from and it 's one less charger and or cable,(USB ) that I need to keep track of !	Batteries	neutral
Batteries vs. USB : I tend to favor this as I only have my pad to draw from and it 's one less charger and or cable,(USB ) that I need to keep track of !	USB	neutral
Batteries vs. USB : I tend to favor this as I only have my pad to draw from and it 's one less charger and or cable,(USB ) that I need to keep track of !	pad	neutral
Batteries vs. USB : I tend to favor this as I only have my pad to draw from and it 's one less charger and or cable,(USB ) that I need to keep track of !	charger	neutral
Batteries vs. USB : I tend to favor this as I only have my pad to draw from and it 's one less charger and or cable,(USB ) that I need to keep track of !	cable,(USB	neutral
It is true the outlet cord is short but do try to find a place for it because it will last if it 's not moved a lot .	outlet cord	neutral
The buttons are all laid out cleverly , and ergonomically , and I have yet to accidentally hit any of the extra buttons , all of which are perfectly responsive .	buttons	neutral
The buttons are all laid out cleverly , and ergonomically , and I have yet to accidentally hit any of the extra buttons , all of which are perfectly responsive .	buttons	neutral
So I saw this docking station and thought it 'd be worth giving a try .	docking station	neutral
Setup was faster	Setup	neutral
Streaming video or thumb drive video works fine .	Streaming video	neutral
Streaming video or thumb drive video works fine .	thumb drive video	neutral
With maybe 1 cm to spare between the Mackbook and zipper .	zipper	neutral
To think that I carried a 64Kb ( that 's the optional additional memory ) computer that then was state of the art compared to a 320Gb monster that uses some of the best technology available .	memory	neutral
To think that I carried a 64Kb ( that 's the optional additional memory ) computer that then was state of the art compared to a 320Gb monster that uses some of the best technology available .	320Gb monster	neutral
To think that I carried a 64Kb ( that 's the optional additional memory ) computer that then was state of the art compared to a 320Gb monster that uses some of the best technology available .	technology	neutral
I was browsing the internet , so I was n't using the keyboard actively for a fair chunk of time ... maybe 10 minutes or so ?	keyboard	neutral
I loved the idea and the features .	features	neutral
I wish the blue lights were not so bright ( it lights the room at night , but a piece of cardboard will fix that ) .	blue lights	neutral
If you are planned to use it for heavy load of work , you should n't use this case because it 's going to heat up really easily .	case	neutral
I 'm out whatever the cost was , and have a junk battery for my trouble .	battery	neutral
The subwoofer could be louder , but I have a bass booster plus another subwoofer so its sounds very nice .	subwoofer	neutral
The subwoofer could be louder , but I have a bass booster plus another subwoofer so its sounds very nice .	bass booster	neutral
The subwoofer could be louder , but I have a bass booster plus another subwoofer so its sounds very nice .	subwoofer	neutral
I got the M505 in black and to my surprise it matches with the keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
The right side has a door that covers the memory slot and the headphone jack .	memory slot	neutral
The right side has a door that covers the memory slot and the headphone jack .	headphone jack	neutral
In particular , it was jittery enough that watching TV was painful .	watching	neutral
This is a great concept but the quality of the manufacture is not what heavy users need .	quality	neutral
This uses a unique octagonal connector which is a royal pain because no one else really uses this shape .	octagonal connector	neutral
Con:- Does not include a bag like theRAVPower	bag	neutral
It also has an audio jack , SD memory card reader , a Kensington security slot , a LAN port , and a VGA and HDMI port .	audio jack	neutral
It also has an audio jack , SD memory card reader , a Kensington security slot , a LAN port , and a VGA and HDMI port .	SD memory card reader	neutral
It also has an audio jack , SD memory card reader , a Kensington security slot , a LAN port , and a VGA and HDMI port .	Kensington security slot	neutral
It also has an audio jack , SD memory card reader , a Kensington security slot , a LAN port , and a VGA and HDMI port .	LAN port	neutral
It also has an audio jack , SD memory card reader , a Kensington security slot , a LAN port , and a VGA and HDMI port .	VGA	neutral
It also has an audio jack , SD memory card reader , a Kensington security slot , a LAN port , and a VGA and HDMI port .	HDMI port	neutral
he had his motherboard replaced .	motherboard	neutral
The one pictured on Amazon does not show the sleeve so it may or may not have it ( although one reviewer claims that it does ) .	sleeve	neutral
The grip pads hold the laptop in place , and make it a lot more comfortable to use on my lap as well .	grip pads	neutral
The Vaio is less than 8 " deep whereas the case is at least 9 " deep .	case	neutral
I wanted a webcam with built in mic with superior video for Skype .	webcam	neutral
I was really bored with Windows 7 and wanted something new , but I could n't justify spending thousands of dollars for a laptop with specs I could never upgrade in the future , and having to repurchase software I have that can only run on Windows .	Windows 7	neutral
I was really bored with Windows 7 and wanted something new , but I could n't justify spending thousands of dollars for a laptop with specs I could never upgrade in the future , and having to repurchase software I have that can only run on Windows .	specs	neutral
I was really bored with Windows 7 and wanted something new , but I could n't justify spending thousands of dollars for a laptop with specs I could never upgrade in the future , and having to repurchase software I have that can only run on Windows .	software	neutral
I was really bored with Windows 7 and wanted something new , but I could n't justify spending thousands of dollars for a laptop with specs I could never upgrade in the future , and having to repurchase software I have that can only run on Windows .	Windows	neutral
I purchased this adapter	adapter	neutral
For choosing this I had considered a product which had multiple connectivity options as I had a Yamaha receiver .	connectivity	neutral
For choosing this I had considered a product which had multiple connectivity options as I had a Yamaha receiver .	Yamaha receiver	neutral
I bought this to replace the charger that stopped working previously , and it has worked fabulously since I received it .	charger	neutral
It is like listening to a FM station that has poor reception .	reception	neutral
Just glad that it came with minimal bloatware .	bloatware	neutral
That is indicative of less cushioning than they should have .	cushioning	neutral
I would recommend this to anyone looking for a backpack case at a reasonable price .	price	neutral
I wish it came with more RAM , but that is an easy update .	RAM	neutral
I would give these 5 stars if performance were my only criteria , but I work a 10-hour day and comfort is also a consideration .	performance	neutral
I would give these 5 stars if performance were my only criteria , but I work a 10-hour day and comfort is also a consideration .	comfort	neutral
so it 's clear Google is still tweaking Honeycomb .	Honeycomb	neutral
Battery works great in my Windows 7 machine .	Battery	neutral
There is plenty of space inside and a lot of pockets for pens , mp3player , cell phone , etc .	mp3player	neutral
If it would have cost more than that I think I would however packaged it back up and would have sent it back .	cost	neutral
I purchased this mouse to replace one at work .	mouse	neutral
I 've been running this for at least 3 hours now , and am typing in battery mode .	battery	neutral
Using Reaper DAW and everything is working fine .	Reaper DAW	neutral
The back air vent is really kind of a " doh !	back air vent	neutral
You have to click the button on the USB key again and	USB key	neutral
The mouse has quick re - spawns overall .	mouse	neutral
Not only did the adapter picked up less bars but it would not pick up all the access points that it orginally did .	adapter	neutral
often the plug drops behind the dresser .	plug	neutral
I have a number of similar products to which I am comparing these because sound wise they are amazing .	sound	neutral
Downside is the power brick is clunky and clumsy , upside is the cord is much longer than the original power supply .	power brick	neutral
Downside is the power brick is clunky and clumsy , upside is the cord is much longer than the original power supply .	cord	neutral
Downside is the power brick is clunky and clumsy , upside is the cord is much longer than the original power supply .	power supply	neutral
The captions are presented in a goofy manner as well ; there 's too much kerning ( letters are too far apart ) within words .	captions	neutral
The battery has worked flawlessly for six weeks .	battery	neutral
The modules passed memtest with no problems	modules	neutral
I had no problem connecting my mouse to the HUB , or a USB 3 . 0	mouse	neutral
I had no problem connecting my mouse to the HUB , or a USB 3 . 0	HUB	neutral
I had no problem connecting my mouse to the HUB , or a USB 3 . 0	USB 3 . 0	neutral
This product was the least expensive option , but the quality was very good .	quality	neutral
Nice neoprene overstuffable zippered pouch on front is great for cables , charger , etc . , even a pocket inside the pouch for a flash drive .	charger	neutral
Nice neoprene overstuffable zippered pouch on front is great for cables , charger , etc . , even a pocket inside the pouch for a flash drive .	flash drive	neutral
USB port=500mA , this charger probably gives 200 to 300 mA.	USB port=500mA	neutral
USB port=500mA , this charger probably gives 200 to 300 mA.	charger	neutral
I did n't know much of what to expect from Windows 7 , and while this is n't a Windows 7 review , it works smoothly on this machine .	Windows 7	neutral
I did n't know much of what to expect from Windows 7 , and while this is n't a Windows 7 review , it works smoothly on this machine .	Windows 7	neutral
However , it is nice to know the brightness is there , when needed .	brightness	neutral
if your laptop or desktop got a hdmi plug - in and your monitor got a dvi connector , then this adapter cable is definitely for you .	hdmi plug - in	neutral
if your laptop or desktop got a hdmi plug - in and your monitor got a dvi connector , then this adapter cable is definitely for you .	dvi connector	neutral
if your laptop or desktop got a hdmi plug - in and your monitor got a dvi connector , then this adapter cable is definitely for you .	adapter cable	neutral
The only thing , like the other reviewers wrote , is the only power switch is on the back of the sub and not on the satellites .	power switch	neutral
btw , you may need to upgrade the driver ( I needed an HPIJS driver for my multi - function HP d145 ) ; the original driver did n't even install from the cd	driver	neutral
btw , you may need to upgrade the driver ( I needed an HPIJS driver for my multi - function HP d145 ) ; the original driver did n't even install from the cd	driver	neutral
I use these to carry cables , mouse , etc .	cables	neutral
I use these to carry cables , mouse , etc .	mouse	neutral
Heavily used Laptops that are on all the time should use a cooler running drive ( slower rotational speeds ) .	running drive	neutral
Heavily used Laptops that are on all the time should use a cooler running drive ( slower rotational speeds ) .	rotational speeds	neutral
I was worried about the connections .	connections	neutral
It may look the same , fit the same , but it may not have the power to run the machine .	power	neutral
It 's too bad that the case is n't selling for a penny more	case	neutral
I was able to fit in extra batteries , chargers , mounts , small attachments etc .	batteries	neutral
I was able to fit in extra batteries , chargers , mounts , small attachments etc .	chargers	neutral
I was able to fit in extra batteries , chargers , mounts , small attachments etc .	mounts	neutral
I was n't really sure if it was the wireless signal or the computer , but figured at just $ 20	wireless signal	neutral
What I also have is a small fan behind it driving more air into the & # 34;intake&#34 ; of the back .	fan	neutral
I really enjoyed the extra long charge compared to the stock battery on an e1505 .	charge	neutral
I really enjoyed the extra long charge compared to the stock battery on an e1505 .	battery	neutral
The addition of the keyboard cover makes it a great deal , though you ca n't see the Caps Lock light through it .	keyboard cover	neutral
The addition of the keyboard cover makes it a great deal , though you ca n't see the Caps Lock light through it .	Caps Lock light	neutral
Connects with all my bluetooth products including my jambox and sound bar .	bluetooth	neutral
Connects with all my bluetooth products including my jambox and sound bar .	sound bar	neutral
I then checked the User Manual , page 56 , and sure enough it says " The caption feature does n't work in Component , HDMI or PC modes .	User Manual	neutral
I then checked the User Manual , page 56 , and sure enough it says " The caption feature does n't work in Component , HDMI or PC modes .	caption feature	neutral
: ) Still great for the price !	price	neutral
It has decent battery life , is not too heavy , and performance is rather better than Atom based netbooks I 've used .	battery life	neutral
It has decent battery life , is not too heavy , and performance is rather better than Atom based netbooks I 've used .	performance	neutral
i like the texture on this case	texture	neutral
The battery life is pretty terrible , but this is essentially a desktop replacement so you would n't be moving it around much anyway .	battery life	neutral
Marvelous clarity and tack - sharp .	clarity	neutral
The adjustable focus is a plus , but image resolution is nothing to write home about .	adjustable focus	neutral
The adjustable focus is a plus , but image resolution is nothing to write home about .	image resolution	neutral
Works well and my daughter has not complained about it while playing League .	Works	neutral
It was a bit more expensive than buying 2x 2 GB DIMMs , but this configuration gives me the option to add another 2 GB in the future if needed .	configuration	neutral
plus , it looks sweet with the red trim .	trim	neutral
I booted up in safe mode and I got it working by replacing the old version of Intel Rapid Storage Technology .	Intel Rapid Storage Technology	neutral
This bag is just the right size for my camera , a couple of lenses , a couple of flashes , some filters , and all the manuals .	size	neutral
This laptop is perfectly functional and I found out that it would cost around $ 30 to buy the replacement fan for this specific model .	fan	neutral
Still a nice device , it helps the aesthetic quite a bit , but does n't do much to save space . if you have a full family , I suggest getting the 10 port .	aesthetic	neutral
Still a nice device , it helps the aesthetic quite a bit , but does n't do much to save space . if you have a full family , I suggest getting the 10 port .	10 port	neutral
The " insert " and " delete ' key strokes have been combined so you get a " ctrl - alt - delete " instead .	insert "	neutral
The " insert " and " delete ' key strokes have been combined so you get a " ctrl - alt - delete " instead .	delete	neutral
The " insert " and " delete ' key strokes have been combined so you get a " ctrl - alt - delete " instead .	delete	neutral
Still I get 5 hours ( not gaming ) because the GPU is disabled and it uses the on board graphics of the i7 .	gaming	neutral
Still I get 5 hours ( not gaming ) because the GPU is disabled and it uses the on board graphics of the i7 .	GPU	neutral
Still I get 5 hours ( not gaming ) because the GPU is disabled and it uses the on board graphics of the i7 .	on board graphics	neutral
The battery lasts	battery	neutral
As I said , the 2nd OTG adapter I bought from the other Amazon seller " Warm Mart " still has not arrived from Hong Kong .	OTG adapter	neutral
an upgrade from my old thinkpad in every respect , though I think I prefer the screen dimensions of my old one .	screen dimensions	neutral
Wireless Dual - Band Mini USB Adapter is very easy to install with the help of the CD Quick Installation Guide , Setup Wizard , and instruction manual .	Wireless Dual - Band Mini USB Adapter	neutral
Wireless Dual - Band Mini USB Adapter is very easy to install with the help of the CD Quick Installation Guide , Setup Wizard , and instruction manual .	Setup Wizard	neutral
Maybe the expert Bike messengers of NYC do n't have this problem , but I could see this strap flailing about and snagging onto a vehicle or other object , and dragging the user onto the road .	strap	neutral
so I could play PC games on my TV without having to run a cable .	games	neutral
Build quality is excellent , the only exception is chintzy touchpad buttons , but it is certainly not a deal breaker .	Build quality	neutral
Build quality is excellent , the only exception is chintzy touchpad buttons , but it is certainly not a deal breaker .	touchpad buttons	neutral
My major worry was that the new drive would be audible , but I quite honestly ca n't even hear it even when I put my ear to the PS4 .	drive	neutral
Dell inspiron Z especially with these specs for the price of $ 600	specs	neutral
Dell inspiron Z especially with these specs for the price of $ 600	price	neutral
The whole reason I bought this fan is because I had to replace a busted internal fan on a laptop once and did n't want to do that again .	fan	neutral
The whole reason I bought this fan is because I had to replace a busted internal fan on a laptop once and did n't want to do that again .	internal fan	neutral
The bass is okay	bass	neutral
I 'd also suggest using an external keyboard / mouse when possible , but the trackpad is surprisingly usable - just not for programming .	external keyboard	neutral
I 'd also suggest using an external keyboard / mouse when possible , but the trackpad is surprisingly usable - just not for programming .	trackpad	neutral
It is made of high quality material and zippers work really well .	material	neutral
It is made of high quality material and zippers work really well .	zippers	neutral
Now , when it comes to browsing and word processing with the exception of a few applications , you are limited to Google 's applications .	browsing	neutral
Now , when it comes to browsing and word processing with the exception of a few applications , you are limited to Google 's applications .	word processing	neutral
Now , when it comes to browsing and word processing with the exception of a few applications , you are limited to Google 's applications .	applications	neutral
Now , when it comes to browsing and word processing with the exception of a few applications , you are limited to Google 's applications .	applications	neutral
It is nice to have wifi , though when I used it sometimes it was sporadic ( this could just be an issue with my university 's wifi ) .	wifi	neutral
Plug and Display " text at the bottom , and on the front is a Blue LED for power and Green LED for USB connection .	power	neutral
Plug and Display " text at the bottom , and on the front is a Blue LED for power and Green LED for USB connection .	USB connection	neutral
So , I switched it out with my old , beefy wireless Logitec keyboard and mouse .	keyboard and	neutral
So , I switched it out with my old , beefy wireless Logitec keyboard and mouse .	mouse	neutral
I tried to use a universal adapter , but unfortunately the voltage and current requirements for the iM7 are so high that the universal adapter overheats after 1 hour of use .	universal adapter	neutral
I tried to use a universal adapter , but unfortunately the voltage and current requirements for the iM7 are so high that the universal adapter overheats after 1 hour of use .	voltage	neutral
I tried to use a universal adapter , but unfortunately the voltage and current requirements for the iM7 are so high that the universal adapter overheats after 1 hour of use .	universal adapter	neutral
Just generic bluetooth radio in devices .	bluetooth radio	neutral
I wish the user interface had more information .	user interface	neutral
I also wish they allowed one to purchase a sleeveless drive , so the user can recycle old sleeves when upgrading a drive or purchasing extra sleeves .	sleeveless drive	neutral
This replacement battery works as expected .	battery	neutral
I tried another blue tooth keyboard and had to send it back .	blue tooth keyboard	neutral
However if you are free of possible crushing situations this is a really nice , sleek and classy laptop case .	case	neutral
excellent addition for anyone who has a laptop and mouse and needs a mouse pad and to keep the computer cool . great price too !	mouse	neutral
excellent addition for anyone who has a laptop and mouse and needs a mouse pad and to keep the computer cool . great price too !	mouse pad	neutral
excellent addition for anyone who has a laptop and mouse and needs a mouse pad and to keep the computer cool . great price too !	price	neutral
special Intel equipment	Intel equipment	neutral
The iPad will slip in nicely , making the most of space so you can actually see your screen .	space	neutral
The iPad will slip in nicely , making the most of space so you can actually see your screen .	screen	neutral
There are no shortcuts to BT on an iPhone .	shortcuts	neutral
I even leave it on when I close my macbook pro lid and there is no gaps between keyboard and shell .	keyboard	neutral
I even leave it on when I close my macbook pro lid and there is no gaps between keyboard and shell .	shell	neutral
Total of 4 USB 2 . 0 ports functioned as follows:2 x USB 2 . 0 standard .	USB 2 . 0 ports	neutral
Total of 4 USB 2 . 0 ports functioned as follows:2 x USB 2 . 0 standard .	USB 2 . 0 standard	neutral
And I set mine to shut down when the lid is shut .	lid	neutral
I have gotten to the point where I trust New Trent to create a well - design and good - looking premium product and would recommend this without hesitation .	design	neutral
My computer has not crashed once since I started using the cooling pad , and my CoreTemp values are still consistently much lower than they were without the cooling pad .	cooling pad	neutral
My computer has not crashed once since I started using the cooling pad , and my CoreTemp values are still consistently much lower than they were without the cooling pad .	CoreTemp values	neutral
My computer has not crashed once since I started using the cooling pad , and my CoreTemp values are still consistently much lower than they were without the cooling pad .	cooling pad	neutral
Touching Screen with windows 8 is an interesting experiences .	Screen	neutral
Touching Screen with windows 8 is an interesting experiences .	windows 8	neutral
PORTSJust the right number .	PORTSJust	neutral
/rw that takes the mini discs and the regular sized discs .	mini discs	neutral
The Nabi 2 is essentially a rebadged Google Nexus 7 ( with a few hardware tweaks , like the HDMI out port ) but tailored for children and has almost identical hardware specs to the Nexus 7 , which is just dandy since the Nexus is a very versatile and fast tablet platform .	hardware	neutral
The Nabi 2 is essentially a rebadged Google Nexus 7 ( with a few hardware tweaks , like the HDMI out port ) but tailored for children and has almost identical hardware specs to the Nexus 7 , which is just dandy since the Nexus is a very versatile and fast tablet platform .	HDMI out port	neutral
The Nabi 2 is essentially a rebadged Google Nexus 7 ( with a few hardware tweaks , like the HDMI out port ) but tailored for children and has almost identical hardware specs to the Nexus 7 , which is just dandy since the Nexus is a very versatile and fast tablet platform .	hardware specs	neutral
and it takes another good 1 - 2 seconds for the keyboard to wake up again !	keyboard	neutral
The wifi is great and works like a charm .	wifi	neutral
There is a well documented issue with the " audio out " from the docking station .	docking station	neutral
A good one would be like putting a new kind of oil in your car .... one that says " more power and better mileage	power	neutral
Easy to install .	install	neutral
They were always gorgeous , which is what drew me towards them in the first place , but whether it be trackpad or keyboard problems , there was always something that put them at looks great functions meh .	trackpad	neutral
They were always gorgeous , which is what drew me towards them in the first place , but whether it be trackpad or keyboard problems , there was always something that put them at looks great functions meh .	keyboard	neutral
The screen size was just right , and performance was great .	screen size	neutral
The screen size was just right , and performance was great .	performance	neutral
Google needed to think this through much as Amazon did the Kindle with its " free " 3 G service .	3 G service	neutral
It runs Windows 7 slower than my almost decade old Thinkpad T42 , despite having twice the processing cores and twice the memory as the T42 .	Windows 7	neutral
It runs Windows 7 slower than my almost decade old Thinkpad T42 , despite having twice the processing cores and twice the memory as the T42 .	processing cores	neutral
It runs Windows 7 slower than my almost decade old Thinkpad T42 , despite having twice the processing cores and twice the memory as the T42 .	memory	neutral
This drive performance on HD Tach was equivalent to a RAID ( 0 ) :	drive performance	neutral
This drive performance on HD Tach was equivalent to a RAID ( 0 ) :	HD Tach	neutral
This drive performance on HD Tach was equivalent to a RAID ( 0 ) :	RAID	neutral
The DC power pin on the motherboard side has broken again and its at their facility waiting for a part before it can be repaired .	DC power pin	neutral
The DC power pin on the motherboard side has broken again and its at their facility waiting for a part before it can be repaired .	motherboard side	neutral
Then ... sound was an issue .	sound	neutral
The touchpad is bumpy and there 's a smooth area to the right that will work for one finger scrolling .	touchpad	neutral
The plug end - rather than collapsing to take less room - turns so that you can maneuver it in three different directions to make room for other devices to use the remaining wall socket .	plug end	neutral
The plug end - rather than collapsing to take less room - turns so that you can maneuver it in three different directions to make room for other devices to use the remaining wall socket .	wall socket	neutral
It was also at 102 % capacity for some reason .	capacity	neutral
I have n't had to use the protection plan yet but it seems easy enough to do if my device ever requires it .	protection plan	neutral
There 's a setting on the desktop that allows you to change the automatic updates feature to just letting you know that there are updates available .	automatic updates feature	neutral
1 Speakers which sound like they have a problem ...	Speakers	neutral
So , this Cooler Master notepal x2 has been running almost 1 . 5 years 99 % everyday and it still runs just like it had since I bought it .	runs	neutral
I purchased this adapter in order to use a small CF card as a boot drive for a small NAS system .	CF card	neutral
I purchased this adapter in order to use a small CF card as a boot drive for a small NAS system .	boot drive	neutral
I purchased this adapter in order to use a small CF card as a boot drive for a small NAS system .	NAS system	neutral
It has a fan on the unit for cooling but the fan is very quiet .	fan	neutral
It has a fan on the unit for cooling but the fan is very quiet .	cooling	neutral
It has a fan on the unit for cooling but the fan is very quiet .	fan	neutral
four years total for that one - time price , which includes free Skype , and it also installed the whole Suite to my Smartphone at no additional cost- awesome ! )	price	neutral
four years total for that one - time price , which includes free Skype , and it also installed the whole Suite to my Smartphone at no additional cost- awesome ! )	Skype	neutral
four years total for that one - time price , which includes free Skype , and it also installed the whole Suite to my Smartphone at no additional cost- awesome ! )	Suite	neutral
I could see the unknown device in my device manager , but the driver would not load automatically .	driver	neutral
It looks great and it has a lot of pockets for easy organization .	pockets	neutral
It looks great and it has a lot of pockets for easy organization .	organization	neutral
If it was a bit bigger , it would of been the perfect mouse for me .	mouse	neutral
yes , the first battery was DOA ... but dealing with this company 's customer service was fantastic .	battery	neutral
yes , the first battery was DOA ... but dealing with this company 's customer service was fantastic .	customer service	neutral
It was not a USB cable .	USB cable	neutral
I love the case .	case	neutral
It powers up my DVD , works well out of the box .	works	neutral
I have my backlight set at 3 ( out of 10 ) , standard mode leaves it at 8 .	backlight	neutral
I have my backlight set at 3 ( out of 10 ) , standard mode leaves it at 8 .	standard mode	neutral
THERE IS NO SECOND PORT in this unit , you just unplug the 512 and plug in the 2 gig .	PORT	neutral
Also is very confortable on long walkshas extra space ( not just for photo equipment ) .	space	neutral
I use the provided pocket to hold a USB cable and chargers , and would appreciate a pocket for airline boarding passes etc .	pocket	neutral
I use the provided pocket to hold a USB cable and chargers , and would appreciate a pocket for airline boarding passes etc .	USB cable	neutral
I would recommend this project , especially for the price .	price	neutral
I have high speed internet connected to the docking station and it works perfectly .	docking station	neutral
In some ways I do miss my neoprene bodyglove case I 've used for 12 " and 14 " laptops of the past .	neoprene	neutral
In some ways I do miss my neoprene bodyglove case I 've used for 12 " and 14 " laptops of the past .	bodyglove case	neutral
There is also a knob to control the fan speed .	fan speed	neutral
Adobe Photoshop Elements 11 or Adobe Premiere Elements 1 included ( very nice !	Adobe Photoshop Elements 11	neutral
Adobe Photoshop Elements 11 or Adobe Premiere Elements 1 included ( very nice !	Adobe Premiere Elements 1	neutral
For speakers or headset this produces an acceptable sound .	speakers	neutral
For speakers or headset this produces an acceptable sound .	sound	neutral
button , rather you have to scan .	button	neutral
Ca n't beat the price of $ .01 and $ 2 .	price	neutral
The internal mouse works fine , but I 'm not a big fan of those things ...	internal mouse	neutral
trackpad is somewhat unusable , it 's hard to do tasks quick with it .	trackpad	neutral
I have used it with Mint ( Ubuntu derivative ) and Angstrom Linux .	Mint	neutral
I have used it with Mint ( Ubuntu derivative ) and Angstrom Linux .	Ubuntu derivative	neutral
The portable HD route is a far better system .	system	neutral
It serves my needs at a low cost .	cost	neutral
Set up was very easy .	Set up	neutral
It just takes a little time to figure out all the ways to replicate the mouse actions .	mouse actions	neutral
The fit is bit better on this one , but still not like a real Apple battery .	fit	neutral
The fit is bit better on this one , but still not like a real Apple battery .	battery	neutral
But just make sure you 're aware of the space capacity you 'll really be needing - it just is n't roomy enough to keep up with any cameras over 4MP .	space capacity	neutral
This thing has the same or better runtime , looks perfect and I trust Anker as a company .	runtime	neutral
Well , first off , if you 're getting a gameboard with a monstrous 20 + keys to press , some of them are just necessarily going to be further away than others .	gameboard	neutral
Well , first off , if you 're getting a gameboard with a monstrous 20 + keys to press , some of them are just necessarily going to be further away than others .	keys	neutral
I also would have liked a fingerprint reader .	fingerprint reader	neutral
Only drawback is that there is no place to fit a tripod .	tripod	neutral
The burst rate is excellent and is much better for capturing action than the aforementioned E - PL1 .	burst rate	neutral
Burning Rubber smell is gone after 2 months	Rubber smell	neutral
so I will give the adapter 4 stars .	adapter	neutral
The following is based on just a brief time playing with the machine : The screen is beautiful but not smudge proof since it 's glossy .	screen	neutral
Perfect stand .	stand	neutral
The other problem was the dvd and camera would be disabled with everyboot .	dvd and camera	neutral
That being said , the unit appears to work properly and the voltages are as stated	voltages	neutral
Surely it would not have added too much to the cost to add a battery as the extra weight and extend the usage time of the system .	cost	neutral
Surely it would not have added too much to the cost to add a battery as the extra weight and extend the usage time of the system .	battery	neutral
Surely it would not have added too much to the cost to add a battery as the extra weight and extend the usage time of the system .	usage time	neutral
Surely it would not have added too much to the cost to add a battery as the extra weight and extend the usage time of the system .	system	neutral
This provides better cooling and does n't block any other ports on the macbook .	cooling	neutral
This provides better cooling and does n't block any other ports on the macbook .	ports	neutral
Rugged materials and secure connections , no scratchy sound when moving around .	materials	neutral
Rugged materials and secure connections , no scratchy sound when moving around .	connections	neutral
Highs were good and that was about it .	Highs	neutral
It works great and holds a long charge .	works	neutral
It works great and holds a long charge .	charge	neutral
You can repeat the process to save videos and all of your contacts from your phone to the micro SD card .	micro SD card	neutral
With the software AudioWizard you are can to select a speech mode and when you add the hardware features included on this model I believe these benefits add up to increased voice accuracy .	software AudioWizard	neutral
With the software AudioWizard you are can to select a speech mode and when you add the hardware features included on this model I believe these benefits add up to increased voice accuracy .	hardware features	neutral
So I wo n't comment on that function .	function	neutral
I purchased the following keyboards to compare and decide on what I liked the best:1 .	keyboards	neutral
If you need more bass you might try the larger ( and newer ) ClarityHD Micro .	bass	neutral
If you need more bass you might try the larger ( and newer ) ClarityHD Micro .	ClarityHD Micro	neutral
Excellent daily use as a video game console , browsing the web , watching HDTV .	video game console	neutral
Excellent daily use as a video game console , browsing the web , watching HDTV .	browsing the web	neutral
I bought this netboook a few years back and its worked out great for what i needed , compact , long battery and decent memory .	battery	neutral
I bought this netboook a few years back and its worked out great for what i needed , compact , long battery and decent memory .	memory	neutral
I initially had a good impression of this mouse .	mouse	neutral
It also provides an ideal typing angle , great for college students , and looks fantastic ( I get a lot of compliments on campus ) .	typing angle	neutral
I noticed some other reviews saying that their battery was a lemon , too .	battery	neutral
Chrome OS 's approach is just awkward.-	Chrome OS	neutral
If you play games , browse the web heavily , socialize , webcam , and brightness all the way up , you 'd get most likely 3 - 4 hours only .	games	neutral
If you play games , browse the web heavily , socialize , webcam , and brightness all the way up , you 'd get most likely 3 - 4 hours only .	browse the web	neutral
If you play games , browse the web heavily , socialize , webcam , and brightness all the way up , you 'd get most likely 3 - 4 hours only .	webcam	neutral
If you play games , browse the web heavily , socialize , webcam , and brightness all the way up , you 'd get most likely 3 - 4 hours only .	brightness	neutral
The fit is perfect too .	fit	neutral
The Flip has very minimal controls and is meant to be controlled via the media source .	controls	neutral
I recieved this computer yesterday and I am impressed with it 's speed for the price .	speed	neutral
I recieved this computer yesterday and I am impressed with it 's speed for the price .	price	neutral
There is a clear seam that splits down the middle of the entire edge where the gray backing of the case is attached to the black plastic that holds the front glass face .	case	neutral
There is a clear seam that splits down the middle of the entire edge where the gray backing of the case is attached to the black plastic that holds the front glass face .	glass face	neutral
So it 's very important that you install that utility and create that partition .	utility	neutral
DVDs and Netflix streaming play beautifully on the bright detailed screen .	screen	neutral
( expandable to 16 GB ) GeForce GT	GeForce GT	neutral
This is obviously easier to use if staying stationary , but I 've found it 's light enough that I do n't carrying it with my laptop when going to meetings .	use	neutral
Apple 's Powerbook G4s and the MacBook and MacBook Pros ) really need this cooler .	cooler	neutral
All repairs were free under the warranty .	warranty	neutral
Not long ago , I was looking for one that would record a video feed from a USB device .	USB device	neutral
It is well worth the price hands down .	price	neutral
Its web setup interface is pretty easy to browse and has informative Help pages .	web setup interface	neutral
Its web setup interface is pretty easy to browse and has informative Help pages .	browse	neutral
Flash drive is definitely better and faster .	Flash drive	neutral
After getting tired of barely being able to hear music or videos from more than a couple feet away , I ordered the GE Portable USB - Powered Soundbar Speaker 98930 .	USB - Powered	neutral
After getting tired of barely being able to hear music or videos from more than a couple feet away , I ordered the GE Portable USB - Powered Soundbar Speaker 98930 .	Soundbar Speaker	neutral
This is simple , fairly priced through Amazon and works great , being powered through the usb port of your laptop .	usb port	neutral
When you do your Christmas shopping , you will have to memorize information from one window as you activate another window , instead of simply glancing at one that 's already open , as in Windows 7 .	Windows 7	neutral
Make sure your device has the right connector .	connector	neutral
It is true you will sometimes wish you had one more certain size elastic band here or there	elastic band	neutral
I get about 3 . 5 hours to 5 hours out of each charge - and I have the power settings on ' performance ' - which is as high as it gets - I imagine if I dialed it back to ' energy saving ' I could get more .	charge	neutral
I get about 3 . 5 hours to 5 hours out of each charge - and I have the power settings on ' performance ' - which is as high as it gets - I imagine if I dialed it back to ' energy saving ' I could get more .	performance	neutral
So , the fact that there is not any key bounce ( double or triple letters on a key stroke ) indicates a fairly well made keyboard in my experience .	key bounce	neutral
So , the fact that there is not any key bounce ( double or triple letters on a key stroke ) indicates a fairly well made keyboard in my experience .	keyboard	neutral
The cable that came with this replacement	cable	neutral
I do n't use it for gaming	gaming	neutral
Bluetooth is much slower than USB transfer speed .	Bluetooth	neutral
Bluetooth is much slower than USB transfer speed .	USB transfer speed	neutral
Handy because the cool pad does raise the computer up about 2 " .	cool pad	neutral
and I have given up on the software .	software	neutral
but I need portability and style .	portability	neutral
but I need portability and style .	style	neutral
Transferred this jumper to the designated pins on the NB drive and the system booted faultlessly .	system	neutral
I gave it 4 stars because it is not padded very well and if it is dropped you might damage your computer .	padded	neutral
The battery I received looks nothing like the picture and does not match the description .	battery	neutral
The battery I received looks nothing like the picture and does not match the description .	description	neutral
The output ranges from 15 to 24 volt , I do n't see a 70v anywhere on this unit .	output	neutral
Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speakeris quite a powerful speaker for the size with really great bass .	size	neutral
Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speakeris quite a powerful speaker for the size with really great bass .	bass	neutral
I 'm getting about 20 MB / sec through USB2 . 0 ; partly due to having 3 other USB items ( keyboard , mouse , and mic ) hooked up and the bandwidth is shared .	USB2 . 0	neutral
I 'm getting about 20 MB / sec through USB2 . 0 ; partly due to having 3 other USB items ( keyboard , mouse , and mic ) hooked up and the bandwidth is shared .	USB items	neutral
I 'm getting about 20 MB / sec through USB2 . 0 ; partly due to having 3 other USB items ( keyboard , mouse , and mic ) hooked up and the bandwidth is shared .	keyboard	neutral
I 'm getting about 20 MB / sec through USB2 . 0 ; partly due to having 3 other USB items ( keyboard , mouse , and mic ) hooked up and the bandwidth is shared .	mouse	neutral
I 'm getting about 20 MB / sec through USB2 . 0 ; partly due to having 3 other USB items ( keyboard , mouse , and mic ) hooked up and the bandwidth is shared .	mic	neutral
I 'm getting about 20 MB / sec through USB2 . 0 ; partly due to having 3 other USB items ( keyboard , mouse , and mic ) hooked up and the bandwidth is shared .	bandwidth	neutral
She does n't spend as much time on computer as I do , but she reports that she really likes how this lightweight , quiet pad " cools down " the computing she was experiencing while working with the notebook directly on her lap .	pad	neutral
The battery check has detected a failure .	battery check	neutral
The speakers are OK but by listening to them , I always get the feeling that these manufacturers force you to buy home theaters !	speakers	neutral
This was an emergancy quick fix for my daughter that needed internet access wireless quickly .	internet access	neutral
Look carefully at how the cable is plugged in - the socket is a zif socket - you have to pop it open , gently , no parts come off , it clicks and the cable releases , then you put the new cable in , and --- half the keys do n't work .	cable	neutral
Look carefully at how the cable is plugged in - the socket is a zif socket - you have to pop it open , gently , no parts come off , it clicks and the cable releases , then you put the new cable in , and --- half the keys do n't work .	socket	neutral
Look carefully at how the cable is plugged in - the socket is a zif socket - you have to pop it open , gently , no parts come off , it clicks and the cable releases , then you put the new cable in , and --- half the keys do n't work .	cable	neutral
Look carefully at how the cable is plugged in - the socket is a zif socket - you have to pop it open , gently , no parts come off , it clicks and the cable releases , then you put the new cable in , and --- half the keys do n't work .	cable	neutral
Look carefully at how the cable is plugged in - the socket is a zif socket - you have to pop it open , gently , no parts come off , it clicks and the cable releases , then you put the new cable in , and --- half the keys do n't work .	keys	neutral
Although not as important , packaging of this product was nice .	packaging	neutral
I can not say I was blown away , but it 's an okay camera for basic needs .	camera	neutral
I 'm very delighted with the capacity , quality and utility of the Targus bag .	capacity	neutral
I 'm very delighted with the capacity , quality and utility of the Targus bag .	utility	neutral
My MAC is better protected from scratches now , plus I like the grooves on the underside , as it allows for air flow .. there are little	grooves	neutral
I love the price , quality , and look .	price	neutral
I love the price , quality , and look .	quality	neutral
I love the price , quality , and look .	look	neutral
and I was able to update to the newest drivers right away .	drivers	neutral
This thing runs cool , quiet , goes about 6 hours on a charge and sells for dirt .	runs	neutral
This thing runs cool , quiet , goes about 6 hours on a charge and sells for dirt .	charge	neutral
and I believe it will connect with any blue tooth enabled device without fail .	blue tooth enabled	neutral
I 've played games from my PS3 through HDMI and from the PC and no ghosting with DEUS EX : HUMAN REVOLUTION .	games	neutral
I 've played games from my PS3 through HDMI and from the PC and no ghosting with DEUS EX : HUMAN REVOLUTION .	HDMI	neutral
--you can always attach another keyboard to the thing )	keyboard	neutral
It costs over 50 % less than an apple product .	costs	neutral
A very practical case , with just the right amount of compartments for storage and the perfect size .	compartments	neutral
A very practical case , with just the right amount of compartments for storage and the perfect size .	size	neutral
I plugged in the charger until it said charge complete , and then once i unplug it , the charge lasts about a minute .	charger	neutral
I plugged in the charger until it said charge complete , and then once i unplug it , the charge lasts about a minute .	charge complete	neutral
I plugged in the charger until it said charge complete , and then once i unplug it , the charge lasts about a minute .	charge	neutral
All in all , very fun to use , uber convenient , light , excellent screen resolution for a netbook , and a good deal of power for its class .	use	neutral
All in all , very fun to use , uber convenient , light , excellent screen resolution for a netbook , and a good deal of power for its class .	screen resolution	neutral
The speaker has a maximum audio output of 12 watts ( 6 watts each channel ) .	speaker	neutral
No clips were broken during the period of more than a month it has been installed .	clips	neutral
Windows is a bear compared to OS X. Mac app store and games are cool .	Windows	neutral
Windows is a bear compared to OS X. Mac app store and games are cool .	OS X.	neutral
Windows is a bear compared to OS X. Mac app store and games are cool .	games	neutral
I just positioned the USB fan at one end of the tube and still keeps it cool .	USB fan	neutral
Price - Under $ 20 for all this sucker does is amazing !	Price	neutral
.. i tried ( utilizing instructions on here by other users) .. to get it fired up .. nothing .. win 8	win 8	neutral
They come with a high quality nylon woven fabric insulation over the plastic , that provides better abrasion control , and gives them a very high quality appearance .	appearance	neutral
I have dual boot and had to enabled TRIM support in Mac by default it was turned off .	TRIM support	neutral
They noted that the Broadcom Crystal HD is ONLY capable of playing back 1080P	Broadcom Crystal HD	neutral
This drive has worked perfectly for me .	drive	neutral
, ( it is a home theater remote for windows 7 ) past that no complaints thus far	windows 7	neutral
Great quality .	quality	neutral
I want to stress the balanced part of the bass because some other headphones overdo the bass ( notably the Kraken pro series I owned before ) and you end up with an almost continuous & # 34;Wuaaagh&#34 ; garbled bass sound .	bass	neutral
I want to stress the balanced part of the bass because some other headphones overdo the bass ( notably the Kraken pro series I owned before ) and you end up with an almost continuous & # 34;Wuaaagh&#34 ; garbled bass sound .	bass	neutral
I want to stress the balanced part of the bass because some other headphones overdo the bass ( notably the Kraken pro series I owned before ) and you end up with an almost continuous & # 34;Wuaaagh&#34 ; garbled bass sound .	bass sound	neutral
Both are well designed , easy to use , and beautiful to look at .	designed	neutral
Both are well designed , easy to use , and beautiful to look at .	use	neutral
Both are well designed , easy to use , and beautiful to look at .	look	neutral
You can add multiple wifi - WAN profiles , and the router will automatically pick the strongest one it sees .	wifi - WAN profiles	neutral
works well over the internet !	works	neutral
Multitasks easily .	Multitasks	neutral
it 's still not a bad purchase but keep in mind that because of the durability issues you 'll most likely have to buy more than one .	durability	neutral
This product was easy to install and setup and has given me no problems and flawless connections .	install	neutral
This product was easy to install and setup and has given me no problems and flawless connections .	setup	neutral
This product was easy to install and setup and has given me no problems and flawless connections .	connections	neutral
Designed in black , the hub is very stylish , and the smaller pigtail keeps the adapter with in arms reach at all times , but also keeps the unit from blocking nearby USB ports on the computer .	hub	neutral
Designed in black , the hub is very stylish , and the smaller pigtail keeps the adapter with in arms reach at all times , but also keeps the unit from blocking nearby USB ports on the computer .	pigtail	neutral
Designed in black , the hub is very stylish , and the smaller pigtail keeps the adapter with in arms reach at all times , but also keeps the unit from blocking nearby USB ports on the computer .	adapter	neutral
Designed in black , the hub is very stylish , and the smaller pigtail keeps the adapter with in arms reach at all times , but also keeps the unit from blocking nearby USB ports on the computer .	USB ports	neutral
I wish I could have gotten him a desktop so he could learn some things about installing and upgrading , but this was simply too good a price to pass up !	price	neutral
AC Adapter Power Supply Charger+Cord for HP / Compaq Presario CQ50 - 140US cq50 - 130 Business	AC Adapter Power Supply Charger+Cord	neutral
* Compact and portable weighing in at only 4 . 36 ounces * Highly attractive design	design	neutral
Oh , and after replacing the cord , this lovely piece of equipment still works only grudgingly .	cord	neutral
This is for convenience , ease , access , performance , flexibility , etc ...	performance	neutral
This is for convenience , ease , access , performance , flexibility , etc ...	flexibility	neutral
This is a perfect surge protector packed with extra features .	surge protector	neutral
This is a perfect surge protector packed with extra features .	features	neutral
I have to applaud Amazon for refunding me an additional $ 200 after the tv was delivered , since the price dropped on Amazon on the day of delivery by $ 200 .	price	neutral
Had to go to website to try several things and finally found a link to microsoft and downloaded the proper drivers .	drivers	neutral
: the pen has a nice , solid feel to it , it writes like a quality writing tool , the digital recorder is excellent , the software simple and intuitive , and so on .	pen	neutral
: the pen has a nice , solid feel to it , it writes like a quality writing tool , the digital recorder is excellent , the software simple and intuitive , and so on .	software	neutral
Comes with all hardware needed to use you new HDD or SSD as a backup drive .	hardware	neutral
MS Office :	MS Office	neutral
I carry my MacBook and when I take the charger it sometime creates a small bulge .	charger	neutral
I bought an HP printer 6510 e model ( wireless ) also through Amazon for a great price and it installed fine .	price	neutral
I also see that the battery life drains significantly if I 'm viewing a lot of HD videos ( streaming ) or if I 'm ' power using ' google chrome , meaning a lot of tabs open .	battery life	neutral
I also see that the battery life drains significantly if I 'm viewing a lot of HD videos ( streaming ) or if I 'm ' power using ' google chrome , meaning a lot of tabs open .	google chrome	neutral
The " On / Off " button is very cheap feeling .	" On / Off " button	neutral
I just wish the touch screen would be a bit more responsive .	touch screen	neutral
As I conclude writing this brief review at 8:04 pm I now have 81 % battery life remaining .	battery life	neutral
The design is sleek and sexy and it feels solid when typing and also when opening , closing and carrying it around .	design	neutral
Seeing how my laptop was an older one I just dismissed the short run time as a product as old technology , but now I realize it was probably a defective product .	run time	neutral
I had also previously bought a keyboard cover at a brick - and - mortar store , but it was folded in a box , and did n't fit well at all .	keyboard cover	neutral
That does n't happen with this adapter .	adapter	neutral
i now get up to 5 . 5 hours out of my mini 4 if using the external usb dvd drive .	external usb dvd drive	neutral
Comes loaded with a ton of apps I 'll likely not use , only a few useful ones that interest me .	apps	neutral
So , my decision has been to keep this 500 GB hybrid drive instead of going back to my smaller Solid State Drive .	500 GB hybrid drive	neutral
So , my decision has been to keep this 500 GB hybrid drive instead of going back to my smaller Solid State Drive .	Solid State Drive	neutral
I found it for such a great price .	price	neutral
11 AC and its 8 GB upgradable , light and thin , USB 3 . 0 , Bluetooth .	8	neutral
11 AC and its 8 GB upgradable , light and thin , USB 3 . 0 , Bluetooth .	USB 3 . 0	neutral
11 AC and its 8 GB upgradable , light and thin , USB 3 . 0 , Bluetooth .	Bluetooth	neutral
First , the driver for my graphics chip does not recognize my second monitor when it is run through the docking station .	driver for my graphics chip	neutral
First , the driver for my graphics chip does not recognize my second monitor when it is run through the docking station .	monitor	neutral
First , the driver for my graphics chip does not recognize my second monitor when it is run through the docking station .	docking station	neutral
Everything you need to get online and use a web browser via Mozilla FireFox , web - email , select a wifi network , and so on is in that tab and easy to use .	web browser	neutral
Everything you need to get online and use a web browser via Mozilla FireFox , web - email , select a wifi network , and so on is in that tab and easy to use .	Mozilla FireFox	neutral
Everything you need to get online and use a web browser via Mozilla FireFox , web - email , select a wifi network , and so on is in that tab and easy to use .	wifi network	neutral
Everything you need to get online and use a web browser via Mozilla FireFox , web - email , select a wifi network , and so on is in that tab and easy to use .	use	neutral
Thanks a lot for this charger .	charger	neutral
manual is greatConsshort blue tooth rangesleeps to quickly and sleep	manual	neutral
manual is greatConsshort blue tooth rangesleeps to quickly and sleep	blue tooth rangesleeps	neutral
However , given the not - completely - transparent silicone material , the light is visible only if you 're typing in the dark .	silicone material	neutral
A small plastic case to fit it properlky would be nice to have .	plastic case	neutral
Unless you have something that is fairly long to fit in the bag , the length may be better served being transformed into more thickness .	length	neutral
Unless you have something that is fairly long to fit in the bag , the length may be better served being transformed into more thickness .	thickness	neutral
With this router , I can swap files from one PC to another with very fast speeds , and can stream all sorts of video and audio files from one computer to another .	speeds	neutral
Was originjally going to put this one into the Acer 4720Z , buit instead , I put in in THIS one , the 4720Z and rotated the battery that was in THIS one over to the 4720Z ! !	battery	neutral
I checked the manual that came with my bluetooth keyboard , entered the code it listed , which was simply 0000 , and the keyboard was then successfully paired .	bluetooth keyboard	neutral
I checked the manual that came with my bluetooth keyboard , entered the code it listed , which was simply 0000 , and the keyboard was then successfully paired .	keyboard	neutral
I sent these items along and thought that they would advise that if I sent the backpack , back to them , they would replace the clasp .	clasp	neutral
There are 3 compartments inside the main area .	compartments	neutral
i just got my cover three weeks ago , i am excessively clean , and just from continual touching , it has changed a lot alreadyalso , because my computer is so light , the front of the cover pulls the screen down	front of the cover	neutral
i just got my cover three weeks ago , i am excessively clean , and just from continual touching , it has changed a lot alreadyalso , because my computer is so light , the front of the cover pulls the screen down	screen	neutral
It is fast again and a pleasure to use .	use	neutral
The stand that unfolds does not stay open very well so is pretty much worthless .	stand	neutral
Easy to set up , seems loud enough .	set up	neutral
Where did I put that USB stick ?	USB stick	neutral
I also use full - screen mode online to maximize every inch of the 11-inch screen .	full - screen mode online	neutral
I also use full - screen mode online to maximize every inch of the 11-inch screen .	11-inch screen	neutral
There is a cinch string with lock to hold the cover in place .	cover	neutral
Other than that , this little device is amazing and would recommend it to anyonewho would like to use a normal mouse while being mobile .	mouse	neutral
My only gripe would be that the pockets in the side pouch are only a couple inches deep , nothing really stays in the without falling out .	pockets	neutral
Fast shipping .	shipping	neutral
Had a hard time finding an external enclosure .	external enclosure	neutral
A nice feature is that the bottom is waterproofed , although that protection does not extend to the bottom of the front pocket , which , if your backpack is n't loaded to the max , also sits on the ground .	bottom	neutral
A nice feature is that the bottom is waterproofed , although that protection does not extend to the bottom of the front pocket , which , if your backpack is n't loaded to the max , also sits on the ground .	front pocket	neutral
The fan can be moved around anywhere on the grating if there is a particular spot of the laptop you would like to cool .	fan	neutral
I did notice , however , that despite the fact that it worked flawlessly in the camera and computer , the speed of transfer was slower than other cards I tried in the same reader .	camera	neutral
I did notice , however , that despite the fact that it worked flawlessly in the camera and computer , the speed of transfer was slower than other cards I tried in the same reader .	speed of transfer	neutral
What really disappoints me about these speakers is the lack of dials .	speakers	neutral
What really disappoints me about these speakers is the lack of dials .	dials	neutral
There is ample padding and plenty of storage compartments , some of which I may never use .	storage compartments	neutral
To further illustrate , the Macbook Air SSD opens up Adobe Photoshop in 3 seconds .	Adobe Photoshop	neutral
had bought my daughter the BookBook case at 4 times the price since I did n't know if she 'd like this case .	price	neutral
we use the bose 3 a lot ( for our digital piano ) and hence we needed an extra battery !	battery	neutral
To do that type in " energy manager " on the start screen ( when the screen shows up start typing ; there does n't need to be a place to type in ) .	energy manager	neutral
Good , hard protected pocket on front for sunglasses , phone etc .	pocket	neutral
Just wish the USB port supplied more power .	USB port	neutral
The optical drive here now is something I appreciate , which was missing on the previous 13 . 3 inch one .	optical drive	neutral
Do yourself a favor : poney up the extra money for a Mac ; Once you 're up and running , you may never look back at Windows again ( except , of course , for games ! )	games	neutral
And I 'm very pleased with said shot : they 've done wonders for the sound quality on the TV .	sound quality	neutral
In BIOS there is no indication of compatibility problems .	BIOS	neutral
In BIOS there is no indication of compatibility problems .	compatibility	neutral
Hockey puck shaped and sized , it features four USB ports and a connected USB cable to connect to your computer .	USB ports	neutral
Hockey puck shaped and sized , it features four USB ports and a connected USB cable to connect to your computer .	USB cable	neutral
This is an awesome adapter .	adapter	neutral
Installed in a Dell laptop that had a failed battery .	battery	neutral
This case is a 5 star case for me .	case	neutral
Still loving this keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Given the premium expense , it 's a disappointment .	expense	neutral
I 've installed an 8 gig sd card which it reads very nicely , and have transferred many files directly from my desktop without any complication .	8 gig sd card	neutral
It works on my iMac 27&#34 ; , but the directions did n't help .	directions	neutral
I 've got a laptop , kindle , cables , a journal , and various usb drives and adapters that I use when working on computers .	usb drives	neutral
The only negatives are that its pricey , and the trackpad is kind of crappy .	trackpad	neutral
This was right after warranty expired of course	warranty	neutral
Good size and quality .	size	neutral
Good size and quality .	quality	neutral
if you installed it With the adapter plugged in , your computer does not recognize it , unplug it , uninstall the program , reinstall , reboot and plug in , enjoy !	adapter	neutral
if you installed it With the adapter plugged in , your computer does not recognize it , unplug it , uninstall the program , reinstall , reboot and plug in , enjoy !	program	neutral
and this keyboard helps to reduce mistakes .	keyboard	neutral
I always buy corsair memory for my computers and for the price and performance you can not beat them .	corsair memory	neutral
I always buy corsair memory for my computers and for the price and performance you can not beat them .	price	neutral
I always buy corsair memory for my computers and for the price and performance you can not beat them .	performance	neutral
Would be awesome if bluetooth would allow to link to 2 Bose speakers at the same time .	bluetooth	neutral
Hopefully the longevity is good , but considering the cost , I 'd still be happy even if this did n't last as long as the stock battery .	longevity	neutral
Hopefully the longevity is good , but considering the cost , I 'd still be happy even if this did n't last as long as the stock battery .	cost	neutral
Hopefully the longevity is good , but considering the cost , I 'd still be happy even if this did n't last as long as the stock battery .	battery	neutral
Overall the phone feels well built .	built	neutral
I can designate a slot to a particular card and give the card a number which I write on the plastic slot .	slot	neutral
Easy setup .	setup	neutral
Let me clear up some of the things that I have read about this protective cover for the Acer A500 .	protective cover	neutral
; like many products of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists the power requirements as AC when it should be DC.- Distortion ; at maximum audio levels this sounds pretty badMisc :	instructions manual	neutral
; like many products of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists the power requirements as AC when it should be DC.- Distortion ; at maximum audio levels this sounds pretty badMisc :	power	neutral
; like many products of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists the power requirements as AC when it should be DC.- Distortion ; at maximum audio levels this sounds pretty badMisc :	audio levels	neutral
I also played a frequency test file that started at 20Hz and found that the speakers started producing sound around the 45 - 50Hz range which was pretty low for such a small speaker .	speakers	neutral
Great sound , picture , viewing angles a great .	sound	neutral
Great sound , picture , viewing angles a great .	picture	neutral
Great sound , picture , viewing angles a great .	viewing angles	neutral
Purchased this router after spouse fried a previous one plugging phone line into internet port .	internet port	neutral
They come with a decent zippered pouch for traveling and mobility .	zippered pouch	neutral
I love the scrolling wheel .	scrolling wheel	neutral
But , if you 're looking for a more whole experience including watching movies , playing games , and listening to music , etc ... , then this Notebook is not for you .	playing games	neutral
And transferring between multiple drives was clearly limited by the processor and not the USB2 . 0 ports .	processor	neutral
And transferring between multiple drives was clearly limited by the processor and not the USB2 . 0 ports .	USB2 . 0 ports	neutral
Smooth and fast performance .	performance	neutral
it has a small JBL speaker at the underside by the battery .	JBL speaker	neutral
it has a small JBL speaker at the underside by the battery .	battery	neutral
nice clear screen , easy to install .	screen	neutral
nice clear screen , easy to install .	install	neutral
This Satechi hub looks great and works perfectly .	Satechi hub	neutral
The two USB 2 . 0 ports work .	USB 2 . 0 ports	neutral
For those that are wondering how you click and drag if there 's no actual button , you just kind of pretend there is a button .	button	neutral
By far the biggest drawback is that Chrome OS does not support Java and never will .	Chrome OS	neutral
By far the biggest drawback is that Chrome OS does not support Java and never will .	Java	neutral
The power supply itself works very well on these	power supply	neutral
Be aware that while the internal SSD is fast ( 700 MB / s ) , it 's still miles slower than the RAM , and the system will tank if it has to page the swap file .	internal SSD	neutral
Be aware that while the internal SSD is fast ( 700 MB / s ) , it 's still miles slower than the RAM , and the system will tank if it has to page the swap file .	RAM	neutral
Be aware that while the internal SSD is fast ( 700 MB / s ) , it 's still miles slower than the RAM , and the system will tank if it has to page the swap file .	system	neutral
It 's the best sound I 've heard in a very long time .	sound	neutral
You have very limited storage on the unit itself , so stock up on USBs .	storage	neutral
You have very limited storage on the unit itself , so stock up on USBs .	USBs	neutral
It is an Ultrabook , which means it is Windows - based computer that is thin , reasonably light , and has an Intel chipset inside .	Windows	neutral
It is an Ultrabook , which means it is Windows - based computer that is thin , reasonably light , and has an Intel chipset inside .	Intel chipset	neutral
This is the second cable I purchased from this manufacturer and my Olympus PEN fails to connect .	cable	neutral
The flat keyboard is not my favorite kind , so I use a separate keyboard with indented letters .	flat keyboard	neutral
The flat keyboard is not my favorite kind , so I use a separate keyboard with indented letters .	keyboard	neutral
Purchased this item to add additional fire wire ports in my CustoMAC .	fire wire ports	neutral
I am updating my review of these cables because at first I thought that they were some great cables .	cables	neutral
But , the interior padding compensates to protect the camera equipment .	interior padding	neutral
THIS IS NOT A CHARGER -- ONLY SPEAKERS*******I have a Droid phone .	CHARGER	neutral
THIS IS NOT A CHARGER -- ONLY SPEAKERS*******I have a Droid phone .	SPEAKERS*******I	neutral
The software even shows a signal quality meter , I went from barely anything to & # 62;85%.This thing ROCKS .	software	neutral
The software even shows a signal quality meter , I went from barely anything to & # 62;85%.This thing ROCKS .	signal quality	neutral
oh so lame soft sided plastic sleave for its 2 GB drive .	2 GB drive	neutral
Network 10/100Mbps Ethernet Adapter gives you an Ethernet port ( wired connection to the Internet ) when your internal hardware dies , or the device you 're using simply does n't have one .	Network 10/100Mbps Ethernet Adapter	neutral
Network 10/100Mbps Ethernet Adapter gives you an Ethernet port ( wired connection to the Internet ) when your internal hardware dies , or the device you 're using simply does n't have one .	Ethernet port	neutral
Network 10/100Mbps Ethernet Adapter gives you an Ethernet port ( wired connection to the Internet ) when your internal hardware dies , or the device you 're using simply does n't have one .	internal hardware	neutral
It fits and came charged to about 80 % .	charged	neutral
Buuuuut after a couple months of use , the carry handle up top ripped off .	carry handle up	neutral
Update : I am surprised no one mentioned , that the Soundlink needs to be on , a minute or two before it sounds its best .	Soundlink	neutral
The Qosmio however has a nice sleek and elegant paint job , the red accents are shiny and chrome - like but not too shiny .	paint job	neutral
Trackpad as well .	Trackpad	neutral
I only bought it because I was itching to get into the digital art world and can not as of yet afford what I really want , The Wacom Cintiq 21 .	Wacom	neutral
so I use a Anycom Bluetooth CF card .	Anycom Bluetooth CF card	neutral
But as all thing memory related , pricing will most likely even get better in a few months .	memory	neutral
But as all thing memory related , pricing will most likely even get better in a few months .	pricing	neutral
I have used this memory card with my Canon Rebel for about two years .	memory card	neutral
Given the proliferation of USB devices , one never has enough sockets on a laptop .	USB devices	neutral
Given the proliferation of USB devices , one never has enough sockets on a laptop .	sockets	neutral
The only complaint is that the cover has to be open to charge it .	cover	neutral
In addition to the V7 backpack , I also have the 16 inch top - loader case and the 16 inch front loader case .	16 inch	neutral
In addition to the V7 backpack , I also have the 16 inch top - loader case and the 16 inch front loader case .	top - loader case	neutral
In addition to the V7 backpack , I also have the 16 inch top - loader case and the 16 inch front loader case .	16 inch	neutral
In addition to the V7 backpack , I also have the 16 inch top - loader case and the 16 inch front loader case .	front loader case	neutral
The edges of the laptop are square while the edges of this sleeve are rounded .	edges	neutral
The edges of the laptop are square while the edges of this sleeve are rounded .	edges	neutral
When I used the Cineplayer software , it updated itself , which meant it deleted the entire package from the machine , then quit .	Cineplayer software	neutral
The multimedia control buttons light up , and so does the HP logo on the front .	multimedia control buttons	neutral
The battery life is great when you 're in Metro / Modern , but in Desktop mode it drains pretty fast -- I rarely get more than 3:00 out of it even with the display at 25 % .	battery life	neutral
The battery life is great when you 're in Metro / Modern , but in Desktop mode it drains pretty fast -- I rarely get more than 3:00 out of it even with the display at 25 % .	display	neutral
I wanted a small bag for my iPad that would also hold various iPad accessories such as a charger , etc .	charger	neutral
Other have mentioned using an external adapter to provide power so that only one USB port is taken up on your computer which is perfectly acceptable too .	external adapter	neutral
Other have mentioned using an external adapter to provide power so that only one USB port is taken up on your computer which is perfectly acceptable too .	USB port	neutral
I need a speaker that delivers great sound for music and one that I can follow True TV court cases on when they are streamed live .	sound	neutral
The FE6 only improves your headphones , they do n't change / enhance the audio source itself , so the FE6 is n't for any device that supports headphones .	headphones	neutral
The FE6 only improves your headphones , they do n't change / enhance the audio source itself , so the FE6 is n't for any device that supports headphones .	audio source	neutral
The FE6 only improves your headphones , they do n't change / enhance the audio source itself , so the FE6 is n't for any device that supports headphones .	headphones	neutral
The only bad thing is the MagSafe power connector .	MagSafe power connector	neutral
Asus should ship a screw driver with the unit .	screw driver	neutral
The headphones work well and the sound quality is good for the price .	headphones	neutral
The headphones work well and the sound quality is good for the price .	sound quality	neutral
The headphones work well and the sound quality is good for the price .	price	neutral
The main innovative thought in its design is the small plastic tip attached to the stylus via a string near the pocket clip : it allows you to attach the stylus to your device by insertion into its headphone jack .	design	neutral
The main innovative thought in its design is the small plastic tip attached to the stylus via a string near the pocket clip : it allows you to attach the stylus to your device by insertion into its headphone jack .	stylus	neutral
The main innovative thought in its design is the small plastic tip attached to the stylus via a string near the pocket clip : it allows you to attach the stylus to your device by insertion into its headphone jack .	pocket clip	neutral
The main innovative thought in its design is the small plastic tip attached to the stylus via a string near the pocket clip : it allows you to attach the stylus to your device by insertion into its headphone jack .	stylus	neutral
The main innovative thought in its design is the small plastic tip attached to the stylus via a string near the pocket clip : it allows you to attach the stylus to your device by insertion into its headphone jack .	headphone jack	neutral
It has a good CPU , a good GPU , and good RAM .	CPU	neutral
It has a good CPU , a good GPU , and good RAM .	GPU	neutral
It has a good CPU , a good GPU , and good RAM .	RAM	neutral
I m writing to you because I would like to save you from your own curiosity and hopes in making this laptop work for you only due to its attractive price .	price	neutral
However , if I have any doubts or questions about the item , I will contact the company first .	company	neutral
Great product at a great price with a very very fast delivery time .	price	neutral
Great product at a great price with a very very fast delivery time .	delivery time	neutral
The install from the disc was one of the usual drawn out creative affairs that I remember from times past .	disc	neutral
It 's lightweight and the screen is exceptionally clear .	screen	neutral
The absolute edge is clear , which gives the TV a very classy , distinct look , which sets it apart from all the other TVs out there .	edge	neutral
The absolute edge is clear , which gives the TV a very classy , distinct look , which sets it apart from all the other TVs out there .	look	neutral
The Smartpen works .	Smartpen	neutral
D - link tech support is clueless .	D - link tech support	neutral
I thought i might not like the business like design and switch to dell xps13 , but i do nt think i will do it anymore .	design	neutral
Item is as described and works great .	works	neutral
For a price of $ 450 + for this drive , one can buy a desktop from dell , such as a Studio Desktop .	price	neutral
For a price of $ 450 + for this drive , one can buy a desktop from dell , such as a Studio Desktop .	drive	neutral
We intentionally broke the Client Side WEP Security Settings in order to see how a call to Tech Support would be .	Client Side	neutral
We intentionally broke the Client Side WEP Security Settings in order to see how a call to Tech Support would be .	WEP Security Settings	neutral
We intentionally broke the Client Side WEP Security Settings in order to see how a call to Tech Support would be .	Tech Support	neutral
; The advertised list price is excessively overpriced , but a good discount makes this more competitively priced with other competing laptop pads/	list price	neutral
This is a real powerhouse with the top AMD processor , amazing clarity HD screen , and hyped - up HD audio .	AMD processor	neutral
This is a real powerhouse with the top AMD processor , amazing clarity HD screen , and hyped - up HD audio .	HD screen	neutral
This is a real powerhouse with the top AMD processor , amazing clarity HD screen , and hyped - up HD audio .	HD audio	neutral
I love all of the features plus I walk down five sets of stairs where i go to school .	features	neutral
One has a spring , which is gray , I guess to simulate a paint brush .	spring	neutral
One has a spring , which is gray , I guess to simulate a paint brush .	paint brush	neutral
To control the heat , the fans are kicking in quite frequently resulting in higher noise .	fans	neutral
Most Bluetooth features do not work with the cable , but that is not uncommon .	Bluetooth features	neutral
Most Bluetooth features do not work with the cable , but that is not uncommon .	cable	neutral
This is n't the most comfortable mouse for large hands .	mouse	neutral
Sound is good , too .	Sound	neutral
The comfort of this cooler while I hold it on my lap and work on my netbook is incomparable to the competition .	comfort	neutral
They use this power supply on a lot of computers but it worked perfectly on my Alienware M14x R2 .	power supply	neutral
The size it great for those who travel .	size	neutral
It 's an adaptor , it works as it should and best of all	adaptor	neutral
The only disadvantage is the padding inside is red and might stain a white computer .	padding	neutral
Worked perfect to transfer my laptops Windows 7 to a new Crucial M500 480 GB mSATA Internal Solid State Drive using Reflect software and replace the old , smaller SSD .	Windows 7	neutral
Worked perfect to transfer my laptops Windows 7 to a new Crucial M500 480 GB mSATA Internal Solid State Drive using Reflect software and replace the old , smaller SSD .	480 GB	neutral
Worked perfect to transfer my laptops Windows 7 to a new Crucial M500 480 GB mSATA Internal Solid State Drive using Reflect software and replace the old , smaller SSD .	mSATA Internal Solid State Drive	neutral
Worked perfect to transfer my laptops Windows 7 to a new Crucial M500 480 GB mSATA Internal Solid State Drive using Reflect software and replace the old , smaller SSD .	SSD	neutral
For this budget price corners were definitely cut on USB inputs .	USB inputs	neutral
Performance wise , this works exactly as expected .	Performance	neutral
Many of the connections would be completely unacceptable for anyone with any form of certification .	connections	neutral
it has speakers built into it which are asi asi .	speakers	neutral
u ( i never untied the cord from it 's twisty ) .	cord	neutral
The sound does n't sound degraded at all and the wires are thicker than you would think for the price .	sound	neutral
The sound does n't sound degraded at all and the wires are thicker than you would think for the price .	wires	neutral
The sound does n't sound degraded at all and the wires are thicker than you would think for the price .	price	neutral
Only reason I gave it 4 stars is because installing windows XP was not as problem free .	windows XP	neutral
Plus , needed a bag to hold the charger as the battery does n't last as long anymore as it used to .	charger	neutral
Plus , needed a bag to hold the charger as the battery does n't last as long anymore as it used to .	battery	neutral
Received the new battery , thought at first it looked too small to fit my laptop , but it was perfect .	battery	neutral
Maybe my HP laptops just have poor battery life , but I am astounded everytime	battery life	neutral
Oh , and the USB cable is longer and easily reaches any port on my laptop .	USB cable	neutral
The keyboard was just too small and difficult to type on .	keyboard	neutral
At 30 - 60 dollars a dock it gets very expensive , especially with as many cell phones I go through	dock	neutral
The integrated Wireless - N Wi - Fi	integrated Wireless - N Wi - Fi	neutral
It works great so far !	works	neutral
NoteBookplus cables , batteries , cards , straps , and everything else that goes with the gear above ...	cables	neutral
NoteBookplus cables , batteries , cards , straps , and everything else that goes with the gear above ...	batteries	neutral
NoteBookplus cables , batteries , cards , straps , and everything else that goes with the gear above ...	straps	neutral
I 'm waiting for Sony to send me the XP Pro downgrade DVD , which I 've already ordered , and am hoping the company comes through in its promise to deliver .	XP Pro	neutral
I was really hoping for a Haswell ultrabook convertible that would double as my desktop via a nice Thunderbolt dock for two monitors , GbE , USB 3 . 0 drives , etc .	Thunderbolt dock	neutral
I was really hoping for a Haswell ultrabook convertible that would double as my desktop via a nice Thunderbolt dock for two monitors , GbE , USB 3 . 0 drives , etc .	monitors	neutral
I was really hoping for a Haswell ultrabook convertible that would double as my desktop via a nice Thunderbolt dock for two monitors , GbE , USB 3 . 0 drives , etc .	GbE	neutral
I was really hoping for a Haswell ultrabook convertible that would double as my desktop via a nice Thunderbolt dock for two monitors , GbE , USB 3 . 0 drives , etc .	USB 3 . 0 drives	neutral
This little attachment can make USB 2 . 0 port into USB 3 . 0 .	USB 2 . 0 port	neutral
This little attachment can make USB 2 . 0 port into USB 3 . 0 .	USB 3 . 0	neutral
so you do n't have to carry the mouse separately .	mouse	neutral
from a price prospective it is a better option that buying one screw for $ 3 . 00 to $ 5 . 00 .	price	neutral
from a price prospective it is a better option that buying one screw for $ 3 . 00 to $ 5 . 00 .	screw	neutral
Finally , a budget - friendly item that just works .	budget	neutral
For movies , etc , I wish it had a landscape stand .	landscape stand	neutral
The outlets are moderately spaced , not too spacious nor congested .	outlets	neutral
The usb cord is serves both as power supply and data connection .	usb cord	neutral
The usb cord is serves both as power supply and data connection .	power supply	neutral
The usb cord is serves both as power supply and data connection .	data connection	neutral
I 'm surprised anyone would buy the HA as it does n't have Bluetooth or b / g / n connectivity .	Bluetooth	neutral
I 'm surprised anyone would buy the HA as it does n't have Bluetooth or b / g / n connectivity .	b / g / n connectivity	neutral
Longer cable is great .	cable	neutral
I 've used web - based video and GFX editors , and they are n't as good as stuff like iMovie , Windows Movie Maker , Photoshop , or Pixelmator .	web - based video	neutral
I 've used web - based video and GFX editors , and they are n't as good as stuff like iMovie , Windows Movie Maker , Photoshop , or Pixelmator .	GFX editors	neutral
I 've used web - based video and GFX editors , and they are n't as good as stuff like iMovie , Windows Movie Maker , Photoshop , or Pixelmator .	iMovie	neutral
I 've used web - based video and GFX editors , and they are n't as good as stuff like iMovie , Windows Movie Maker , Photoshop , or Pixelmator .	Windows Movie Maker	neutral
I 've used web - based video and GFX editors , and they are n't as good as stuff like iMovie , Windows Movie Maker , Photoshop , or Pixelmator .	Photoshop	neutral
I 've used web - based video and GFX editors , and they are n't as good as stuff like iMovie , Windows Movie Maker , Photoshop , or Pixelmator .	Pixelmator	neutral
Chances are , if your laptop has 3 audio jacks you should be ok , and if it only has 2 then this might not work for you .	audio jacks	neutral
its mobileIt sounds good .	sounds	neutral
Do n't be fooled by any artwork you may see with this product , the one I got is very small - make sure you get the correct size	size	neutral
What a quality product - attention to detail , well padded , spacious & versatile ... with a small footprint .	detail	neutral
What a quality product - attention to detail , well padded , spacious & versatile ... with a small footprint .	padded	neutral
What a quality product - attention to detail , well padded , spacious & versatile ... with a small footprint .	footprint	neutral
And the second reason for the trouble is that the station 's receptacle is almost always just a tad too low for it to snuggly fit into the hard drive 's plug .	station 's receptacle	neutral
And the second reason for the trouble is that the station 's receptacle is almost always just a tad too low for it to snuggly fit into the hard drive 's plug .	hard drive	neutral
The LCD screen although small is very viewable with much less fading out from an angle than many other laptops .	LCD screen	neutral
I will do video capture and processing on this and will like to see its performance then .	video capture	neutral
I will do video capture and processing on this and will like to see its performance then .	performance	neutral
I just cloned my laptop hard drive to this drive and all I can say is WOW .	hard drive	neutral
Oh and by the way if this laptop shuts on you and black screens and never lets you on , there is a fix , just shut the computer down , take out the battery , hold down the power button for 30 seconds and then release	battery	neutral
Oh and by the way if this laptop shuts on you and black screens and never lets you on , there is a fix , just shut the computer down , take out the battery , hold down the power button for 30 seconds and then release	power button	neutral
The outside flap form - fits to close the top , which keeps stuff from sticking out though it also puts a hard stop on the maximum you can put into the bag .	outside flap	neutral
I purchased a Korean 27&#34 ; IPS monitor with 2560x1440 resolution for about $ 365 on eBay with 2560x1440 resolution and was happy with it except that the power supply died after a year and the monitor started flickering after two years .	power supply	neutral
I purchased a Korean 27&#34 ; IPS monitor with 2560x1440 resolution for about $ 365 on eBay with 2560x1440 resolution and was happy with it except that the power supply died after a year and the monitor started flickering after two years .	monitor	neutral
Bought this for my netbook and works great .	works	neutral
I bought this AC Adapter to use with my new HP M6 1225DX Laptop .	AC Adapter	neutral
I have not upgraded to Windows 8 . 1	Windows 8 . 1	neutral
The 2 year warranty is a +	2 year warranty	neutral
I 'm running an AppleTV , HTPC , OUYA and Amazon TV with XBMC side loaded and	XBMC	neutral
The power adaptor outputs a non - standard voltage :	power adaptor	neutral
The screen and speakers are not very high quality , but you get what you pay for .	screen	neutral
The screen and speakers are not very high quality , but you get what you pay for .	speakers	neutral
Compare the products and see which ones suits your internet connection , your computer 's software and hardware .. and your budget !	internet connection	neutral
Compare the products and see which ones suits your internet connection , your computer 's software and hardware .. and your budget !	software	neutral
Compare the products and see which ones suits your internet connection , your computer 's software and hardware .. and your budget !	hardware	neutral
Compare the products and see which ones suits your internet connection , your computer 's software and hardware .. and your budget !	budget	neutral
The Intell SSD dramatically speeds up boot time .	Intell SSD	neutral
The Intell SSD dramatically speeds up boot time .	boot time	neutral
Just a week ago , I got a job with Eye - Fi Technical Support and was about ready to bring the Linksys G back up when I got the e - mail from Amazon that there were only 2 of these babies left , so I snatched one up .	Eye - Fi Technical Support	neutral
Just a week ago , I got a job with Eye - Fi Technical Support and was about ready to bring the Linksys G back up when I got the e - mail from Amazon that there were only 2 of these babies left , so I snatched one up .	Linksys G	neutral
It has a solid outer case and a dust cover for the ports , it works and is simple ....	outer case	neutral
It has a solid outer case and a dust cover for the ports , it works and is simple ....	ports	neutral
therefore it IS a pass through USB .	pass through USB	neutral
All metal design , sleek and light .	metal	neutral
All metal design , sleek and light .	design	neutral
The only reason I have not totally switched over to Mac is , there does not seem to be a Mac version of MS Money or any nice financial software for the Mac .	MS Money	neutral
Because it comes with an AC adapter	AC adapter	neutral
I must say I was not expecting much due to the price , but was happy when it came as it was a good quality product .	price	neutral
Bought one ArmorSuit MilitaryShield and one Zagg 's screen protector ( HD version ) .	screen protector	neutral
6 inch Dell Inspiron 15 and wanted something padded and lightweight with handles .	handles	neutral
If this laptop came with Vista , I 'd hate it even worse .	Vista	neutral
No failures , cheap price , easy transfers with the Transcend reader : 5 stars .	price	neutral
No failures , cheap price , easy transfers with the Transcend reader : 5 stars .	transfers	neutral
No failures , cheap price , easy transfers with the Transcend reader : 5 stars .	Transcend reader	neutral
True , the graphics are not the best , but hardware 1080p decoding is there , and since it has been the mainstream for larger notebooks , the drivers are mature and stable , good for running Windows or Linux , or even MacOS ( ? )	graphics	neutral
True , the graphics are not the best , but hardware 1080p decoding is there , and since it has been the mainstream for larger notebooks , the drivers are mature and stable , good for running Windows or Linux , or even MacOS ( ? )	drivers	neutral
True , the graphics are not the best , but hardware 1080p decoding is there , and since it has been the mainstream for larger notebooks , the drivers are mature and stable , good for running Windows or Linux , or even MacOS ( ? )	Windows	neutral
True , the graphics are not the best , but hardware 1080p decoding is there , and since it has been the mainstream for larger notebooks , the drivers are mature and stable , good for running Windows or Linux , or even MacOS ( ? )	Linux	neutral
However , I love the hardware Apple produces .	hardware	neutral
Works very well with no problems .	Works	neutral
I watched the service person working on my computer for more than an hour and all he did was run the necessary programs .	service person	neutral
I watched the service person working on my computer for more than an hour and all he did was run the necessary programs .	programs	neutral
It is great case !	case	neutral
And I wo n't even mention the beauty of the machine itself or even the attention to details in the packaging of the unit .	beauty	neutral
And I wo n't even mention the beauty of the machine itself or even the attention to details in the packaging of the unit .	packaging	neutral
The external drives were recognized immediately and icons pop up at the bottom of the screen to inform you that an external hard drive has been plugged in .	external drives	neutral
The external drives were recognized immediately and icons pop up at the bottom of the screen to inform you that an external hard drive has been plugged in .	external hard drive	neutral
so I do n't need to move my computer to plug in a USB .	USB	neutral
but transaction speed and limit is very less , very slow transaction .	transaction speed	neutral
The whole installation process takes under two minutes .	installation process	neutral
Video - Hulu seemed a little choppy , but YouTube was fine .	Video	neutral
This was ordered as a replacement for a lost power supply .	power supply	neutral
To be clear , my disappointment is all about the midrange and highs .	midrange	neutral
Although you can use it with the this dock , you have no room for error , and makes assembly a bit difficult .	dock	neutral
Although you can use it with the this dock , you have no room for error , and makes assembly a bit difficult .	assembly	neutral
This antenna does it quite well .	antenna	neutral
For the past week I 've used this speaker to play audiobooks during my 2 hours of daily commute - the audio quality is plenty loud to hear quiet moments of dialogue even with highway road noise in the background and after 5 days of usage ( 10 + hours ) finally gave it re - charge .	audio quality	neutral
For the past week I 've used this speaker to play audiobooks during my 2 hours of daily commute - the audio quality is plenty loud to hear quiet moments of dialogue even with highway road noise in the background and after 5 days of usage ( 10 + hours ) finally gave it re - charge .	charge	neutral
The Velcro compartment dividers are hard to rip out and put back in .	Velcro compartment dividers	neutral
The Bluetooth is great but the sound of this speaker is just decent , not great .	sound	neutral
You have tons of compartments to organize exactly how you want .	compartments	neutral
It does come with a shoulder strap that is n't sown in the pictures and a short handle you can also use .	shoulder strap	neutral
It does come with a shoulder strap that is n't sown in the pictures and a short handle you can also use .	handle	neutral
It gives you all the connection options you need .	connection	neutral
If you use it in a laptop , it might be wise to use the mounting screws .	mounting screws	neutral
There seems to be an oversight on the part of the design of this product when trying to access equipment through the side panel while the pack is positioned as a sling in front of the wearer as recommended by the manufacturer : the pack opening closes up under the weight of the equipment because it in essence forms a hammock with all of the weight being supported by just two straps attached diagonally on opposite sides of the bag .	design	neutral
The 160 GB SDD had twice the capacity , ran cooler and faster and gave my old laptop a new look on life .	160 GB SDD	neutral
saver or when the monitor is first turned on .	monitor	neutral
I work off of my bed a lot and because of that , my fan gets blocked .	fan	neutral
The LED screen is far more susceptible to what angle you are viewing it from .	LED screen	neutral
* ( Good ) wireless hardware / software	wireless hardware / software	neutral
This is an effortless laptop to operate .	operate	neutral
I had a battery that would n't charge any longer .	battery	neutral
I had a battery that would n't charge any longer .	charge	neutral
If you 're serious about video creation , then you 'll probably need to buy third - party software , though the stuff that comes with vista ( movie maker ) and a mac ( imovie ) are both supposed to be great for basic stuff .	video creation	neutral
If you 're serious about video creation , then you 'll probably need to buy third - party software , though the stuff that comes with vista ( movie maker ) and a mac ( imovie ) are both supposed to be great for basic stuff .	software	neutral
If you 're serious about video creation , then you 'll probably need to buy third - party software , though the stuff that comes with vista ( movie maker ) and a mac ( imovie ) are both supposed to be great for basic stuff .	vista	neutral
If you 're serious about video creation , then you 'll probably need to buy third - party software , though the stuff that comes with vista ( movie maker ) and a mac ( imovie ) are both supposed to be great for basic stuff .	movie maker	neutral
If you 're serious about video creation , then you 'll probably need to buy third - party software , though the stuff that comes with vista ( movie maker ) and a mac ( imovie ) are both supposed to be great for basic stuff .	imovie	neutral
My son has an Asus netbook and the cat chewed the cord on his power adapter .	cord	neutral
My son has an Asus netbook and the cat chewed the cord on his power adapter .	power adapter	neutral
Good Looking , Good Construction , Good Price and Very Functional !	Construction	neutral
Good Looking , Good Construction , Good Price and Very Functional !	Price	neutral
If my battery is getting low as I 'm running out the door , no problem .	battery	neutral
The build quality is tops .	build quality	neutral
This keyboard was easy to install , and actually was better than the original .	keyboard	neutral
Also , and this was very important to me , it comes with a removable shoulder strap .	shoulder strap	neutral
that s because of new intel chip , if it was not for the bad screen , this would have been a good laptopI was surprised that i was able to play hight quality HD 60fps video without any problemsmy 4 years old macbook	intel chip	neutral
that s because of new intel chip , if it was not for the bad screen , this would have been a good laptopI was surprised that i was able to play hight quality HD 60fps video without any problemsmy 4 years old macbook	screen	neutral
Some complain about battery life	battery life	neutral
, I like the form factor , the design is niceI will give it a 4 star because there was a lot of effort in guiding me to get it up and running from its directional manualI	form factor	neutral
, I like the form factor , the design is niceI will give it a 4 star because there was a lot of effort in guiding me to get it up and running from its directional manualI	design	neutral
, I like the form factor , the design is niceI will give it a 4 star because there was a lot of effort in guiding me to get it up and running from its directional manualI	directional manualI	neutral
Works very well .	Works	neutral
Panasonic Lumix DMC - GF3 12 MP Micro 4/3 Compact System Camera with 3-Inch Touch - Screen LCD and 14 - 42 mm Zoom Lens	Touch - Screen LCD	neutral
It had good range .	range	neutral
I bought this drive thinking it would be a fantastic deal .	drive	neutral
( in the photos above ) holds a external Hard Drive and the USB wire for it ...	external Hard Drive	neutral
( in the photos above ) holds a external Hard Drive and the USB wire for it ...	USB wire	neutral
The main issue I have is that the area where you can install msata ssd is not actively cooled .	msata ssd	neutral
That you can get X amount of hours on a 60 GB HDD , whereas you only get X amount on a 16 GB Flash .	60 GB HDD	neutral
That you can get X amount of hours on a 60 GB HDD , whereas you only get X amount on a 16 GB Flash .	16 GB Flash	neutral
It ca n't even handle my keyboard / mouse with two of the four slots open .	keyboard /	neutral
It ca n't even handle my keyboard / mouse with two of the four slots open .	mouse	neutral
This is supposed to be a Dell battery , and it 's lasted less than 4 months .	battery	neutral
In use I discovered the following , I do not know if the keyboard works because the wire to connect it with has a full sized USB end on it instead of a mini USB .	keyboard	neutral
In use I discovered the following , I do not know if the keyboard works because the wire to connect it with has a full sized USB end on it instead of a mini USB .	wire	neutral
In use I discovered the following , I do not know if the keyboard works because the wire to connect it with has a full sized USB end on it instead of a mini USB .	USB end	neutral
Another bonus : the shape of the On Tour system made it easy to hang it off the side of my night stand ,	shape	neutral
Another bonus : the shape of the On Tour system made it easy to hang it off the side of my night stand ,	On Tour system	neutral
Keep doing this until all the software is updated and it is recommended to continue to check every month or so as well .	software	neutral
Note , my laptop that has an integrated card connects to the wireless network just fine and does n't disconnect , so it is definitely the adapter .	integrated card	neutral
Note , my laptop that has an integrated card connects to the wireless network just fine and does n't disconnect , so it is definitely the adapter .	wireless network	neutral
Note , my laptop that has an integrated card connects to the wireless network just fine and does n't disconnect , so it is definitely the adapter .	adapter	neutral
So I read the fantastic reviews on this model and noticed it was using an upgraded APU processor	APU processor	neutral
I tend to use Vista for photo editing and Mac for video .	Vista	neutral
I tend to use Vista for photo editing and Mac for video .	photo editing	neutral
No bells or whistles , just a good basic PCI card .	PCI card	neutral
I have been using it for a few months now with constantly " on " connecting to AC power .	AC power	neutral
USB 3 . 0 is awesome .	USB 3 . 0	neutral
Not a bad Bluetooth speaker but useless for making phone calls on a mobile phone .	Bluetooth speaker	neutral
Wifi connects reliably	Wifi	neutral
pro : best wifi card i haveconnection signal is always a 5 rarely 4easy to installtp - link products always affordable and dependablecon : doesnt have acalso running a TP - LINK Archer C7 router .. best router for the $ $	wifi card	neutral
pro : best wifi card i haveconnection signal is always a 5 rarely 4easy to installtp - link products always affordable and dependablecon : doesnt have acalso running a TP - LINK Archer C7 router .. best router for the $ $	acalso	neutral
Very quiet with a low pleasant hum sound coming from the fans .	fans	neutral
Is it the SSD primarily ?	SSD primarily	neutral
But I can imagine some folks would prefer this kind of layout ( very similar to Macbook).Having the optical drive definitely came in handy for installing some software .	layout	neutral
But I can imagine some folks would prefer this kind of layout ( very similar to Macbook).Having the optical drive definitely came in handy for installing some software .	optical drive	neutral
But I can imagine some folks would prefer this kind of layout ( very similar to Macbook).Having the optical drive definitely came in handy for installing some software .	software	neutral
The top clip , which is spring loaded , does not catch the top edge of the tablet .	top clip	neutral
This is the perfect size to take to a meeting and holds everything I need .	size	neutral
I concur with all the other comments stating that the wifi on this thing is the most frustrating I 've ever experienced on a notebook ( and the Series 9 was not good either , since it was encased in aluminum ) .	wifi	neutral
The monitor itself it huge .	monitor	neutral
The bottom line is that there simply is n't ANY reason to buy this older model , which runs a lot more sluggishly , unless you can get it for a song--	runs	neutral
I am detailed about this because many seem to have complained the cord breaks .	cord	neutral
Now I have an ultrabook which rivals any $ 1200 4th - gen ultrabooks out there except screen resolution .	screen resolution	neutral
I have Verizon FIOS and my speedtest results	speedtest	neutral
I have a $ 2000 desktop , I do n't need another PC that is a headache to maintain with antivirus , updating , and installing programs .	antivirus	neutral
The zippers work fine and the handles are padded .	zippers	neutral
The zippers work fine and the handles are padded .	handles	neutral
This cord powers my laptop , but after extended use it becomes quite hot to the touch .	cord	neutral
Instead , it 's one unit , with about 8 drivers ... a VGA driver , a USB driver , etc .	drivers	neutral
Instead , it 's one unit , with about 8 drivers ... a VGA driver , a USB driver , etc .	VGA driver	neutral
Instead , it 's one unit , with about 8 drivers ... a VGA driver , a USB driver , etc .	USB driver	neutral
They assigned a case manager since we did n't want to ship the PC back .	case manager	neutral
If there is a fan I never heard it and the SSD is quiet since it has no moving parts .	fan	neutral
If there is a fan I never heard it and the SSD is quiet since it has no moving parts .	SSD	neutral
Essentially , you can have both a portable hard drive and a power supply inside this while working on the laptop ... this is a nifty design for both at home or office use to save desk space and for on the go use where you may have limited space or an uneven work area .	hard drive	neutral
Essentially , you can have both a portable hard drive and a power supply inside this while working on the laptop ... this is a nifty design for both at home or office use to save desk space and for on the go use where you may have limited space or an uneven work area .	power supply	neutral
Essentially , you can have both a portable hard drive and a power supply inside this while working on the laptop ... this is a nifty design for both at home or office use to save desk space and for on the go use where you may have limited space or an uneven work area .	design	neutral
There is a slight magnet in the case which keeps it closed instead of flopping open ( but I must note that the magnet does NOT turn the iPad on or off ) .	magnet	neutral
There is a slight magnet in the case which keeps it closed instead of flopping open ( but I must note that the magnet does NOT turn the iPad on or off ) .	magnet	neutral
, first you can not sit at a table because you got yuppie mellenials sitting there , so you have to go outside and the signal sucks , but with this you can get to be & # 34;first in line&#34 ; on data signal , even if you are 30 feet away and outside ..... so it works .	signal	neutral
, first you can not sit at a table because you got yuppie mellenials sitting there , so you have to go outside and the signal sucks , but with this you can get to be & # 34;first in line&#34 ; on data signal , even if you are 30 feet away and outside ..... so it works .	data signal	neutral
The price is good , construction is good , however the layout could have been better .	price	neutral
The price is good , construction is good , however the layout could have been better .	construction	neutral
The price is good , construction is good , however the layout could have been better .	layout	neutral
It 's a great buy for the price .	price	neutral
I have one of the starter batteries from my other Panny that fits the HCM 40	batteries	neutral
So I lose the optical drive for the same battery life .	optical drive	neutral
So I lose the optical drive for the same battery life .	battery life	neutral
The laptop itself is very rugged and durable , but again a newer laptop running XP should perform alot better .	XP	neutral
The only media output peripheral is the new MiniDisplay port which with the right adapter can link with DVI , HDMI or digital VGA but not S - video .	media output peripheral	neutral
The only media output peripheral is the new MiniDisplay port which with the right adapter can link with DVI , HDMI or digital VGA but not S - video .	MiniDisplay port	neutral
The only media output peripheral is the new MiniDisplay port which with the right adapter can link with DVI , HDMI or digital VGA but not S - video .	DVI	neutral
The only media output peripheral is the new MiniDisplay port which with the right adapter can link with DVI , HDMI or digital VGA but not S - video .	HDMI	neutral
The only media output peripheral is the new MiniDisplay port which with the right adapter can link with DVI , HDMI or digital VGA but not S - video .	S - video	neutral
was that I needed a good mouse that worked with windows 8 .	mouse	neutral
was that I needed a good mouse that worked with windows 8 .	windows 8	neutral
I have since downloaded and installed Firefox and Safari .	Firefox	neutral
I have since downloaded and installed Firefox and Safari .	Safari	neutral
I took it with me when we went wake boarding on our 270HP Yamaha jet boat , the boat engines only drown out the speaker when at full throttle .	engines	neutral
I took it with me when we went wake boarding on our 270HP Yamaha jet boat , the boat engines only drown out the speaker when at full throttle .	speaker	neutral
The FSP Aurum is a 400 Watt power supply and supplies 18 Amps on a single 12v rail , but has two 12v rails for a combined 36 Amps .	FSP Aurum	neutral
The FSP Aurum is a 400 Watt power supply and supplies 18 Amps on a single 12v rail , but has two 12v rails for a combined 36 Amps .	12v rail	neutral
The FSP Aurum is a 400 Watt power supply and supplies 18 Amps on a single 12v rail , but has two 12v rails for a combined 36 Amps .	12v rails	neutral
I purchased this pad thinking that my laptop was overheating since it kept on rebooting and freezing randomly .	pad	neutral
Spray and towel dry ( do nt need to be dry , just clean).2 ) spray your fingers so you do nt leave finger prints on the screen .	screen	neutral
I can use the AUX on back and it plays fine , but it loses some of that power	AUX	neutral
I can use the AUX on back and it plays fine , but it loses some of that power	plays	neutral
I can use the AUX on back and it plays fine , but it loses some of that power	power	neutral
I solved the problem quickly through some simple pre - ordered research and just reformatted the Hard - drive into one Partition and reloaded windows and then reload the Drivers and skipped the bloatware .	Hard - drive	neutral
I solved the problem quickly through some simple pre - ordered research and just reformatted the Hard - drive into one Partition and reloaded windows and then reload the Drivers and skipped the bloatware .	Drivers	neutral
I solved the problem quickly through some simple pre - ordered research and just reformatted the Hard - drive into one Partition and reloaded windows and then reload the Drivers and skipped the bloatware .	bloatware	neutral
Since it has Blu - Ray capability it gives me additional function that my old laptop does not have .	Blu - Ray capability	neutral
Generic Docking stations for Windows 7 notebooks are not the easiest to come by .	Docking stations	neutral
I guess I will just start with the mouse pad ( which has already messed me up about 3 times since I started writing this review ) .	mouse pad	neutral
The back pocket easily fits an Ipad or notebook and magazines or other items .	back pocket	neutral
I do wish it had a pouch for the power adapter and my mouse , but I suppose I probably would n't use it anyway since that would make it too bulky to put in my backpack .	power adapter	neutral
I do wish it had a pouch for the power adapter and my mouse , but I suppose I probably would n't use it anyway since that would make it too bulky to put in my backpack .	mouse	neutral
It 's very small and lightweight , battery powered , easy to operate , and has a two - position bass boost switch .	battery powered	neutral
It 's very small and lightweight , battery powered , easy to operate , and has a two - position bass boost switch .	operate	neutral
It 's very small and lightweight , battery powered , easy to operate , and has a two - position bass boost switch .	bass boost switch	neutral
This is also my 4th HP and my previous ones had AMD chips also .	AMD chips	neutral
It is a good battery at good price .	battery	neutral
It is a good battery at good price .	price	neutral
It is engineered with great precision to allow no movement of the drive , has great padding , and is as tight as a drum against dust .	drive	neutral
It is engineered with great precision to allow no movement of the drive , has great padding , and is as tight as a drum against dust .	padding	neutral
On the series 7 I got horrible battery life	battery life	neutral
this is 4 - 1 reader , I think which is enough.*Enough ports :	ports	neutral
I downloaded the full Logitech Webcam software package and the video quality within that application was very nice .	Logitech	neutral
I downloaded the full Logitech Webcam software package and the video quality within that application was very nice .	Webcam software package	neutral
I downloaded the full Logitech Webcam software package and the video quality within that application was very nice .	video quality	neutral
Turns out the drive was n't seated properly in the enclosure .	drive	neutral
Turns out the drive was n't seated properly in the enclosure .	enclosure	neutral
For anyone who does n't know this , this is normal , this is the way is suppose to be , double the cells , double the size .	cells	neutral
For anyone who does n't know this , this is normal , this is the way is suppose to be , double the cells , double the size .	size	neutral
one day I opened it and the screen was shattered from the top - left corner .	screen	neutral
This product works great , and shipped very fast , it works great with my ipad and laptop for cleaning , highly recomment it for your electronics .	shipped	neutral
Interestingly that one had a flawed keyboard , a couple of keys went dead after a few hours of use , and I took it back to the Apple store .	keyboard	neutral
Interestingly that one had a flawed keyboard , a couple of keys went dead after a few hours of use , and I took it back to the Apple store .	keys	neutral
I actually would have preferred them to be shorter than advertised , but I ca n't find anything shorter ( except the adapters that involve no cord at all).The wire itself does n't inspire much confidence , since it looks almost exactly like a phone cord .	adapters	neutral
I actually would have preferred them to be shorter than advertised , but I ca n't find anything shorter ( except the adapters that involve no cord at all).The wire itself does n't inspire much confidence , since it looks almost exactly like a phone cord .	cord	neutral
I actually would have preferred them to be shorter than advertised , but I ca n't find anything shorter ( except the adapters that involve no cord at all).The wire itself does n't inspire much confidence , since it looks almost exactly like a phone cord .	wire	neutral
Some have plastic ground / earth plugs and do n't seem to work with all gadgets .	ground / earth plugs	neutral
Upgrading the ram yourself from 2 gb to 4 gb is a great idea .	ram	neutral
I 've put in my old 500 GB 7200 RPM HDD and it works like a dream , it could be even better but it is only a SATA 2 drive and as such I do n't think it would be able to fully saturate the SATA 3 interface it connects to in the Y580 .	500 GB	neutral
I 've put in my old 500 GB 7200 RPM HDD and it works like a dream , it could be even better but it is only a SATA 2 drive and as such I do n't think it would be able to fully saturate the SATA 3 interface it connects to in the Y580 .	SATA 2 drive	neutral
I 've put in my old 500 GB 7200 RPM HDD and it works like a dream , it could be even better but it is only a SATA 2 drive and as such I do n't think it would be able to fully saturate the SATA 3 interface it connects to in the Y580 .	SATA 3 interface	neutral
With it , are a Canon Elph digital camera , camera battery charger , and	battery charger	neutral
monitor stand ) 20 inch wide stand instead .	monitor stand	neutral
monitor stand ) 20 inch wide stand instead .	wide stand	neutral
That previous computer had an LG screen , so I can compare the two .	LG screen	neutral
This , in my opinion , is a safety feature .	safety feature	neutral
When I recently purchased a new computer , I had to make hard decisions concerning getting all the hardware and features I wanted .	hardware	neutral
When I recently purchased a new computer , I had to make hard decisions concerning getting all the hardware and features I wanted .	features	neutral
I am running Windows 8 and quickly found that I ca n't leave it plugged in when not in use .	Windows 8	neutral
To do this the laptop must be in video output mode to only output video via HDMI .	video output mode	neutral
To do this the laptop must be in video output mode to only output video via HDMI .	HDMI	neutral
The HP always made a funny cracking sound in the hinge when I closed it .	hinge	neutral
I like the fast CPU , the 12 GB 's of memory , the 2 USB 3 . 0 ports , the screen , and the keyboard , except for the placement of the Delete , Insert , Home , End , PageUp , and PageDown keys .	CPU	neutral
I like the fast CPU , the 12 GB 's of memory , the 2 USB 3 . 0 ports , the screen , and the keyboard , except for the placement of the Delete , Insert , Home , End , PageUp , and PageDown keys .	12 GB 's of memory	neutral
I like the fast CPU , the 12 GB 's of memory , the 2 USB 3 . 0 ports , the screen , and the keyboard , except for the placement of the Delete , Insert , Home , End , PageUp , and PageDown keys .	USB 3 . 0 ports	neutral
I like the fast CPU , the 12 GB 's of memory , the 2 USB 3 . 0 ports , the screen , and the keyboard , except for the placement of the Delete , Insert , Home , End , PageUp , and PageDown keys .	screen	neutral
I like the fast CPU , the 12 GB 's of memory , the 2 USB 3 . 0 ports , the screen , and the keyboard , except for the placement of the Delete , Insert , Home , End , PageUp , and PageDown keys .	keyboard	neutral
I like the fast CPU , the 12 GB 's of memory , the 2 USB 3 . 0 ports , the screen , and the keyboard , except for the placement of the Delete , Insert , Home , End , PageUp , and PageDown keys .	Delete	neutral
Windows 7 Home 64 bit is pre - loaded .	Windows 7 Home 64 bit	neutral
The instructions are a little vague on how to change frequencies by holding down which buttons but you should get the hang of it quickly and then it all makes sense .	instructions	neutral
There 's an updated synaptics driver that fixes all of this	synaptics driver	neutral
I like the design of last year 's equivalent that has these plugs under the express card slot .	design	neutral
I like the design of last year 's equivalent that has these plugs under the express card slot .	plugs	neutral
I like the design of last year 's equivalent that has these plugs under the express card slot .	express card slot	neutral
For the price , it 's a great deal .	price	neutral
My headset that is attached them continues to work fine yet these adapters all fail , sooner or later , usually sooner .	adapters	neutral
As with the PC the Picture looked awesome ( Was upconverted to 1080i ) however there was no sound through the HDMI plug .	Picture	neutral
As with the PC the Picture looked awesome ( Was upconverted to 1080i ) however there was no sound through the HDMI plug .	sound	neutral
As with the PC the Picture looked awesome ( Was upconverted to 1080i ) however there was no sound through the HDMI plug .	HDMI plug	neutral
The blue lighting is a real plus if you enjoy such things - I find it beautiful .	blue lighting	neutral
the december release date was postponed due to wifi issues .	wifi	neutral
, it is durable and he did not have to alter it at all like he did the last one to fit the different ports on the computer .	ports	neutral
Access is quick with dual zippers with adequate tabs .	Access	neutral
Access is quick with dual zippers with adequate tabs .	zippers	neutral
There 's not much to distinguish it from , say , a standard canvas tote bag with handles , except for a few extra pockets and the fact that the metal frame keeps it	handles	neutral
There 's not much to distinguish it from , say , a standard canvas tote bag with handles , except for a few extra pockets and the fact that the metal frame keeps it	metal frame	neutral
On the other hand , the lower speed of the hard drive is supposed to help battery life , so it 's a fair trade off .	speed of	neutral
On the other hand , the lower speed of the hard drive is supposed to help battery life , so it 's a fair trade off .	hard drive	neutral
On the other hand , the lower speed of the hard drive is supposed to help battery life , so it 's a fair trade off .	battery life	neutral
However , lots of needed drivers were missing causing numerous crashes , BSOD 's ( Blue Screen of Death ) reboots , and other errors .	drivers	neutral
I use these for primary boot drives in fast tower computers but it is also ideal for a laptop as it is a 2 . 5 inch SSD and it runs on low power .	boot drives	neutral
I use these for primary boot drives in fast tower computers but it is also ideal for a laptop as it is a 2 . 5 inch SSD and it runs on low power .	SSD	neutral
I use these for primary boot drives in fast tower computers but it is also ideal for a laptop as it is a 2 . 5 inch SSD and it runs on low power .	power	neutral
For the price , this is one of the best things you can do for your Aspire One ... and yourself .	price	neutral
Works well does as should .	Works	neutral
So many monitors these days max out at 1080P and are marketed as " HD " .	HD	neutral
This little fan keeps my laptop cooled down and helps it run smoother .	fan	neutral
an put it in this external case .	external case	neutral
I tried plugging it into a few different USB ports and even tried it on two other laptops ...	USB ports	neutral
11 g wireless card , which ran up to 54Mbps , and occasionally suffered from loss of signal .	11 g wireless card	neutral
And as others have said there is the search button where the caps lock key is but	search button	neutral
And as others have said there is the search button where the caps lock key is but	caps lock key	neutral
works wonderfully and does what it suppose to do .	works	neutral
Overall , I recommend this laptop for the price .	price	neutral
Full size usb plug requires adapter for most tablets	usb plug requires adapter	neutral
Also , I noticed that some functionalities did not work on Windows 8 like they do on Windows 7.- Drivers .	functionalities	neutral
Also , I noticed that some functionalities did not work on Windows 8 like they do on Windows 7.- Drivers .	Windows 8	neutral
Also , I noticed that some functionalities did not work on Windows 8 like they do on Windows 7.- Drivers .	Windows 7.-	neutral
Also , I noticed that some functionalities did not work on Windows 8 like they do on Windows 7.- Drivers .	Drivers	neutral
and they asked like 500 questions and wanted me to take it to a repair shop to have them test whether their battery caused the problem .	battery	neutral
The little front pocket gives me extra space to throw in a few extra things .	front pocket	neutral
so that is why I considered the SSHD or the 10 , 000 rpm drive .	SSHD	neutral
so that is why I considered the SSHD or the 10 , 000 rpm drive .	10 , 000 rpm drive	neutral
( I hope anyone who does and has tested the mCube 90 with their Mac will post a comment here.)As far as my Fire is concerned , at first I thought I needed to get a custom tip , and Innergie responded quickly to let me know that one that small was not available .	tip	neutral
With the PoGo , picture quality is so - so ( certainly better than any of the Polaroid instant cameras ) .	picture quality	neutral
A wide - angle lens is a must .	wide - angle lens	neutral
I planned to re - solder it but decided to see how hot my laptop would get without the fans .	fans	neutral
I have an old desktop running windows	windows	neutral
This is truly a sleeve .	sleeve	neutral
Plus , the fans did n't work when I shut the computer lid even though my settings are such that the computer does n't shut down or hibernate with the lid closed .	fans	neutral
Fit and finish is excellent for the price but not really built like a tank which was standard for the Thinkpads .	finish	neutral
Fit and finish is excellent for the price but not really built like a tank which was standard for the Thinkpads .	price	neutral
The Inspirons we run only require one connection to dock .	dock	neutral
Their customer service is amazing .	customer service	neutral
Difficult system to get your information off of it if the device is defective .	system	neutral
Windows just feels old .	Windows	neutral
Overall , aside from the flaws that can mostly be worked around , this machine is both fun and easy to use , very attractive , and most importantly can perform most tasks one might need a computer for with little to no problems .	use	neutral
The only way I can tell is the small opening for the webcam .	webcam	neutral
You MUST run the installation prorgam from the CD that comes with it .	installation prorgam	neutral
Good laptop for good price .	price	neutral
ca n't believe it works and is still workingholds a long charge like it should , but not as well as a factory battery	charge	neutral
ca n't believe it works and is still workingholds a long charge like it should , but not as well as a factory battery	battery	neutral
The keypad is indeed a little hard , but pressing at the edges may help as it is a bit softer .	keypad	neutral
The main reason I bought this speaker over others was for the AC option at an affordable price .	AC option	neutral
The main reason I bought this speaker over others was for the AC option at an affordable price .	price	neutral
The problem got worse but it appeared to me that is was more a BIOS or resource conflict issue and after seeing other people were having the same issue , I had hoped HP would resolve this and offer a fix through an update .	BIOS	neutral
The problem got worse but it appeared to me that is was more a BIOS or resource conflict issue and after seeing other people were having the same issue , I had hoped HP would resolve this and offer a fix through an update .	resource conflict	neutral
Also , it has a very proprietary cord to charge it	charge	neutral
people in other reviews complained about being able to see the adapter ring in the edges of the shots	adapter ring	neutral
even if you keep it plugged in , it will allow it to slowly drop below 95%.That said , I 've gotten up to 14 hours of battery life with this netbook .	battery life	neutral
It appeared to be functioning , i. e. , the fully charged light came on , but when you unplugged the charger the battery would not support the computer .	fully charged light	neutral
It appeared to be functioning , i. e. , the fully charged light came on , but when you unplugged the charger the battery would not support the computer .	charger	neutral
It appeared to be functioning , i. e. , the fully charged light came on , but when you unplugged the charger the battery would not support the computer .	battery	neutral
Great monitor for the price .	monitor	neutral
Great monitor for the price .	price	neutral
and it works just fine .	works	neutral
a Pentium B980 ( Sandy Bridge ) at 2 .	Pentium B980	neutral
Made in China products , no matter what brand , seem to be inferior in their quality control compared to those that use to be manufactured in Japan or Korea .	quality control	neutral
I have taken over 1200 photos and 40 minutes of video with this card .	card	neutral
According to NuMark , that is because SanDisk has changed something in the low level architecture in a way that renders them incompatible with some devices .	architecture	neutral
So I play computer games fairly regularly and figured the mouse that came with my computer was no longer cutting it .	games	neutral
So I play computer games fairly regularly and figured the mouse that came with my computer was no longer cutting it .	mouse	neutral
It works great and price was great too .	works	neutral
It works great and price was great too .	price	neutral
In spite of those who criticized my review for my opinion on Firewire and the display .	Firewire	neutral
In spite of those who criticized my review for my opinion on Firewire and the display .	display	neutral
At the time I noticed that some input jacks were not functioning but did n't complain until I got my wife a Wii and needed tmore jacks .	input jacks	neutral
At the time I noticed that some input jacks were not functioning but did n't complain until I got my wife a Wii and needed tmore jacks .	jacks	neutral
Also , this thing runs on 6 AA batteries	AA batteries	neutral
This cable , lock , and eyehole attachment set is a decent theft deterrent for any device that has a built - in security slot .	cable	neutral
This cable , lock , and eyehole attachment set is a decent theft deterrent for any device that has a built - in security slot .	lock	neutral
This cable , lock , and eyehole attachment set is a decent theft deterrent for any device that has a built - in security slot .	eyehole attachment set	neutral
Alongwith Universal International Travel Plug Adapter for all Countries , the package is all you need for all your charging needs in US and abroad .	charging	neutral
For places that do n't have Wi - Fi , I can use my Android Smartphone with a 4 G signal and full - fledged Chrome browser to accomplish the rest .	Wi - Fi	neutral
For places that do n't have Wi - Fi , I can use my Android Smartphone with a 4 G signal and full - fledged Chrome browser to accomplish the rest .	Chrome browser	neutral
their products).This Laptop is lightning fast , the keyboard is a joy to type on , speakers are great , webcam view is clear and the very cool thing about this laptop is the Ultra bay hot swap .	keyboard	neutral
their products).This Laptop is lightning fast , the keyboard is a joy to type on , speakers are great , webcam view is clear and the very cool thing about this laptop is the Ultra bay hot swap .	speakers	neutral
their products).This Laptop is lightning fast , the keyboard is a joy to type on , speakers are great , webcam view is clear and the very cool thing about this laptop is the Ultra bay hot swap .	webcam view	neutral
their products).This Laptop is lightning fast , the keyboard is a joy to type on , speakers are great , webcam view is clear and the very cool thing about this laptop is the Ultra bay hot swap .	Ultra bay hot swap	neutral
a while you miss the keyboard , specially for working .	keyboard	neutral
My one complaint is that I 'd like a few more options in loop size , especially on the larger version .	loop	neutral
My one complaint is that I 'd like a few more options in loop size , especially on the larger version .	size	neutral
The lights on it let you see how much juice is left which is convenient as well .	lights	neutral
The lights on it let you see how much juice is left which is convenient as well .	juice	neutral
You spray the cloth that is included with it and then apply it to the screen .	cloth	neutral
You spray the cloth that is included with it and then apply it to the screen .	screen	neutral
Then there is the battery life	battery life	neutral
The sound was n't great but what do expect at this price .	sound	neutral
The sound was n't great but what do expect at this price .	price	neutral
I hoped it would correct my problem and give me a stronger signal .	signal	neutral
I went out of my way to find a machine that did nt have the intel video card ( like the 15 " version of this same notebook ) because intel 3-d cards are not really 3-d cards .	intel video card	neutral
I went out of my way to find a machine that did nt have the intel video card ( like the 15 " version of this same notebook ) because intel 3-d cards are not really 3-d cards .	intel	neutral
I went out of my way to find a machine that did nt have the intel video card ( like the 15 " version of this same notebook ) because intel 3-d cards are not really 3-d cards .	3-d cards	neutral
Both the HP2133 and this ACER have 92 % sized keyboards .	keyboards	neutral
Only problem is that the audio input requires use of headphone out on computer , which usually disables the built in speakers = less sound .	audio input	neutral
Only problem is that the audio input requires use of headphone out on computer , which usually disables the built in speakers = less sound .	headphone out	neutral
The webcam itself takes very high - quality pictures and video .	webcam	neutral
Easy to install , and at a great price too !	install	neutral
Easy to install , and at a great price too !	price	neutral
I ca n't find drivers for it anywhere either ...	drivers	neutral
Once the case is snapped on .	case	neutral
The adaptor does not fit into the socket .	adaptor	neutral
This case ads almost no additional thickness to the extremely then Samsung Galaxy tab 10 .	thickness	neutral
It lasts at least 5 hours between charges now , it has better battery life than it did when it was new .	battery life	neutral
to get the current drivers .	drivers	neutral
Nor is the cover marked to show which is the front vs back ( top vs bottom is easy to figure out).However ; the real kicker is the fact that its NOT designed for the new 2013 Haswell Macbook Air as the new second mic hole is completely covered by the cover .	mic hole	neutral
First off , I want to mention that while the G74 is kind of marketed as good for games , do n't let that scare you off if you 're just looking for a quality , high end notebook for other uses .	games	neutral
As soon as registering with Dell , I tried updating to Windows 8 .	Windows 8 .	neutral
I 'm sure there are better graphics systems in more expensive laptops , but I have yet to find a game that It wo n't run on Max settings .	graphics systems	neutral
I 'm sure there are better graphics systems in more expensive laptops , but I have yet to find a game that It wo n't run on Max settings .	game	neutral
The compact size and light weight make it very portable .	size	neutral
Those cloths are fabulous !	cloths	neutral
It also includes a migration software for use with windows .	migration software	neutral
It also includes a migration software for use with windows .	windows	neutral
The Microsoft Neoprene case is well made and the only laptop sleeve I could find with handles .	Microsoft Neoprene case	neutral
The Microsoft Neoprene case is well made and the only laptop sleeve I could find with handles .	sleeve	neutral
The Microsoft Neoprene case is well made and the only laptop sleeve I could find with handles .	handles	neutral
The power adapter itself is quite small , and I 've had no issues with either it or the computer itself getting hot while charging or in use .	power adapter	neutral
but then you want to use the pen , then it 's right there .	pen	neutral
You wo n't find a better 1440p monitor for this price , and it probably wo n't be this cheap much longer .	1440p monitor	neutral
You wo n't find a better 1440p monitor for this price , and it probably wo n't be this cheap much longer .	price	neutral
I do n't know how the stock software works , but flashing it with DD - WRT is easy and it works great .	stock software	neutral
I do n't know how the stock software works , but flashing it with DD - WRT is easy and it works great .	DD - WRT	neutral
It works fine with iTunes , Internet Radio , Internet TV , and every other form of computer sound I 've tried .	iTunes	neutral
It works fine with iTunes , Internet Radio , Internet TV , and every other form of computer sound I 've tried .	Internet Radio	neutral
It works fine with iTunes , Internet Radio , Internet TV , and every other form of computer sound I 've tried .	Internet TV	neutral
Excellent quality for such a cheap netbook .	quality	neutral
Decent bass even on low volume .	bass	neutral
The only problem I have with this machine is its screen being too bright .	screen	neutral
/tabsCtrl + Tab to switch tabs ( Actually , I find a better way recently where you can use three fingers and swipe the mousepad left or right to actually select between different window tabs !	mousepad	neutral
/tabsCtrl + Tab to switch tabs ( Actually , I find a better way recently where you can use three fingers and swipe the mousepad left or right to actually select between different window tabs !	window tabs	neutral
but eventually the cable softens over time and bends backwards	cable	neutral
In this way any wifi - enabled computer , tablet , or smartphone using any operating system can take advantage of the outdoor high - gain antenna .	operating system	neutral
In this way any wifi - enabled computer , tablet , or smartphone using any operating system can take advantage of the outdoor high - gain antenna .	high - gain antenna	neutral
The memory stick installed quick and easy .	memory stick	neutral
remove my Blu - ray drive from my work computer , put it into this enclosure and now I have a Blu - ray drive for my home computer .	Blu - ray drive	neutral
remove my Blu - ray drive from my work computer , put it into this enclosure and now I have a Blu - ray drive for my home computer .	Blu - ray drive	neutral
I ve bought at least 4 - 5 HDMI to Thunderbolt cables off of Amazon in the last 2 years and its always the same .	HDMI to Thunderbolt cables	neutral
It really looks like a heavy duty industrial use cable ( unsightly , heavy and hard to hide ) but it works just fine .	industrial use	neutral
It really looks like a heavy duty industrial use cable ( unsightly , heavy and hard to hide ) but it works just fine .	cable	neutral
Lacking any guidance , I just plugged it in , and that was all I needed to do ; it installed its software with no intervention required .	software	neutral
There are properly aligned holes for the camera and microphone .	camera	neutral
There are properly aligned holes for the camera and microphone .	microphone	neutral
Then , I saw a DVI to HDMI adapter and decided to look for HDMI KVM switches instead , and found this one .	DVI to HDMI adapter	neutral
Then , I saw a DVI to HDMI adapter and decided to look for HDMI KVM switches instead , and found this one .	HDMI KVM switches	neutral
Please add a DC power input to make it the best product	DC power input	neutral
No hassle or driver issues .	driver	neutral
My computer is new and I really hope the legendary Asus quality ( well known in making some of the best quality motherboards on the market ) comes through with the reliability	motherboards	neutral
My computer is new and I really hope the legendary Asus quality ( well known in making some of the best quality motherboards on the market ) comes through with the reliability	reliability	neutral
Oddly enough , unplugging it and plugging it back in will bring it back to being centered , but who wants to unplug their monitor every single time they boot their workstation ?	monitor	neutral
Mine is full of streaks after washing it , and if this works better than Windex ( which is what I used ) , I will be happy .	Windex	neutral
But , considering the price , the build quality is satisfactory .	price	neutral
But , considering the price , the build quality is satisfactory .	build quality	neutral
It works great !	works	neutral
I was very pleased with the amplification of my laptop audio with these speakers .	amplification	neutral
I was very pleased with the amplification of my laptop audio with these speakers .	speakers	neutral
I wanted a small case that would 1 ) protect it 2 ) hold the cord and 3 ) stay compact .	case	neutral
I wanted a small case that would 1 ) protect it 2 ) hold the cord and 3 ) stay compact .	cord	neutral
Battery charges devices very slowly .	Battery	neutral
We tried our car chargers , iHome stereos , etc but nothing would charge it except a PC with USB cable .	USB cable	neutral
Still , this was really intended for use with windows laptops ( must support plug - n - play drivers ) .	plug - n - play drivers	neutral
Great for gaming , I use it better than my keyboard , great for wrist support which is main reason why i got it because keyboard angle was hurting me .	gaming	neutral
Great for gaming , I use it better than my keyboard , great for wrist support which is main reason why i got it because keyboard angle was hurting me .	keyboard	neutral
Great for gaming , I use it better than my keyboard , great for wrist support which is main reason why i got it because keyboard angle was hurting me .	wrist support	neutral
Great for gaming , I use it better than my keyboard , great for wrist support which is main reason why i got it because keyboard angle was hurting me .	keyboard angle	neutral
When I put items in the pockets ( VGA adapter , ac adapter extension cord , usb drive , plug adapters for ac adapter ; all fit at the same time ) the case looks kinda silly and haters will hate , but it 's functional so they can shove it .	VGA adapter	neutral
When I put items in the pockets ( VGA adapter , ac adapter extension cord , usb drive , plug adapters for ac adapter ; all fit at the same time ) the case looks kinda silly and haters will hate , but it 's functional so they can shove it .	ac adapter extension cord	neutral
When I put items in the pockets ( VGA adapter , ac adapter extension cord , usb drive , plug adapters for ac adapter ; all fit at the same time ) the case looks kinda silly and haters will hate , but it 's functional so they can shove it .	usb drive	neutral
When I put items in the pockets ( VGA adapter , ac adapter extension cord , usb drive , plug adapters for ac adapter ; all fit at the same time ) the case looks kinda silly and haters will hate , but it 's functional so they can shove it .	plug adapters	neutral
When I put items in the pockets ( VGA adapter , ac adapter extension cord , usb drive , plug adapters for ac adapter ; all fit at the same time ) the case looks kinda silly and haters will hate , but it 's functional so they can shove it .	ac adapter	neutral
When I put items in the pockets ( VGA adapter , ac adapter extension cord , usb drive , plug adapters for ac adapter ; all fit at the same time ) the case looks kinda silly and haters will hate , but it 's functional so they can shove it .	case	neutral
A rubberized base on the speaker helps to keep it in place on whatever surface you place it , a nice feature that also prevents scratching of your furniture .	speaker	neutral
A rubberized base on the speaker helps to keep it in place on whatever surface you place it , a nice feature that also prevents scratching of your furniture .	feature	neutral
If you are not use to Cloud computing you need to take the time to learn !	Cloud computing	neutral
I even have the tiny USB connector sticking out and the zipper passes over top of that .	USB connector	neutral
I even have the tiny USB connector sticking out and the zipper passes over top of that .	zipper	neutral
edit : I 've been using this for about five weeks and it appears the hard drive suddenly died .	hard drive	neutral
I 've notice while it is tablet mode , the processing power is restricted to only 800mhz .	processing power	neutral
Limited Pre - installed Software - Comes with MS Works and a MS PowerPoint ReaderOverall	Pre - installed Software	neutral
Limited Pre - installed Software - Comes with MS Works and a MS PowerPoint ReaderOverall	MS Works	neutral
Limited Pre - installed Software - Comes with MS Works and a MS PowerPoint ReaderOverall	MS PowerPoint ReaderOverall	neutral
The Toshiba video player does n't work .	Toshiba video player	neutral
It works great .	works	neutral
I attribute this to the SS cache drive more than anything else .	SS cache drive	neutral
The cost can be only determined after a physical examination of the product by a service technician to isolate the issue .	cost	neutral
The cost can be only determined after a physical examination of the product by a service technician to isolate the issue .	service technician	neutral
For $ 25 , I would give it Five Stars , but at this price I can only give it three .	price	neutral
You get the unit , a charger , a battery , a wrist strap ( that also works as a handle , very clever ) and a cheap ( poor quality ) case .	charger	neutral
You get the unit , a charger , a battery , a wrist strap ( that also works as a handle , very clever ) and a cheap ( poor quality ) case .	battery	neutral
You get the unit , a charger , a battery , a wrist strap ( that also works as a handle , very clever ) and a cheap ( poor quality ) case .	wrist strap	neutral
You get the unit , a charger , a battery , a wrist strap ( that also works as a handle , very clever ) and a cheap ( poor quality ) case .	handle	neutral
You get the unit , a charger , a battery , a wrist strap ( that also works as a handle , very clever ) and a cheap ( poor quality ) case .	case	neutral
On a recent trip to Italy , these adapters worked perfectly .	adapters	neutral
The screen is a standard resolution 1366 x 768 with 10 point touchscreen , The processor an Haswell i7 Ultra Low Voltage processor , the only way to achieve those battery times .	screen	neutral
The screen is a standard resolution 1366 x 768 with 10 point touchscreen , The processor an Haswell i7 Ultra Low Voltage processor , the only way to achieve those battery times .	touchscreen	neutral
The screen is a standard resolution 1366 x 768 with 10 point touchscreen , The processor an Haswell i7 Ultra Low Voltage processor , the only way to achieve those battery times .	processor	neutral
The screen is a standard resolution 1366 x 768 with 10 point touchscreen , The processor an Haswell i7 Ultra Low Voltage processor , the only way to achieve those battery times .	processor	neutral
You also have to be extra careful when using the keys as it 's easy to inadvertently touch the touchpad and send your typing an earlier part of your letter or project .	keys	neutral
You also have to be extra careful when using the keys as it 's easy to inadvertently touch the touchpad and send your typing an earlier part of your letter or project .	touchpad	neutral
The Everki backpack has more pockets and compartments and very happy with it so far !	pockets	neutral
The Everki backpack has more pockets and compartments and very happy with it so far !	compartments	neutral
Plus the keys are much easier to read and have a better feel for typing .	keys	neutral
The battery fit perfectly into the battery compartment and is holding a charge .	battery	neutral
The battery fit perfectly into the battery compartment and is holding a charge .	battery compartment	neutral
The battery fit perfectly into the battery compartment and is holding a charge .	charge	neutral
First the obvious question , why choose this over a cheaper USB 3 . 0 dock ?	USB 3 . 0 dock	neutral
HD screenLong lasting batterySuper fast Intel Core i5 processorMuch more functionality than iPad3 G or 4 G LTE compatibleReasonably priced for what you getCons	HD screenLong	neutral
HD screenLong lasting batterySuper fast Intel Core i5 processorMuch more functionality than iPad3 G or 4 G LTE compatibleReasonably priced for what you getCons	batterySuper	neutral
HD screenLong lasting batterySuper fast Intel Core i5 processorMuch more functionality than iPad3 G or 4 G LTE compatibleReasonably priced for what you getCons	Intel Core i5 processorMuch	neutral
HD screenLong lasting batterySuper fast Intel Core i5 processorMuch more functionality than iPad3 G or 4 G LTE compatibleReasonably priced for what you getCons	functionality	neutral
I do love the length of this cable though , it is perfect for charging my tablet and phone at my couch .	length	neutral
I do love the length of this cable though , it is perfect for charging my tablet and phone at my couch .	cable	neutral
The tip of this adapter and the original charger tip are the same size , so this adapter is not causing any issues .	tip	neutral
and now I can run 4 USB drives from the one remaining working port on this laptop .	USB drives	neutral
and now I can run 4 USB drives from the one remaining working port on this laptop .	port	neutral
The plug is also effective with my attachabel keyboard .	plug	neutral
The plug is also effective with my attachabel keyboard .	attachabel keyboard	neutral
Had a problem with distortion on the mic when the dongle was plugged in to a USB hub .	mic	neutral
Had a problem with distortion on the mic when the dongle was plugged in to a USB hub .	dongle	neutral
Had a problem with distortion on the mic when the dongle was plugged in to a USB hub .	USB hub	neutral
I 'll be taking mine off and keep my screen naked until I find a similar screen to the Spigen film .	screen	neutral
It has to be installed AFTER the flash 10 . 2 installation in order to work .	flash 10 . 2 installation	neutral
So many business travelers carry these and it is hard to get them in the bag if you are carrying documents as well.*No water bottle holder .	water bottle holder	neutral
The USB plug that powers the device is nice because it allows for something to be plugged in on top of it .	USB plug	neutral
Using the adapter after the drivers are installed is fairly straight forward , just plug in the adapter to a free USB port	adapter	neutral
Using the adapter after the drivers are installed is fairly straight forward , just plug in the adapter to a free USB port	drivers	neutral
Using the adapter after the drivers are installed is fairly straight forward , just plug in the adapter to a free USB port	adapter	neutral
Using the adapter after the drivers are installed is fairly straight forward , just plug in the adapter to a free USB port	USB port	neutral
I mean when you try to bend the wire , it will rebound after some minutes .	wire	neutral
I uploaded a picture to the product page , you can check it out to see the size ... it really is as small as it looks in the default picture .	size	neutral
The quality was n't clear as a 720p camera could produce , but it was still exceptional .	quality	neutral
I also did not like the quality of the case .	quality	neutral
I also did not like the quality of the case .	case	neutral
With the original HDD it took over a minute to reach login , with the samsung I 'm prompted for a password within 10sec of pushing the power button .	HDD	neutral
With the original HDD it took over a minute to reach login , with the samsung I 'm prompted for a password within 10sec of pushing the power button .	power button	neutral
So far I am extremely happy with this one as it is much larger and easier to view .	view	neutral
However , this is highly unusual for a power supply and I have purchased many for different devices and purposes over the years .	power supply	neutral
so I will assume the inverter could not handle the load from the laptop power supply .	inverter	neutral
I opened up my FinalWire AIDA64 Extreme and it told me that the modules are really	FinalWire AIDA64 Extreme	neutral
I opened up my FinalWire AIDA64 Extreme and it told me that the modules are really	modules	neutral
I will put a nice laptop skin on it to cover both - but an $ 1100 + system should not have damage like this .	system	neutral
My son is enjoying this and its ease of connection	connection	neutral
I thought this AE1000 would compliment my E3000 router nicely , but instead it has quite terrible antenna strength .	antenna strength	neutral
It powers and charges and charges the laptop fine but the cord seems a bit flimsy an thinner than stock so keep that in mind .	charges	neutral
It powers and charges and charges the laptop fine but the cord seems a bit flimsy an thinner than stock so keep that in mind .	charges	neutral
It powers and charges and charges the laptop fine but the cord seems a bit flimsy an thinner than stock so keep that in mind .	cord	neutral
I have not bothered to try it , but I 've read that the software from Canon is n't any good .	software from Canon	neutral
Update : Three power cords , all genuine Apple products , have failed now .	power cords	neutral
you may need to slow down the mouse in the controlpanel a bit .	mouse	neutral
you may need to slow down the mouse in the controlpanel a bit .	controlpanel	neutral
Remember the Apple TV commercial where the PC guy is saying " Its fixed this time , trust me " , once for each new Windows release ?	Windows	neutral
The downside : The apps and iPhone connectivity are inconsistent at best .	apps	neutral
The downside : The apps and iPhone connectivity are inconsistent at best .	iPhone connectivity	neutral
I would suggest using the included CD to install the driver .	driver	neutral
Mine uses a AA battery .	AA battery	neutral
This keyboard / case is of sturdy construction .	keyboard / case	neutral
This keyboard / case is of sturdy construction .	construction	neutral
The protection is unparalleled .	protection	neutral
A few reviewers here said their package came with a return label to recycle their old battery , but mine did n't .	battery	neutral
That being said , these speakers have been a great deal since day one .	speakers	neutral
I 've had this battery for several weeks with no problems .	battery	neutral
and I really like Aperture 2 .	Aperture 2	neutral
I bought the new charger to pair with the new battery .	battery	neutral
After installing Office 2011 , I noticed that simply trying to surf the web would result in delays and the " spinning rainbow ball of death " delaying page loadings , etc .	Office 2011	neutral
After installing Office 2011 , I noticed that simply trying to surf the web would result in delays and the " spinning rainbow ball of death " delaying page loadings , etc .	surf the web	neutral
, I hesitate between a one star ( I hate it ) and a two stars ( I do n't like it ) rating because the shoulder strap interference with just about everything you do with the bag is THAT annoying .	shoulder strap	neutral
Charges well , pretty decent length cord , and definitely a lot better quality than the original cord that came with it .	Charges	neutral
Charges well , pretty decent length cord , and definitely a lot better quality than the original cord that came with it .	cord	neutral
This battery continues to perform well after all this time and repeated charges .	battery	neutral
This battery continues to perform well after all this time and repeated charges .	perform	neutral
The bendable neck is not strong enough to support the light itself so anytime I 've plugged it in the light will just fall over .	bendable neck	neutral
I have a dell axim x51v and loaded it with slingmobile	slingmobile	neutral
1 year of great service so far .	service	neutral
This is a very nice feature and " shuts off " the mouse when it is stowed .	feature	neutral
This is a very nice feature and " shuts off " the mouse when it is stowed .	mouse	neutral
After consulting with an online guide for replacing keys ( and after 3 hours of sweating over the tiny pieces ) I got one key back on completely and the other back on most of the way .	keys	neutral
but I felt it made the point that it was not the content at fault .	content	neutral
It worked for both , but I might have replaced the Asus charger with a stock charger instead if it was a laptop for daily use .	stock charger	neutral
works great , if it annoys you .	works	neutral
good for word processing and web surfing .	word processing	neutral
good for word processing and web surfing .	web surfing	neutral
I started with the wireless Mac mouse , which would take a bit of time to be recognized by my iMac .	wireless Mac mouse	neutral
After all that time , and near daily use , it 's still in great shape except for one of the shoulder strap latches that occasionally slips open .	shoulder strap latches	neutral
Also you can not beat the price on this battery ! !	price	neutral
Also you can not beat the price on this battery ! !	battery	neutral
For something that looks like a toy , the sound is good .	sound	neutral
I downloaded the appropriate driver from the website[ ... ]and	driver	neutral
Consumer Reports rates these two brands as having the best performance and very good reliability -- same as Toshiba , second only , by a small margin , to Panasonic .	performance	neutral
Consumer Reports rates these two brands as having the best performance and very good reliability -- same as Toshiba , second only , by a small margin , to Panasonic .	reliability	neutral
the scales up 2x mode from the iphone app makes buttons and text big and friendly .. subscription applies ... with HD graphics and offline maps this would be the best .	HD graphics	neutral
( privately):if you have already download then connect that computer to the port # 1 on the router , then reset the router for 60 minutes using a paperclip .	port	neutral
Intel HD 4400	Intel HD 4400	neutral
Also , the port for charging seems to be dented a little as well .	port for charging	neutral
but this is the real deal and it works great .	works	neutral
I use this with my Cisco 7975 IP phone and it works very well .	works	neutral
There is a small pocket that the charger could go in if needed .	charger	neutral
It is also not strong enoguh to charge my cell phone through the USB / phone cord .	charge	neutral
It is also not strong enoguh to charge my cell phone through the USB / phone cord .	USB / phone cord	neutral
, i wish they were more padded as the more weight i added the more the straps press into me .	weight	neutral
, i wish they were more padded as the more weight i added the more the straps press into me .	straps	neutral
Previously I was always having to make house calls to fix his Windows laptop since there were so many random ways that he could change the settings , drag and drop things to the wrong place , have issues with the internet , etc .	settings	neutral
Previously I was always having to make house calls to fix his Windows laptop since there were so many random ways that he could change the settings , drag and drop things to the wrong place , have issues with the internet , etc .	internet	neutral
This USB adapter works great to plug my sd card reader into my nexus 7 . means the laptop can stay home on the next vacation .	USB adapter	neutral
This USB adapter works great to plug my sd card reader into my nexus 7 . means the laptop can stay home on the next vacation .	sd card reader	neutral
She wanted a surge protector which did n't take up a lot of space	surge protector	neutral
Whether it affects the unit 's long term reliability remains to be seen .	reliability	neutral
color1366x768 High - definition display ( I believe it 's LED - backlit )	color1366x768	neutral
color1366x768 High - definition display ( I believe it 's LED - backlit )	High - definition display	neutral
Works great with things like Google voice calls and video conferencing .	Google voice calls	neutral
This USB wireless adapter seems to work with my Panasonic plasma TV , where a previously tested USB adapter did not .	USB wireless adapter	neutral
This USB wireless adapter seems to work with my Panasonic plasma TV , where a previously tested USB adapter did not .	USB adapter	neutral
The only reason for 4 stars is because I keep getting the X on my battery logo on the menu bar up top .	battery logo	neutral
so I was able to turn this speaker into an Airplay speaker by plugging it into the headphone jack on the Express .	Airplay speaker	neutral
so I was able to turn this speaker into an Airplay speaker by plugging it into the headphone jack on the Express .	headphone jack	neutral
Unfortunately , the star system does n't allow me to give the charger 5 stars for what it does and 0 stars for the false advertising .	star system	neutral
Unfortunately , the star system does n't allow me to give the charger 5 stars for what it does and 0 stars for the false advertising .	charger	neutral
even though it was priced well , it does n't mean it should break in a couple months .	priced	neutral
This is not possible in the Video in the iPad Air.&#9658 ; Comes with Windows Office .	Windows Office	neutral
The stand itself is made of sturdy aluminum ( does not wobble or feel cheap , but is still very lightweight ) with rubber strands that act as grips for the notebook .	stand	neutral
The stand itself is made of sturdy aluminum ( does not wobble or feel cheap , but is still very lightweight ) with rubber strands that act as grips for the notebook .	aluminum	neutral
The stand itself is made of sturdy aluminum ( does not wobble or feel cheap , but is still very lightweight ) with rubber strands that act as grips for the notebook .	rubber strands	neutral
SO I knew I wanted one with Windows 7 on it .	Windows 7	neutral
I am excited.------------PS : I have now used it simultaneously MS Powerpoint , webex , a projector and a company application .	webex	neutral
Love the Ultrabook form factor , keyboard is nice , screen is decent ,	form factor	neutral
Love the Ultrabook form factor , keyboard is nice , screen is decent ,	keyboard	neutral
Love the Ultrabook form factor , keyboard is nice , screen is decent ,	screen	neutral
I had problems with my ESATA enclosure and there is no way to fix .	ESATA enclosure	neutral
For those that are worried about replacing an OEM battery with an aftermarket really should n't be .	battery	neutral
For those that are worried about replacing an OEM battery with an aftermarket really should n't be .	aftermarket	neutral
3 " MacBook Pro in was way less annoying , but that defeats the purpose of the extra size of the case somewhat .	size	neutral
3 " MacBook Pro in was way less annoying , but that defeats the purpose of the extra size of the case somewhat .	case	neutral
I 'm off returning this item and hoping for something of the same price to do n't have these kinds of design flaws .	price	neutral
I 'm off returning this item and hoping for something of the same price to do n't have these kinds of design flaws .	design	neutral
So many of the apps that I have on both my iOS and Android devices are not available from Windows .	apps	neutral
now it 's time to hunt down a good external dvd burner for this computer .	external dvd burner	neutral
SCREEN ANGLE VIEWING POORSeveral other reviews have stated that the screen is very difficult to see if you 're viewing it at an angle , and they are quite correct .	SCREEN ANGLE VIEWING	neutral
SCREEN ANGLE VIEWING POORSeveral other reviews have stated that the screen is very difficult to see if you 're viewing it at an angle , and they are quite correct .	screen	neutral
I had the drive turned off .	drive	neutral
However , there is a jack in the back that you could use to plug in other mp3 players if you have a need for it .	jack	neutral
OCZ Technology 60 GB Agility 3 SATA III Solid State Drive AGT3 - 25SAT3 - 60GI did a fresh load of Windows 7 , and after loading all the device drivers and WindowsUpdates , about 20 GB of drive space was used .	OCZ Technology	neutral
OCZ Technology 60 GB Agility 3 SATA III Solid State Drive AGT3 - 25SAT3 - 60GI did a fresh load of Windows 7 , and after loading all the device drivers and WindowsUpdates , about 20 GB of drive space was used .	60 GB Agility 3 SATA III	neutral
OCZ Technology 60 GB Agility 3 SATA III Solid State Drive AGT3 - 25SAT3 - 60GI did a fresh load of Windows 7 , and after loading all the device drivers and WindowsUpdates , about 20 GB of drive space was used .	Solid State Drive	neutral
OCZ Technology 60 GB Agility 3 SATA III Solid State Drive AGT3 - 25SAT3 - 60GI did a fresh load of Windows 7 , and after loading all the device drivers and WindowsUpdates , about 20 GB of drive space was used .	Windows 7	neutral
OCZ Technology 60 GB Agility 3 SATA III Solid State Drive AGT3 - 25SAT3 - 60GI did a fresh load of Windows 7 , and after loading all the device drivers and WindowsUpdates , about 20 GB of drive space was used .	device drivers	neutral
OCZ Technology 60 GB Agility 3 SATA III Solid State Drive AGT3 - 25SAT3 - 60GI did a fresh load of Windows 7 , and after loading all the device drivers and WindowsUpdates , about 20 GB of drive space was used .	WindowsUpdates	neutral
OCZ Technology 60 GB Agility 3 SATA III Solid State Drive AGT3 - 25SAT3 - 60GI did a fresh load of Windows 7 , and after loading all the device drivers and WindowsUpdates , about 20 GB of drive space was used .	drive space	neutral
I could n't get this unit to work in that configuration .	configuration	neutral
It 's not only reliable , but the padding makes it very comfortable .	padding	neutral
You can adjust the length of the " grabbers " to accommodate your notebook 's dimensions .	length	neutral
You can adjust the length of the " grabbers " to accommodate your notebook 's dimensions .	dimensions	neutral
my be a bit tight when zipping - but this rubber sleeve stretches , so you only need to pull it a bit , and the zipping is easy .	rubber sleeve	neutral
my be a bit tight when zipping - but this rubber sleeve stretches , so you only need to pull it a bit , and the zipping is easy .	zipping	neutral
Unit looked higher quality than I expected but a usb device has malfunctioned and is not recognized error no matter what I plug it into .	usb device	neutral
I really like the white color , and keyboard is n't too crappy .	color	neutral
I really like the white color , and keyboard is n't too crappy .	keyboard	neutral
I actually think a built - in webcam and no mic is the ' best of both worlds ' .	mic	neutral
The thing about Mimo is you can not in anyway shield the cap with the antennas / lights and not expect a performance hit .	cap	neutral
The thing about Mimo is you can not in anyway shield the cap with the antennas / lights and not expect a performance hit .	antennas	neutral
The thing about Mimo is you can not in anyway shield the cap with the antennas / lights and not expect a performance hit .	lights	neutral
The thing about Mimo is you can not in anyway shield the cap with the antennas / lights and not expect a performance hit .	performance	neutral
Came with cd to setup the computer that has windows 7 .	windows 7	neutral
It met my expectation and the quality is good .	quality	neutral
The description shows this as a 5200mAh , but it 's 4400mAh , the same as the stock battery .	battery	neutral
Seriously , with lite usage and careful handling ( as with all of my electronics ) it stopped functioning at just over a year !	handling	neutral
M really hit a home - run with this Gold version of the screen .	screen	neutral
OK , let 's say the grab handle is n't a dealbreaker for you .	grab handle	neutral
Just the right length and flexibility .	length	neutral
Just the right length and flexibility .	flexibility	neutral
Personally , I put SSD cards into an external 3 . 0 dock instead of inside my computer .	SSD cards	neutral
Personally , I put SSD cards into an external 3 . 0 dock instead of inside my computer .	external 3 . 0 dock	neutral
There could be unwanted applications running on your laptop that are utilizing the CPU to a great extent - to find out right click on the task bar and open the Task Manager , click on the CPU % column and find out if any process is consistently consuming more than 3 - 4 % of CPU - if yes , you may need to uninstall that app / virus or whatever is causing it .	applications	neutral
There could be unwanted applications running on your laptop that are utilizing the CPU to a great extent - to find out right click on the task bar and open the Task Manager , click on the CPU % column and find out if any process is consistently consuming more than 3 - 4 % of CPU - if yes , you may need to uninstall that app / virus or whatever is causing it .	CPU	neutral
There could be unwanted applications running on your laptop that are utilizing the CPU to a great extent - to find out right click on the task bar and open the Task Manager , click on the CPU % column and find out if any process is consistently consuming more than 3 - 4 % of CPU - if yes , you may need to uninstall that app / virus or whatever is causing it .	task bar	neutral
There could be unwanted applications running on your laptop that are utilizing the CPU to a great extent - to find out right click on the task bar and open the Task Manager , click on the CPU % column and find out if any process is consistently consuming more than 3 - 4 % of CPU - if yes , you may need to uninstall that app / virus or whatever is causing it .	Task Manager	neutral
There could be unwanted applications running on your laptop that are utilizing the CPU to a great extent - to find out right click on the task bar and open the Task Manager , click on the CPU % column and find out if any process is consistently consuming more than 3 - 4 % of CPU - if yes , you may need to uninstall that app / virus or whatever is causing it .	CPU %	neutral
There could be unwanted applications running on your laptop that are utilizing the CPU to a great extent - to find out right click on the task bar and open the Task Manager , click on the CPU % column and find out if any process is consistently consuming more than 3 - 4 % of CPU - if yes , you may need to uninstall that app / virus or whatever is causing it .	CPU	neutral
The intous can be held in your lap as you recline back , while your head is up looking on the screen .	screen	neutral
If connected hard - drives are full - size , they need their own power supply .	hard - drives	neutral
If connected hard - drives are full - size , they need their own power supply .	power supply	neutral
Important to note , this one does n't have DVI input and max res	DVI input	neutral
Important to note , this one does n't have DVI input and max res	max res	neutral
The color is so rich ( a bit darker than the picture though , but it hardly matters ) and feels great to the touch ; smooth matte feeling .	color	neutral
The slots accept two or three - prong plugs , and unlike some individual adapters I 've had in the past , the slots stayed snug .	slots	neutral
The slots accept two or three - prong plugs , and unlike some individual adapters I 've had in the past , the slots stayed snug .	slots	neutral
And the detachment is so big it takes up the space of my only other usb port .	detachment	neutral
And the detachment is so big it takes up the space of my only other usb port .	usb port	neutral
The Belkin is self powered and has a convenient long corded remote that sits on the table top .	corded remote	neutral
Most tablets with those functions were n't anywhere near my price point , and then you had to buy a keyboard dock on top of that .	price point	neutral
Most tablets with those functions were n't anywhere near my price point , and then you had to buy a keyboard dock on top of that .	keyboard dock	neutral
I think the Sharkk has a much better design and overall look , but the real difference is the sound .	design	neutral
I think the Sharkk has a much better design and overall look , but the real difference is the sound .	look	neutral
I think the Sharkk has a much better design and overall look , but the real difference is the sound .	sound	neutral
This is perfect for a replacement or spare battery .	battery	neutral
I ca n't stand it when I see people complaining about how slow their computer is , but they do n't seem to realize that their daily use requires a faster processor and more memory .	processor	neutral
I ca n't stand it when I see people complaining about how slow their computer is , but they do n't seem to realize that their daily use requires a faster processor and more memory .	memory	neutral
Even my Magic Jack worked with it .	Magic Jack	neutral
Also , not trying to force a standard screw into the shallow VESA mount like a hyped - up gorilla will also save you a lot of time and grief .	screw	neutral
Also , not trying to force a standard screw into the shallow VESA mount like a hyped - up gorilla will also save you a lot of time and grief .	VESA mount	neutral
It works well in most cases and the battery life is really amazing .	works	neutral
It works well in most cases and the battery life is really amazing .	battery life	neutral
Finally , there is an on / off button on the underside of the mouse which you should use to save battery power when you are away from your computer .	on / off button	neutral
Finally , there is an on / off button on the underside of the mouse which you should use to save battery power when you are away from your computer .	mouse	neutral
Finally , there is an on / off button on the underside of the mouse which you should use to save battery power when you are away from your computer .	battery	neutral
With adjustments it sounds good , but it really lacks good clarity and sounds a bit muffled with high end bass type songs .	clarity	neutral
With adjustments it sounds good , but it really lacks good clarity and sounds a bit muffled with high end bass type songs .	bass	neutral
The Case Logic DSLR Photo Backpack is well made and has a well thought out design for your camera equipment and 15 inch laptop .	design	neutral
For under $ 20 you ca n't beat these speakers .	speakers	neutral
And takes enough to make you think to take only the necessary in sense of weight ... no extra stuff ...	weight	neutral
One feature that I like a lot is the flash light .	feature	neutral
One feature that I like a lot is the flash light .	flash light	neutral
If you use a keyboard extensively ultrabooks are the way to go , but forget anything that offers a touchscreen feature it will just annoy you eventually ...	keyboard	neutral
If you use a keyboard extensively ultrabooks are the way to go , but forget anything that offers a touchscreen feature it will just annoy you eventually ...	touchscreen feature	neutral
Wires seem acceptable .	Wires	neutral
I highly recommend buying a spare power supply .	power supply	neutral
This mini - powerstrip allows me to bring fewer outlet type adapters .	outlet type adapters	neutral
great back pack for DSLR 's and other cameras or even camcorders will fit into this bag .	back pack	neutral
I have the wireless & wired version inone , and I can only get the wired configuration to work ( though Ibought it to specifically use for wireless connectivity ) .	wireless & wired	neutral
I have the wireless & wired version inone , and I can only get the wired configuration to work ( though Ibought it to specifically use for wireless connectivity ) .	wired configuration	neutral
I have the wireless & wired version inone , and I can only get the wired configuration to work ( though Ibought it to specifically use for wireless connectivity ) .	wireless connectivity	neutral
But these are minor quibbles and do not jeopardize the five star rating this very well - priced product deserves .	priced	neutral
And Roocase is n't going to respond when you try to get them to honor their warranty !	warranty	neutral
It sometimes hangs in the fabric underneath and the zipper even & # 34;derailed&#34 ; and jammed once which took quite an effort to get back on track .	zipper	neutral
While the chromebook is targeted at Google users it works just as well accessing Outlook .	Outlook	neutral
The only draw back to this model is the analog tuner .	analog tuner	neutral
I 'm not gon na even gon na bother asking for it because I do n't really care for the pouch .	pouch	neutral
So , I wanted to do the same but from my laptop , to do so , I come to amazaon again and I found this Kinivo bluetooth , and I decide to give a try .	Kinivo bluetooth	neutral
For anything not blu - ray , I use VLC ( a free movie / music player that will play basically anything ) .	blu - ray	neutral
For anything not blu - ray , I use VLC ( a free movie / music player that will play basically anything ) .	VLC	neutral
There is no compatibility concerns to worry about .	compatibility	neutral
There are numerous compartments for storing items of all sizes , from the power brick to flash drives .	power brick	neutral
There are numerous compartments for storing items of all sizes , from the power brick to flash drives .	flash drives	neutral
The screen can also tilt forwards and up for easy access , which I also liked .	screen	neutral
A big downside is no android apps are usable in the laptop .	android apps	neutral
I recently bought both this ( the tx transmitter ) and the RX ( receiver ) .	tx transmitter	neutral
I am going to contact Amazon about sending it back , but that would mean I would n't have a computer for days because I disposed of the old battery .	battery	neutral
I even ended up purchasing an additional power adapter for another hard drive .	power adapter	neutral
I even ended up purchasing an additional power adapter for another hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
I decided to get a new cable .	cable	neutral
I have a Dell Latitude , I ordered the charger for and at first I had a charger that would not charge the battery up .	charger	neutral
I have a Dell Latitude , I ordered the charger for and at first I had a charger that would not charge the battery up .	charger	neutral
I have a Dell Latitude , I ordered the charger for and at first I had a charger that would not charge the battery up .	battery	neutral
Only a novice without prior knowledge of webcams would purchase this device .	webcams	neutral
This keeps up with and even tops off my MBPR without killing my car battery .	battery	neutral
With the 13dbi antennas , this number went to over thirty wifi signals .	13dbi antennas	neutral
On the 17 " form factor , it 's very nice on my old eyes .	17 " form factor	neutral
Yeah the trackball is n't fantastic , as other reviewers have said , but it is a 25 $ mouse .	trackball	neutral
It gets the job done , and I have n't had any problems with it from a functionality standpoint !	functionality standpoint	neutral
Shih said the company 's current plans are to launch the Padfone in early 2012 running Ice Cream Sandwich . [ ...	Padfone	neutral
The Female sides lock in your headphones very tightly .	Female sides	neutral
Pair this with the great price	price	neutral
Several Smart TVs and Media players aren&#8217;t equipped with remotes to fully utilize their potential , which is why remotes like the Aerb 2 .	remotes	neutral
Several Smart TVs and Media players aren&#8217;t equipped with remotes to fully utilize their potential , which is why remotes like the Aerb 2 .	remotes	neutral
it looks like an original charger but after 2 weeks it stopped charging so not sure if it really is .	charger	neutral
it looks like an original charger but after 2 weeks it stopped charging so not sure if it really is .	charging	neutral
I suggest you get a silicone keyboard protector for your keys so they do n't wear down and stay like new .	silicone keyboard protector	neutral
I suggest you get a silicone keyboard protector for your keys so they do n't wear down and stay like new .	keys	neutral
Long ago , I had a decent 4 port KVM switch supporting VGA and PS/2 .	4 port	neutral
Long ago , I had a decent 4 port KVM switch supporting VGA and PS/2 .	KVM switch	neutral
Long ago , I had a decent 4 port KVM switch supporting VGA and PS/2 .	VGA	neutral
Long ago , I had a decent 4 port KVM switch supporting VGA and PS/2 .	PS/2	neutral
The size , weight , and price of this device are all in line with expectations .	size	neutral
The size , weight , and price of this device are all in line with expectations .	weight	neutral
The size , weight , and price of this device are all in line with expectations .	price	neutral
quality , functionality and features are top ratings .	quality	neutral
quality , functionality and features are top ratings .	functionality	neutral
quality , functionality and features are top ratings .	features	neutral
: There 's a lot of wiring but that 's unavoidable unless you go wireless .	wiring	neutral
If , however , you are a serious gamer , have a large monitor and high screen resolution , or use an operating system other than Windows , then ( based on other reviews ) this KVM may be too low - tech for you and not work well with your system .	monitor	neutral
If , however , you are a serious gamer , have a large monitor and high screen resolution , or use an operating system other than Windows , then ( based on other reviews ) this KVM may be too low - tech for you and not work well with your system .	screen resolution	neutral
If , however , you are a serious gamer , have a large monitor and high screen resolution , or use an operating system other than Windows , then ( based on other reviews ) this KVM may be too low - tech for you and not work well with your system .	operating system	neutral
If , however , you are a serious gamer , have a large monitor and high screen resolution , or use an operating system other than Windows , then ( based on other reviews ) this KVM may be too low - tech for you and not work well with your system .	Windows	neutral
If , however , you are a serious gamer , have a large monitor and high screen resolution , or use an operating system other than Windows , then ( based on other reviews ) this KVM may be too low - tech for you and not work well with your system .	KVM	neutral
Swivels , zooms , great frame rate , does n't crash my computer when it runs ( does n't eat as much memory as my old one ) , awesome resolution , microphone works just fine .	Swivels	neutral
Swivels , zooms , great frame rate , does n't crash my computer when it runs ( does n't eat as much memory as my old one ) , awesome resolution , microphone works just fine .	zooms	neutral
Swivels , zooms , great frame rate , does n't crash my computer when it runs ( does n't eat as much memory as my old one ) , awesome resolution , microphone works just fine .	frame rate	neutral
Swivels , zooms , great frame rate , does n't crash my computer when it runs ( does n't eat as much memory as my old one ) , awesome resolution , microphone works just fine .	memory	neutral
Swivels , zooms , great frame rate , does n't crash my computer when it runs ( does n't eat as much memory as my old one ) , awesome resolution , microphone works just fine .	resolution	neutral
Swivels , zooms , great frame rate , does n't crash my computer when it runs ( does n't eat as much memory as my old one ) , awesome resolution , microphone works just fine .	microphone	neutral
Please , look a little closer , look at different pictures and shades of color .	color	neutral
Ca n't speak to durability , etc . , but at roughly 1/4th the cost of the similarly designed Apple keyboard , it is a fantastic deal .	durability	neutral
Within 10 minutes I started having display corruption and freezing .	display	neutral
I thought everything was fine and dandy when all of a sudden the mouse stopped working	mouse	neutral
The design is tres cute , as well .	design	neutral
THey needed a solution to run parallel systems , and this flip switch was the answer .	systems	neutral
THey needed a solution to run parallel systems , and this flip switch was the answer .	flip switch	neutral
It was nice to get these speakers and avoid the inevitable matted hair I get with headphones .	speakers	neutral
Windows will ask for this when installing the OS .	OS	neutral
Dualcore AVOID at all cost!)NOTE :	Dualcore	neutral
The TV 's menu system is easy to navigate and has more options than I need .	navigate	neutral
This is not a gaming PC , something for graphics or modeling software , not for any kind of software that takes up a lot of RAM and processing power , and it 's probably not suitable as a main PC for most people .	gaming	neutral
This is not a gaming PC , something for graphics or modeling software , not for any kind of software that takes up a lot of RAM and processing power , and it 's probably not suitable as a main PC for most people .	graphics or	neutral
This is not a gaming PC , something for graphics or modeling software , not for any kind of software that takes up a lot of RAM and processing power , and it 's probably not suitable as a main PC for most people .	modeling software	neutral
This is not a gaming PC , something for graphics or modeling software , not for any kind of software that takes up a lot of RAM and processing power , and it 's probably not suitable as a main PC for most people .	software	neutral
This is not a gaming PC , something for graphics or modeling software , not for any kind of software that takes up a lot of RAM and processing power , and it 's probably not suitable as a main PC for most people .	RAM	neutral
This is not a gaming PC , something for graphics or modeling software , not for any kind of software that takes up a lot of RAM and processing power , and it 's probably not suitable as a main PC for most people .	processing power	neutral
The batterie is great .	batterie	neutral
Installation and configuration was easy and even easier to setup on a WAP2/WEP hidden WiFi Router .	configuration	neutral
Installation and configuration was easy and even easier to setup on a WAP2/WEP hidden WiFi Router .	setup	neutral
Ok , you can escape the strange sound effects by jumping off the sales page in a hurry , but you really should stay long enough to read about this new mouse if you 're in need of a top - notch replacement .	sound	neutral
Ok , you can escape the strange sound effects by jumping off the sales page in a hurry , but you really should stay long enough to read about this new mouse if you 're in need of a top - notch replacement .	mouse	neutral
Student has no complaints , easy to transport chrome book between classes .	transport	neutral
The sleeve then becomes a PITA at the airport - a two step process to take the laptop out for TSA inspection .	sleeve	neutral
The support stinks and the first one I had suffered complete hardware failure within 24 hours .	support	neutral
The support stinks and the first one I had suffered complete hardware failure within 24 hours .	hardware	neutral
The sound playing off the card is great , but I 'm getting a strange glitch between albums , which I think is being caused by invisible Mac files .	sound	neutral
The sound playing off the card is great , but I 'm getting a strange glitch between albums , which I think is being caused by invisible Mac files .	card	neutral
It will actually burn you if you touch it while charging .	charging	neutral
I have not been carrying any really heavy loads , so the strap has worked fine , but I see in a couple other reviews people had the strap clips break on them .	strap	neutral
I have not been carrying any really heavy loads , so the strap has worked fine , but I see in a couple other reviews people had the strap clips break on them .	strap clips	neutral
The base is wide yet the top is gently curved , supporting the hand in a totally comfortable position .	base	neutral
The base is wide yet the top is gently curved , supporting the hand in a totally comfortable position .	top	neutral
The battery cover is flimsy , and the opening mechanism is poorly designed .	battery cover	neutral
The battery cover is flimsy , and the opening mechanism is poorly designed .	opening mechanism	neutral
In other words , my computer will read that it 's charging and then dim because it says it 's not charging even though it 's still plugged in .	charging	neutral
In other words , my computer will read that it 's charging and then dim because it says it 's not charging even though it 's still plugged in .	charging	neutral
They are not any high end , computer speakers by no means at 38W of power .	speakers	neutral
I do n't care about looks , but come on LaCie .	looks	neutral
I bought the same super capacity battery from another vendor last year and only got 2 hours per charge .	battery	neutral
I bought the same super capacity battery from another vendor last year and only got 2 hours per charge .	charge	neutral
Windows 8 is like the Vista or ME dismal failures , hard to use and unstable .	Windows 8	neutral
Windows 8 is like the Vista or ME dismal failures , hard to use and unstable .	Vista	neutral
Windows 8 is like the Vista or ME dismal failures , hard to use and unstable .	use	neutral
It works fine , but now the capacity has decreased almost nearly 1 . 5 yrs after purchasing - still I get easily 2 . 5 hrs backup time on my Inspiron 15 with this battery	capacity	neutral
It works fine , but now the capacity has decreased almost nearly 1 . 5 yrs after purchasing - still I get easily 2 . 5 hrs backup time on my Inspiron 15 with this battery	battery	neutral
This cooling pad is perfect to keep your computer cool .	cooling pad	neutral
I am now looking at the X - Mini Max speakers for portablility .	portablility	neutral
To summarize , here is a list of my " Pros " & " Cons " for these Altec Lansing speakers : PROS >	speakers	neutral
The only complaint is the front facing camera is blocked .	front facing camera	neutral
I wanted different colors so that I could tell the drives apart , but these are completely useless .	colors	neutral
I wanted different colors so that I could tell the drives apart , but these are completely useless .	drives	neutral
Oh , and you still have a fair amount of storage space inside the case : you could probably hold your sunglasses , wallet , and cell phone in there .	storage	neutral
Oh , and you still have a fair amount of storage space inside the case : you could probably hold your sunglasses , wallet , and cell phone in there .	case	neutral
You should think about getting a longer USB and HDMI cord for use .	USB	neutral
You should think about getting a longer USB and HDMI cord for use .	HDMI cord	neutral
This TV is great and it 's even better because of the price , Sears is pricing this puppy for ( ... ) .	price	neutral
The battery is very small , around 3 hours of usage , so make sure you are someone who is always going to have it plugged in , if not , you may need to spend the extra $ 50 and get the Samsung Chromebook which has a 6 hour battery.-	battery	neutral
The battery is very small , around 3 hours of usage , so make sure you are someone who is always going to have it plugged in , if not , you may need to spend the extra $ 50 and get the Samsung Chromebook which has a 6 hour battery.-	battery.-	neutral
and that 's using six AA batteries .	AA batteries	neutral
The battery life is pretty on the weak side , but as mentioned , it is a gaming laptop .	battery life	neutral
The battery life is pretty on the weak side , but as mentioned , it is a gaming laptop .	gaming	neutral
The delete key works intermittently .	delete key	neutral
The neoprene bag has hardly any padding and seems like it would n't absorb any significant shocks .	neoprene bag	neutral
Overall though , a nice portable Bluetooth speaker set with good sound quality given the size , weight , and price .	sound quality	neutral
Overall though , a nice portable Bluetooth speaker set with good sound quality given the size , weight , and price .	size	neutral
Overall though , a nice portable Bluetooth speaker set with good sound quality given the size , weight , and price .	weight	neutral
Overall though , a nice portable Bluetooth speaker set with good sound quality given the size , weight , and price .	price	neutral
That is n't really bad , it just makes it a little bit awkward to hold .	hold	neutral
This was the first time in all the computers I 've owned and used that I 've had to calibrate a screen .	screen	neutral
The temp has dropped from around 76C to around 58C which is very impressive indeed .	temp	neutral
You need the RCA or HDMI cable to connect to your tv	RCA	neutral
You need the RCA or HDMI cable to connect to your tv	HDMI cable	neutral
And by that I mean the build quality on this thing is outrageously good .	build quality	neutral
With the volume all the way up on my IPAD2 , I could adjust the volume easily by just touching the right side earpiece softly .	volume	neutral
With the volume all the way up on my IPAD2 , I could adjust the volume easily by just touching the right side earpiece softly .	volume	neutral
I contacted amazon and was told to contact customer support at Samsung .	customer support at Samsung	neutral
I broke my flex cable while replacing the screen and found this one at a great .	flex cable	neutral
I broke my flex cable while replacing the screen and found this one at a great .	screen	neutral
Is it the $ 999 64 GB model ?	64 GB	neutral
For the price , I 'm willing to put up with a little product placement .	price	neutral
Even when turned up much louder , the sound it still pretty good with very little to no noise or distortion from the speakers .	sound	neutral
Even when turned up much louder , the sound it still pretty good with very little to no noise or distortion from the speakers .	speakers	neutral
It has n't failed yet though so that s good for the price we paid .	price	neutral
I simply inserted the mini CD that came with the adapter and the dongle installed quickly from there .	adapter	neutral
I simply inserted the mini CD that came with the adapter and the dongle installed quickly from there .	dongle	neutral
It has problems detecting the fan causing it to bluescreen and crash over this while running about 3 times per week and still can not run the fingerprint reader .	fan	neutral
It has problems detecting the fan causing it to bluescreen and crash over this while running about 3 times per week and still can not run the fingerprint reader .	fingerprint reader	neutral
Toshiba wanted over 100 dollars for a battery from them , I only paid a little over 300 for the laptop which will last me a good long time for what I do on it that it seemed stupid to spend the 100 + dollars on it .	battery	neutral
and my 4 lenses and a Mic in the lower compartment .	Mic	neutral
The non - glare LCD is easy on the eyes , although dimmer than other non - glare LCD 's I 've seen ( this is likely not due to age , since I read similar comments written back in 2007 when the T61 was first released ) .	non - glare LCD	neutral
The non - glare LCD is easy on the eyes , although dimmer than other non - glare LCD 's I 've seen ( this is likely not due to age , since I read similar comments written back in 2007 when the T61 was first released ) .	non	neutral
Just make sure your video card does n't cover up your slot like mine did .	video card	neutral
Just make sure your video card does n't cover up your slot like mine did .	slot	neutral
After having preciously purchased one of these from another vendor and having to return it for lack of a driver , I was a bit leery .	driver	neutral
This cable works well .	cable	neutral
battery i replaced got	battery	neutral
I would highly commend it just for the comfort of the keyboard and the nice back lit keyboard .	keyboard	neutral
Granted , the NolaN Mic does not place any stress load like playing music , but I an pleased .	NolaN Mic	neutral
the name implies the " Cables - To - Go 7-Port USB 2 . 0	Cables	neutral
the name implies the " Cables - To - Go 7-Port USB 2 . 0	7-Port USB 2 . 0	neutral
I did n't pay enough attention to the fact that it was going to be larger since it 's a 6 cell .	6 cell	neutral
Next , I found a single ZIP file at the manufacturer 's website , containing only 2 drivers ( again , no easy instructions of which one should be used , however , it 's easier to pick one between 2 instead of between 10 from the CD).After installing one of the drivers , I stopped getting blue - screen , but Windows reported issues on one of the USB ports .	drivers	neutral
Next , I found a single ZIP file at the manufacturer 's website , containing only 2 drivers ( again , no easy instructions of which one should be used , however , it 's easier to pick one between 2 instead of between 10 from the CD).After installing one of the drivers , I stopped getting blue - screen , but Windows reported issues on one of the USB ports .	drivers	neutral
Next , I found a single ZIP file at the manufacturer 's website , containing only 2 drivers ( again , no easy instructions of which one should be used , however , it 's easier to pick one between 2 instead of between 10 from the CD).After installing one of the drivers , I stopped getting blue - screen , but Windows reported issues on one of the USB ports .	Windows	neutral
Next , I found a single ZIP file at the manufacturer 's website , containing only 2 drivers ( again , no easy instructions of which one should be used , however , it 's easier to pick one between 2 instead of between 10 from the CD).After installing one of the drivers , I stopped getting blue - screen , but Windows reported issues on one of the USB ports .	USB ports	neutral
Very bad for trying to find buttons in the dark or through eyes that have n't adjusted to the morning light yet .	buttons	neutral
Apps are always opened in a browser .	Apps	neutral
So far 2hrs of battery life & that s an improvement over my old batteryworth it	battery life	neutral
So far 2hrs of battery life & that s an improvement over my old batteryworth it	batteryworth	neutral
But , you can play games on low , experience good video viewing , comfortable document processing , and fairly fast web surfing .	games	neutral
But , you can play games on low , experience good video viewing , comfortable document processing , and fairly fast web surfing .	video viewing	neutral
But , you can play games on low , experience good video viewing , comfortable document processing , and fairly fast web surfing .	document processing	neutral
But , you can play games on low , experience good video viewing , comfortable document processing , and fairly fast web surfing .	web surfing	neutral
Disregard the gamer look , it works perfectly in regular work situation ( we do office documents , programming , design , video editing ) .	gamer look	neutral
Disregard the gamer look , it works perfectly in regular work situation ( we do office documents , programming , design , video editing ) .	office documents	neutral
Disregard the gamer look , it works perfectly in regular work situation ( we do office documents , programming , design , video editing ) .	design	neutral
Both ram ( max 12 gb ) and 2 . 5 drive bay is accessible by unlocking a few screws .	ram	neutral
Both ram ( max 12 gb ) and 2 . 5 drive bay is accessible by unlocking a few screws .	2 . 5 drive bay	neutral
Great price .	price	neutral
it 's perfect for charging my GS3 in its Otterbox comuter using the Amazon brand 2 .	charging	neutral
After having my laptop for 2 years the battery totally went kapoot on me .	battery	neutral
Using a microSD card ( I tested a 16 GB one ) filled with MP3s , you can playback music directly off the memory stick .	microSD card	neutral
Using a microSD card ( I tested a 16 GB one ) filled with MP3s , you can playback music directly off the memory stick .	memory stick	neutral
But the construction quality is quite poor for a brand - name product .	construction quality	neutral
I also tested it on video and gaming , and I 'd say overall the sound quality is average	gaming	neutral
I also tested it on video and gaming , and I 'd say overall the sound quality is average	sound quality	neutral
They were important keys ( enter , backspace , escape , and more ) so I had to do something .	keys	neutral
They were important keys ( enter , backspace , escape , and more ) so I had to do something .	backspace	neutral
Must admit that I do revert to using a mouse when using the computer at home ... call it years of conditioning .	mouse	neutral
Loud speakers with great bass , mic works better than expected ( noise canceling , only picks up voice and not typing/	speakers	neutral
Loud speakers with great bass , mic works better than expected ( noise canceling , only picks up voice and not typing/	bass	neutral
Loud speakers with great bass , mic works better than expected ( noise canceling , only picks up voice and not typing/	mic	neutral
Boot time is less than 10 seconds .	Boot time	neutral
Edited to update : This mouse has held up well under a few years of constant use and abuse , and shows no signs of slowing down or wearing out .	mouse	neutral
Still though , as a package deal , the speaker is bumping !	speaker	neutral
The HF20 is a pretty great AVCHD camcorder , especially for the price , and I just wanted to share a couple things I noticed as well as a couple of add - ons that I 've tested myself that greatly enhance the experience .	price	neutral
Actually , no shipping charge and fast , too .	shipping charge	neutral
The key thing with any hub especially a usb 3 hub is speed which I must say is amazing with this hub .	usb 3 hub	neutral
The key thing with any hub especially a usb 3 hub is speed which I must say is amazing with this hub .	speed	neutral
I had to study the listings for this adapter carefully to determine what I was going to get .	adapter	neutral
Overall , has a little bit of a cheap feel to it .	feel	neutral
Installed this in a system that dual boots Ubuntu 12 . 04 and Win XP .	Ubuntu 12 .	neutral
Installed this in a system that dual boots Ubuntu 12 . 04 and Win XP .	Win XP	neutral
However , if you need a long VGA with audio to VGA then this item is perfectly acceptable and at a good price .	VGA	neutral
However , if you need a long VGA with audio to VGA then this item is perfectly acceptable and at a good price .	audio to VGA	neutral
However , if you need a long VGA with audio to VGA then this item is perfectly acceptable and at a good price .	price	neutral
Or stop producing this adapter because it is just not working .	adapter	neutral
Poor battery life .	battery life	neutral
On such an awesome laptop , Win 8 is really a waste ( Its good for touch screen laptops but not for non - touch one 's ) .	Win 8	neutral
This computer is loaded with features : fancy touch buttons , a built in webcam , a fingerprint reader , etc .	features	neutral
This computer is loaded with features : fancy touch buttons , a built in webcam , a fingerprint reader , etc .	touch buttons	neutral
This computer is loaded with features : fancy touch buttons , a built in webcam , a fingerprint reader , etc .	fingerprint reader	neutral
I 've made the switch to this Toshiba Satellite for the bargain price of $ 749 and I do not regret it one bit .	price	neutral
My first try to buy a battery for a laptop ( my wifes ) and instead of ordering from Dell where i purchased my computer & laptop !	battery	neutral
I really do n't get what makes it a " magic " fiber , and why two pieces of cloth should cost $ 6 .	cloth	neutral
The whole idea of this " Rugged " drive is the protection from getting banged up .	drive	neutral
I 'm not a big fan of windows 8 , but I 'm starting to get used to it .	windows 8	neutral
and now it sits snuggly on the side of my computer tower.\Kinda wish they made this wire in various sizes cause for some of us , longer wire would actually be better .	wire	neutral
and now it sits snuggly on the side of my computer tower.\Kinda wish they made this wire in various sizes cause for some of us , longer wire would actually be better .	wire	neutral
The zippers are heavy duty and work smoothly .	zippers	neutral
I do still like a wireless mouse though .	wireless mouse	neutral
This model only allows for one signal source .	signal source	neutral
Also with USB port I am sure there will be enough power for cooling fan .	USB port	neutral
Also with USB port I am sure there will be enough power for cooling fan .	cooling fan	neutral
Has been a wonderful replacement battery for my laptop .	battery	neutral
The screen is bright and clear .	screen	neutral
But the Xboom , when folded , is a bit smaller and more compact , and it 's On / Off and Volume switches are easier to use .	Volume switches	neutral
TEW-652BRP does n't have USB or Gig ports .	USB	neutral
TEW-652BRP does n't have USB or Gig ports .	Gig ports	neutral
when I first purchased this charger / adapter , I would have given it 5 stars .	charger / adapter	neutral
The ergonomic design helps pulling this bag easily even with loads of stuff in it .	design	neutral
You can zip the iPod inside the unit and control the volume , skip backward or forward through tracks , etc .	volume	neutral
The hide - away tripod holder works well when you need it , and is out of the way when you do n't .	hide - away tripod holder	neutral
I currently use it for my flash drives and my over sized laptop charger and there is still plenty of room left to be used .	flash drives	neutral
Great Price and an awesome monitor , thin , light and good colors , works for office or games well .	Price	neutral
Great Price and an awesome monitor , thin , light and good colors , works for office or games well .	monitor	neutral
Great Price and an awesome monitor , thin , light and good colors , works for office or games well .	colors	neutral
Great Price and an awesome monitor , thin , light and good colors , works for office or games well .	games	neutral
but I do like Itunes .	Itunes	neutral
There is no convenient place to store the charger .	charger	neutral
This cover is ok .	cover	neutral
I have three desktops using quad core AMD processors for my animation hobby and boinc projects .	quad core AMD processors	neutral
The 4 settings were clear for normal , red for bass boost ( which was the one I used , love bass , ca n't get enough bass and with the right settings on whatever you are playing your music on it 's a bass head 's dream ) , blue for bass / treble boost ( which also sounds awesome btw and may be the actual best setting depending on the individual ) and the purple setting which is like power	bass boost	neutral
The 4 settings were clear for normal , red for bass boost ( which was the one I used , love bass , ca n't get enough bass and with the right settings on whatever you are playing your music on it 's a bass head 's dream ) , blue for bass / treble boost ( which also sounds awesome btw and may be the actual best setting depending on the individual ) and the purple setting which is like power	bass	neutral
The 4 settings were clear for normal , red for bass boost ( which was the one I used , love bass , ca n't get enough bass and with the right settings on whatever you are playing your music on it 's a bass head 's dream ) , blue for bass / treble boost ( which also sounds awesome btw and may be the actual best setting depending on the individual ) and the purple setting which is like power	bass	neutral
The 4 settings were clear for normal , red for bass boost ( which was the one I used , love bass , ca n't get enough bass and with the right settings on whatever you are playing your music on it 's a bass head 's dream ) , blue for bass / treble boost ( which also sounds awesome btw and may be the actual best setting depending on the individual ) and the purple setting which is like power	bass /	neutral
The 4 settings were clear for normal , red for bass boost ( which was the one I used , love bass , ca n't get enough bass and with the right settings on whatever you are playing your music on it 's a bass head 's dream ) , blue for bass / treble boost ( which also sounds awesome btw and may be the actual best setting depending on the individual ) and the purple setting which is like power	treble boost	neutral
The 4 settings were clear for normal , red for bass boost ( which was the one I used , love bass , ca n't get enough bass and with the right settings on whatever you are playing your music on it 's a bass head 's dream ) , blue for bass / treble boost ( which also sounds awesome btw and may be the actual best setting depending on the individual ) and the purple setting which is like power	power	neutral
Wagan offers suggestions what to do , among others ~ move the T. V. away from the inverter by running an extension cordbetween the inverter and	T. V.	neutral
Wagan offers suggestions what to do , among others ~ move the T. V. away from the inverter by running an extension cordbetween the inverter and	inverter	neutral
Wagan offers suggestions what to do , among others ~ move the T. V. away from the inverter by running an extension cordbetween the inverter and	inverter	neutral
The only thing that could be improved is if there was some additional padding on the bottom .	padding	neutral
The only thing that could be improved is if there was some additional padding on the bottom .	bottom	neutral
The windows configuration software was a bit cheesy .	windows configuration software	neutral
Storage pockets everywhere they could find a place to put one	Storage pockets	neutral
Setup was a snap .	Setup	neutral
SUCTION CUP BASE :	SUCTION CUP BASE	neutral
Both work fine in my Camera using the HD Video mode .	HD Video mode	neutral
This is how many batteries go bad and may lead to poor reviews .	batteries	neutral
The buttons are smallish and stiff so that might be part of the issue people had .	buttons	neutral
We have this plugged into our laptop utilizing one of our laptop USB ports to power it .	USB ports	neutral
The installation instructions contained a few drawings and virtually no words .	installation instructions	neutral
This is superior to the cheapest similar speakers I tried , but it is n't as good as the more premium ones .	speakers	neutral
This netbook sleeve from Case Logic has some nice features over the one that I have been using from Amazon Basics .	features	neutral
short , but works perfectly fine , seller was great , shipping was a bit slow , but I was n't in a hurry anyway	shipping	neutral
Hopefully the next Xbox or PS4 will have better support for monitors .	support	neutral
Hopefully the next Xbox or PS4 will have better support for monitors .	monitors	neutral
I 'm using it to charge my Galaxy SII and Galaxy tablet .	charge	neutral
A few years ago I discovered the IPazzPort and have used since .	IPazzPort	neutral
The internet ever decides to not work on your chromebook , you could be in a tight spot of you need something from your docs in the one of the apps that is web based .	apps	neutral
I built a new PC using a Challenger case made by Rosewill that had a USB	case	neutral
I built a new PC using a Challenger case made by Rosewill that had a USB	USB	neutral
For thumb drives or other items you have that require less than 100mA , or have their own power supply , you will not need to use the supplied power cable .	power supply	neutral
It plays great on my laptop computer running xp .	plays	neutral
If I take a long trip I 'll just buy a handful of SD chips , along with the two batteries I already own , and shoot away .	SD chips	neutral
If I take a long trip I 'll just buy a handful of SD chips , along with the two batteries I already own , and shoot away .	batteries	neutral
I found that I was often connecting USB connnectors to my laptop to perform these I / O functions .	USB connnectors	neutral
I found that I was often connecting USB connnectors to my laptop to perform these I / O functions .	I / O functions	neutral
Easy access	access	neutral
My only real complaint is the CPU .	CPU	neutral
In fact my original review was already wary of wifi issues	wifi	neutral
Most netbook keyboards feel so cramped that I ca n't type , however that 's not the case here .	keyboards	neutral
The primary use for this webcam is through Skype / XSplit ( broadcasting program ) and I 've had no complaints or the same problems such as grainy effects , slow speeds @ 1080p , etc . running it on a i7 - 3770 K gaming computer with 35/5 internet .	webcam	neutral
The primary use for this webcam is through Skype / XSplit ( broadcasting program ) and I 've had no complaints or the same problems such as grainy effects , slow speeds @ 1080p , etc . running it on a i7 - 3770 K gaming computer with 35/5 internet .	speeds	neutral
I used Win8 at work without touch and	Win8	neutral
After searching online , I finally found a ZAGG folio for half that price and ordered it .	price	neutral
Hardware wise its worth every cent .	Hardware	neutral
GOALS : 1 ) Do n't use your Main MS Account as an " Adminitrator " but instead " standard"2 )	MS Account	neutral
There 's no Caps Lock button , which I thought was odd ; it 's instead been replaced with a search key that will prompt a Google search when hit .	Caps Lock button	neutral
There 's no Caps Lock button , which I thought was odd ; it 's instead been replaced with a search key that will prompt a Google search when hit .	search key	neutral
I needed something that would allow the sound volume to be increased for a set of headphones plugged into the speakers .	sound volume	neutral
I needed something that would allow the sound volume to be increased for a set of headphones plugged into the speakers .	speakers	neutral
but it did that before the new charger .	charger	neutral
I do n't understand why belkins does n't provide any firmware upgrade on this device .	firmware upgrade	neutral
I used Dropbox instead of hard copy text books and DB works well w / this CB .	Dropbox	neutral
I used theTranscend JM667QSU-2 G 2 GB JetRam	2 GB JetRam	neutral
When I double tap and drag the mouse goes whereever it wants too .	mouse	neutral
there also do n't work keyboard shortcuts for windows .	keyboard shortcuts for windows	neutral
However , I do not know if we have any service centers in your region .	service centers	neutral
My machine detected it and installed the drivers with out any extra work from me .	drivers	neutral
I love the night light on the remote .	night light	neutral
I love the night light on the remote .	remote	neutral
It seems that the 4 GB of RAM and the Haswell processor give the C720 enough horsepower to handle this load .	4 GB of RAM	neutral
It seems that the 4 GB of RAM and the Haswell processor give the C720 enough horsepower to handle this load .	Haswell processor	neutral
While it takes the input from the 102 buttons just fine , if you strum , the adapter dies .	adapter	neutral
The velcro attachments make it possible to move equipment around to suit sizes , especially for lenses.-	velcro attachments	neutral
So far it has been working as expected for a great price .	price	neutral
The bag is so well padded , however , that it is n't needed .	padded	neutral
The slickness on the bare screen makes my writing even messier than it already is .	screen	neutral
80-Plus certification means the power supply runs efficiently , doing the best it can to use as little power as necessary so your utility bills do n't skyrocket .	power supply	neutral
I did a youtube look up on hdd v. s	hdd v. s	neutral
The cable lasted a few weeks and then quit working .	cable	neutral
I 've been using this card for nearly a year now	card	neutral
So , in that spirit I will say : As much as I dislike Windows 8 , the Dell Inspiron with its touchscreen seems to be exactly what Microsoft was hoping someone would build .	Windows 8	neutral
So , in that spirit I will say : As much as I dislike Windows 8 , the Dell Inspiron with its touchscreen seems to be exactly what Microsoft was hoping someone would build .	touchscreen	neutral
So it appears to me that incorporating a small battery is a simple solution .	battery	neutral
Linux was a breeze and allows you to re - size an existing partition .	Linux	neutral
I game a lot and if your on the fence trying to determine if I should upgrade memory or not , upgrade .	memory	neutral
The laptop has 32 GM maximum memory installation slots , and 2 hard drive bay , this is really cool.(3 )	memory installation slots	neutral
The laptop has 32 GM maximum memory installation slots , and 2 hard drive bay , this is really cool.(3 )	hard drive bay	neutral
There are three USB 3 . 0 ports , which is a lot for an ultrabook .	USB 3 . 0 ports	neutral
I have a few graphic intense layouts to get to	layouts	neutral
this is a bright LED light .	LED light	neutral
The mid - range and high - range sounds are acceptable , but the lower range of the sub - woofer is boomy , not acceptable to persons who are used to listening to good speakers ' sound .	mid	neutral
The mid - range and high - range sounds are acceptable , but the lower range of the sub - woofer is boomy , not acceptable to persons who are used to listening to good speakers ' sound .	speakers	neutral
The main reason I returned the Rii mini i13 is that the battery simply does n't hold a charge .	battery	neutral
The main reason I returned the Rii mini i13 is that the battery simply does n't hold a charge .	charge	neutral
And if you need more buttons than the 22 provided , assign a button on your mouse to ctrl or alt for a modifier .	buttons	neutral
And if you need more buttons than the 22 provided , assign a button on your mouse to ctrl or alt for a modifier .	mouse	neutral
High quality .	quality	neutral
The color is true to the picture , which I got purple and it 's more of a lavender ( as shown ) .	color	neutral
The charger is working fine and have had no problems .	charger	neutral
Very fine threads take extreem care to screw together , but when done correctly you have a tight sealed fit .	threads	neutral
I am happy with it so far and for my purposes the cable is long enough too with room to spare .	cable	neutral
I like the design , and it fits at the bottom of my case .	design	neutral
The first i had for about 3 years before the drive failed	drive	neutral
In fact , I shut the machine down before pulling the USB cable just to be safe .	USB cable	neutral
I tried a competing brand of cooling pad and while it worked okay , the fan still ran continuously and eventually the cord that plugs into the USB frayed and broke .	cooling pad	neutral
I tried a competing brand of cooling pad and while it worked okay , the fan still ran continuously and eventually the cord that plugs into the USB frayed and broke .	fan	neutral
I tried a competing brand of cooling pad and while it worked okay , the fan still ran continuously and eventually the cord that plugs into the USB frayed and broke .	cord	neutral
Antonline , the seller of this product , has so far only replied to my refund request with an auto - generated " send it back to the manufacturer for warranty service " email .	warranty service	neutral
Although some feel that it does n't have a real leather look I think it has a very professional look .	leather look	neutral
It is poorly built , so even though it fits , the edges of the keys go slightly up , which makes typing a pain because it really slows you down .	built	neutral
It is poorly built , so even though it fits , the edges of the keys go slightly up , which makes typing a pain because it really slows you down .	edges	neutral
It is poorly built , so even though it fits , the edges of the keys go slightly up , which makes typing a pain because it really slows you down .	keys	neutral
No , it does n't sound like a stereo system but the sound is much better than you might expect .	sound	neutral
I pulled off the back cover and tightened a screw that held it in place .	back cover	neutral
The corners of this case is more rounded than the Transformer , so although there 's 1/2 " extra on both of the sides , the corner just fits .	corners	neutral
Our computer is only 32 bit and using windows	windows	neutral
The Simply Vibe SV - X6U1 also plays MP3 's on other media , and has an SD card slot , and USB connector for flash memory drives on the right side panel .	SD card slot	neutral
The Simply Vibe SV - X6U1 also plays MP3 's on other media , and has an SD card slot , and USB connector for flash memory drives on the right side panel .	USB connector for	neutral
The Simply Vibe SV - X6U1 also plays MP3 's on other media , and has an SD card slot , and USB connector for flash memory drives on the right side panel .	flash memory drives	neutral
When I got this display	display	neutral
The next great American Novel is going to come out of me and this system , you just watch !	system	neutral
I am using this cable to connectEFORCITY VGA to S - Video	VGA to	neutral
I am using this cable to connectEFORCITY VGA to S - Video	S - Video	neutral
iTunes in the background or jamming out loud is very clear and full sounding for a laptop speaker .	iTunes	neutral
Prints look JUST like the SCREEN!!Pretty easy to understand for anyone ..	SCREEN!!Pretty	neutral
Using the Windows Found New Hardware Wizard , set up the adapter.-Say	Windows Found	neutral
Using the Windows Found New Hardware Wizard , set up the adapter.-Say	Hardware Wizard	neutral
Using the Windows Found New Hardware Wizard , set up the adapter.-Say	adapter.-Say	neutral
It is the weak point of most cooling pads .	cooling pads	neutral
Few quirky problems such as a message that says ' Power plugged in but not charging ' once in a way	Power	neutral
Few quirky problems such as a message that says ' Power plugged in but not charging ' once in a way	charging	neutral
At first both volume and pause worked .	volume	neutral
At first both volume and pause worked .	pause	neutral
After having it for about a month and after attempting to make sure I calibrate the battery for optimal performance , it only holds a full charge for 2 - 3 hours maximum .	battery	neutral
After having it for about a month and after attempting to make sure I calibrate the battery for optimal performance , it only holds a full charge for 2 - 3 hours maximum .	performance	neutral
After having it for about a month and after attempting to make sure I calibrate the battery for optimal performance , it only holds a full charge for 2 - 3 hours maximum .	charge	neutral
Even better , it activates with a simple button press on front of the tablet to switch between pen / touch.-Very lightweight and portable , great for a laptop and travel !	pen	neutral
Amazing laptop for the price .	price	neutral
Bios installed was terrible ( Could n't even set boot sequence . )	Bios	neutral
Bios installed was terrible ( Could n't even set boot sequence . )	boot sequence	neutral
They really had three different drivers ( Sides , Rear , and fronts ) and sub that convinced me pretty well where things were at and bumped as well .	drivers	neutral
This was cheap enough that I could buy this and use it as a second BT keyboard if it did n't work out .	BT keyboard	neutral
ASUS absolutely would not mail me the replacement clip , they would only accept a return for repair .	clip	neutral
This cable is nice quality , and is nicely priced .	priced	neutral
But due to the size , I keep this on a table .	size	neutral
Based on this experience I do n't think this battery is adequate my Tripps	battery	neutral
its not super tight the cord falls out frequently.*Pros --	cord	neutral
Replaced a Mac with a 1/3 the price desktop all - in - one PC that did n't have bluetooth .	bluetooth	neutral
I was really suprised about how hefty the design is .	design	neutral
The hard drive is not very secure once inserted , somewhat floppy , but as long as you wo n't tounch it during operation , it should be fine .	hard drive	neutral
( You need the software to bring the command key to the right place and to get " num lock " to work . )	software	neutral
( You need the software to bring the command key to the right place and to get " num lock " to work . )	command key	neutral
( You need the software to bring the command key to the right place and to get " num lock " to work . )	num lock	neutral
Where to start , well the 13&#34 ; MacBook Pro is just the right size for	size	neutral
You can inset an sd card easily by lifting the docked macbook and going from under to slip in the memory card , however there is a shape cut out to fit the sd card and comes down inches so while you can push a card in while docked , it is nearly impossible to remove it unles your using tweezers .	sd card	neutral
You can inset an sd card easily by lifting the docked macbook and going from under to slip in the memory card , however there is a shape cut out to fit the sd card and comes down inches so while you can push a card in while docked , it is nearly impossible to remove it unles your using tweezers .	memory card	neutral
You can inset an sd card easily by lifting the docked macbook and going from under to slip in the memory card , however there is a shape cut out to fit the sd card and comes down inches so while you can push a card in while docked , it is nearly impossible to remove it unles your using tweezers .	sd card	neutral
Contrary to what I had read in Windows 7 reviews , it 's much more resource - intensive than XP .	Windows 7	neutral
Contrary to what I had read in Windows 7 reviews , it 's much more resource - intensive than XP .	XP	neutral
This model does NOT have Bluetooth .	Bluetooth	neutral
Overall , even with just connecting to my & # 34;N&#34 ; network , I am very happy with the performance and reception ...	performance	neutral
Overall , even with just connecting to my & # 34;N&#34 ; network , I am very happy with the performance and reception ...	reception	neutral
Maybe the price is so low here because they are discontinuing it .	price	neutral
I now get over 2 hours of power , which is as good as when I first got my laptop .	power	neutral
Massive CFM but quiet flow .	flow	neutral
The G13 handles like a section of keyboard with a palm rest and odd key placements .	keyboard	neutral
The G13 handles like a section of keyboard with a palm rest and odd key placements .	palm rest	neutral
The G13 handles like a section of keyboard with a palm rest and odd key placements .	key placements	neutral
so the inside compartment has a padded sleeve with a strap .	sleeve	neutral
so the inside compartment has a padded sleeve with a strap .	strap	neutral
Recommended straight plug adapter : Zuwelyu USB 2 .	straight plug adapter	neutral
Recommended straight plug adapter : Zuwelyu USB 2 .	USB 2	neutral
I purchased a Blue Ant speaker a few years back and had since written off bluetooth speakers until I heard a Jawbone Jambox .	Blue Ant speaker	neutral
I purchased a Blue Ant speaker a few years back and had since written off bluetooth speakers until I heard a Jawbone Jambox .	bluetooth speakers	neutral
Sparse instructions , so you have to figure out the intended purpose for some straps & pockets .	instructions	neutral
Sparse instructions , so you have to figure out the intended purpose for some straps & pockets .	straps	neutral
Sparse instructions , so you have to figure out the intended purpose for some straps & pockets .	pockets	neutral
Please let me know if anyone found the same Wi - Fi issue .	Wi - Fi	neutral
DC cable has a velcro tie integrated on it , which is convenient , and a small pouch to carry it in , which further prevents tangles .	DC cable	neutral
Fits my power adapter , mouse & pad , some pens , a notepad and all of the paperwork and software discs that came with the computer .	power adapter	neutral
Fits my power adapter , mouse & pad , some pens , a notepad and all of the paperwork and software discs that came with the computer .	mouse & pad	neutral
Fits my power adapter , mouse & pad , some pens , a notepad and all of the paperwork and software discs that came with the computer .	software discs	neutral
The adapters behave slightly differently	adapters	neutral
One feature	feature	neutral
Pros : it works as advertised , lightweight , Apple keys .	Apple keys	neutral
It makes a great spot to put your wireless mouse though .	wireless mouse	neutral
Getting rid of the extra partitions requires additional software and is a chore .	software	neutral
I was a little sceptical about a USB based docking station .	USB based docking station	neutral
The touchscreen of the Book 9 really makes the operating system easier to work with .	touchscreen	neutral
The touchscreen of the Book 9 really makes the operating system easier to work with .	operating system	neutral
I just tried out the music feature on the Kindle and the rooCase does not seem to mute the music .	music feature	neutral
I just tried out the music feature on the Kindle and the rooCase does not seem to mute the music .	rooCase	neutral
I love the feel of the mouse in my hand .	mouse	neutral
Finding the name and type of the mini - port on the back of the machine is similarly impossible : although the user guide shows the front , left , and rights sides of the computer with the names of all the ports , they completely forgot to show the rear view , which is where the port in question is located !	mini - port	neutral
Finding the name and type of the mini - port on the back of the machine is similarly impossible : although the user guide shows the front , left , and rights sides of the computer with the names of all the ports , they completely forgot to show the rear view , which is where the port in question is located !	ports	neutral
Finding the name and type of the mini - port on the back of the machine is similarly impossible : although the user guide shows the front , left , and rights sides of the computer with the names of all the ports , they completely forgot to show the rear view , which is where the port in question is located !	port	neutral
It worked for me but USB connector was loose and had to adjust few times before it started working .	USB connector	neutral
She had left 1/2 of this 2-piece unit at home ( the cord from the adapter to the wall outlet ) , and nothing I had would fit .	cord	neutral
Works just as good , if not better , than the original Apple battery .	battery	neutral
( access the BIOS boot menu by pressing Esc at bootup).This little notebook recognizes my iPod shuffle , Canon A570is camera , Prolific - based USB RS232 adapter ( which i use for controlling high - frequency amateur radio transceivers during PSK31 ops ) ,	BIOS boot menu	neutral
( access the BIOS boot menu by pressing Esc at bootup).This little notebook recognizes my iPod shuffle , Canon A570is camera , Prolific - based USB RS232 adapter ( which i use for controlling high - frequency amateur radio transceivers during PSK31 ops ) ,	bootup).This	neutral
And the textured surface is great .	surface	neutral
I use Picassa to edit photos and it 's pretty snappy with other apps opened ( Chrome , Outlook 2010 , Visual Studio ) .	Picassa	neutral
I use Picassa to edit photos and it 's pretty snappy with other apps opened ( Chrome , Outlook 2010 , Visual Studio ) .	apps	neutral
I use Picassa to edit photos and it 's pretty snappy with other apps opened ( Chrome , Outlook 2010 , Visual Studio ) .	Chrome	neutral
I use Picassa to edit photos and it 's pretty snappy with other apps opened ( Chrome , Outlook 2010 , Visual Studio ) .	Outlook 2010	neutral
I use Picassa to edit photos and it 's pretty snappy with other apps opened ( Chrome , Outlook 2010 , Visual Studio ) .	Visual Studio	neutral
of course , the price is also cheaper .	price	neutral
This couple buck purchase saved me from buying a new external drive .	external drive	neutral
but I 'm running it on Win 8 .	Win 8	neutral
With the I5 , it will run applications like video editing better / faster than the others .	I5	neutral
With the I5 , it will run applications like video editing better / faster than the others .	applications	neutral
With the I5 , it will run applications like video editing better / faster than the others .	video editing	neutral
No complains and works well and sticks properly within the keyboard keys .	works	neutral
No complains and works well and sticks properly within the keyboard keys .	keyboard keys	neutral
" LCD ( apparently people do n't know how to unplug a television without breaking the cord ) .	cord	neutral
For the setting when the laptop is plugged in , go to Control Panel / Hardware and Sound / Power Options / Edit Plan	Control Panel	neutral
For the setting when the laptop is plugged in , go to Control Panel / Hardware and Sound / Power Options / Edit Plan	Hardware	neutral
For the setting when the laptop is plugged in , go to Control Panel / Hardware and Sound / Power Options / Edit Plan	Sound	neutral
Kudos to the designer and the production team at Perixx .	production team	neutral
the touchpad is significantly better than the junk on my HP Envy .	touchpad	neutral
I bought another one with 3 switchable lights that I like much better .	switchable lights	neutral
Other than that the image quality is really good .	image quality	neutral
has a shorter 3 prong cord , my original had the longer polarized 2 prong cord .	3 prong cord	neutral
has a shorter 3 prong cord , my original had the longer polarized 2 prong cord .	polarized	neutral
has a shorter 3 prong cord , my original had the longer polarized 2 prong cord .	2 prong cord	neutral
I use this lock at work everyday .	lock	neutral
Apple laptop batteries are n't made for easy removal so lack of instructions in this case is a big deal even though you can find adequate instructions online .	batteries	neutral
Apple laptop batteries are n't made for easy removal so lack of instructions in this case is a big deal even though you can find adequate instructions online .	instructions	neutral
Any reviewers having issues may have accidentally been shipped the wrong cable , because I absolutely promise that this works perfectly .	cable	neutral
The archos is also a portable hard drive so you can share anything with anyone who has a computer .	archos	neutral
The archos is also a portable hard drive so you can share anything with anyone who has a computer .	hard drive	neutral
The PC mode is for computer monitor .	PC mode	neutral
the battery is fresh the range is good ( I would guess it 's about	battery	neutral
the battery is fresh the range is good ( I would guess it 's about	range	neutral
I was completely surprised that it fits very well and holds a charge on par with the original .	charge	neutral
It is physical knob and is almost impossible to get square .	physical knob	neutral
I do n't need another remote to keep track of and do n't expect to be using it .	remote	neutral
Battery life has been excellent , on the order of 10 hours .	Battery life	neutral
This one is great because it gives me additional ports , and it has proven to be reliable .	ports	neutral
Excelent product good quality .	quality	neutral
Definitely well worth the purchase price .	price	neutral
I end up selling my 15 " laptop and giving away this new sleeve since I no longer needed it .	sleeve	neutral
5-Inch SATA to USB 3 . 0	SATA to USB 3 . 0	neutral
It also will cover up other ports .	ports	neutral
It has a really nice screen quality , the keyboard is comfortable , it processes quickly , the speakers are located on the top unlike my Samsung Netwbook so watching videos I hear more without my headhones .	screen quality	neutral
It has a really nice screen quality , the keyboard is comfortable , it processes quickly , the speakers are located on the top unlike my Samsung Netwbook so watching videos I hear more without my headhones .	keyboard	neutral
It has a really nice screen quality , the keyboard is comfortable , it processes quickly , the speakers are located on the top unlike my Samsung Netwbook so watching videos I hear more without my headhones .	processes	neutral
It has a really nice screen quality , the keyboard is comfortable , it processes quickly , the speakers are located on the top unlike my Samsung Netwbook so watching videos I hear more without my headhones .	speakers	neutral
but I then started thinking that even though I really liked the windows tablet	windows tablet	neutral
( Eneloop charger from Costco which is supposed to operate at 230V).I purchased a UK charger for 2 AA batteries for 10pounds .	AA batteries	neutral
This camcorder have very good video that shoots to SD memory cards .	SD memory cards	neutral
I used an HP external ( DVD / CD ) disc drive and it worked like a charm .	HP external ( DVD / CD ) disc drive	neutral
The supplier gave me their web site and I followed their instructions by just clicking on their input changes to my software and immediately the battery was working and holding the charge about 50 % longer than the original Sony battery .	battery	neutral
The supplier gave me their web site and I followed their instructions by just clicking on their input changes to my software and immediately the battery was working and holding the charge about 50 % longer than the original Sony battery .	charge	neutral
The plastic connectors are pretty solid and have the usual articulation joint so they can be folded up into a compact case .	plastic connectors	neutral
Very nice ram , have nt had it long to do a real torture test , and sadly the laptop I put them in had an unrelated graphics card issue	ram	neutral
Very nice ram , have nt had it long to do a real torture test , and sadly the laptop I put them in had an unrelated graphics card issue	graphics card	neutral
There is nothing bad to say about this laptop , small , big hard drive , fast processor , ultra thin and light , great LCD Screen , complete freedom with Bluetooth and wireless technology .	hard drive	neutral
There is nothing bad to say about this laptop , small , big hard drive , fast processor , ultra thin and light , great LCD Screen , complete freedom with Bluetooth and wireless technology .	processor	neutral
There is nothing bad to say about this laptop , small , big hard drive , fast processor , ultra thin and light , great LCD Screen , complete freedom with Bluetooth and wireless technology .	LCD Screen	neutral
There is nothing bad to say about this laptop , small , big hard drive , fast processor , ultra thin and light , great LCD Screen , complete freedom with Bluetooth and wireless technology .	Bluetooth	neutral
There is nothing bad to say about this laptop , small , big hard drive , fast processor , ultra thin and light , great LCD Screen , complete freedom with Bluetooth and wireless technology .	wireless technology	neutral
I also installed a 3 M Anti - Glare film to the screen for both glare reduction and screen protection , this was $ 19 .	Anti - Glare film	neutral
I also installed a 3 M Anti - Glare film to the screen for both glare reduction and screen protection , this was $ 19 .	screen	neutral
I also installed a 3 M Anti - Glare film to the screen for both glare reduction and screen protection , this was $ 19 .	screen	neutral
The SD card needs to be Class 6 .	SD card	neutral
When I received it , the battery was a different shape .	battery	neutral
Gb / s interface can perform faster in the RocketStor dock .	Gb / s interface	neutral
Gb / s interface can perform faster in the RocketStor dock .	RocketStor dock	neutral
In the second large zippered area there 's two very large sections for books .	zippered	neutral
Apparently , this charger wo n't hold up .	charger	neutral
The keyboard cover is clear , which I did n't like ,	keyboard cover	neutral
I drive a PT Cruiser , and I have an auxiliary input for playing music from electronic devices .	auxiliary input	neutral
No good way to mount it .	mount	neutral
It looks and sounds great ( you will think you have a Bose Wave ) sitting next to your bed2 )	sounds	neutral
I use it with my DS4 Playstation controller on PS4	DS4 Playstation controller	neutral
The sound was somewhat weak and had a rattling sound ( with one or both speakers working).For the price , I expected much more , especially considering what I had paid for my first speakers - AND the fact that my first set lasted so long , I was disappointed that this set did n't even last ONE HOUR !	sound	neutral
The sound was somewhat weak and had a rattling sound ( with one or both speakers working).For the price , I expected much more , especially considering what I had paid for my first speakers - AND the fact that my first set lasted so long , I was disappointed that this set did n't even last ONE HOUR !	speakers	neutral
The sound was somewhat weak and had a rattling sound ( with one or both speakers working).For the price , I expected much more , especially considering what I had paid for my first speakers - AND the fact that my first set lasted so long , I was disappointed that this set did n't even last ONE HOUR !	price	neutral
The larger velcro flap pockets easily store power adapters / cords and other items such as a mini - mouse , cables .	velcro flap pockets	neutral
The larger velcro flap pockets easily store power adapters / cords and other items such as a mini - mouse , cables .	power adapters	neutral
The larger velcro flap pockets easily store power adapters / cords and other items such as a mini - mouse , cables .	mini - mouse	neutral
Personally , I do n't find that this item works any better than a microfiber cloth .	microfiber cloth	neutral
A / C Power AdapterAs	A / C Power AdapterAs	neutral
You can push performance with an SMC fan control download to allow you to run full fan speed before it gets to the point that it needs cooling to preserve performance .	performance	neutral
You can push performance with an SMC fan control download to allow you to run full fan speed before it gets to the point that it needs cooling to preserve performance .	SMC fan control download	neutral
You can push performance with an SMC fan control download to allow you to run full fan speed before it gets to the point that it needs cooling to preserve performance .	fan speed	neutral
You can push performance with an SMC fan control download to allow you to run full fan speed before it gets to the point that it needs cooling to preserve performance .	cooling	neutral
You can push performance with an SMC fan control download to allow you to run full fan speed before it gets to the point that it needs cooling to preserve performance .	performance	neutral
I have owned 2 sets of 2 . 1 speakers and in both cases one of the speakers shorted out .	speakers	neutral
I have owned 2 sets of 2 . 1 speakers and in both cases one of the speakers shorted out .	speakers	neutral
All I can say is wow , so easy to use and assemble .	use	neutral
All I can say is wow , so easy to use and assemble .	assemble	neutral
The " user experience " feels far more like a 1st - generation Ultrabook on W7 than not .	user experience	neutral
Laptops were easily to get overheated with not much ventilation , this stand has 2 fans just enough power to cool your laptop even when hrs on the laptop still stays cool and the stand is adjustable will not slide like others .	stand	neutral
Laptops were easily to get overheated with not much ventilation , this stand has 2 fans just enough power to cool your laptop even when hrs on the laptop still stays cool and the stand is adjustable will not slide like others .	fans	neutral
Laptops were easily to get overheated with not much ventilation , this stand has 2 fans just enough power to cool your laptop even when hrs on the laptop still stays cool and the stand is adjustable will not slide like others .	stand	neutral
Longer charge and still holding after a few weeks plus great price .	charge	neutral
Longer charge and still holding after a few weeks plus great price .	price	neutral
Sound is not the best ( no bass ) , although did not attempt to adjust , just playing it through some old stereo speakers which have great bass .	Sound	neutral
Sound is not the best ( no bass ) , although did not attempt to adjust , just playing it through some old stereo speakers which have great bass .	bass	neutral
Sound is not the best ( no bass ) , although did not attempt to adjust , just playing it through some old stereo speakers which have great bass .	speakers	neutral
Sound is not the best ( no bass ) , although did not attempt to adjust , just playing it through some old stereo speakers which have great bass .	bass	neutral
I have tried it on a desk and on my lap , it sits comfortably without adding too much extra weight , it also helps insulate the heat .	weight	neutral
They replaced the drive with no questions asked and I received a new one in no time .	drive	neutral
Holds a charge for at least 3 hrs , maybe longer .	charge	neutral
Pluging in an AUX cable while it charging via USB seems to override the On / Off swich .	AUX cable	neutral
Pluging in an AUX cable while it charging via USB seems to override the On / Off swich .	charging	neutral
w/ the battery charger .	battery charger	neutral
It is so wonderful that I do n't have to have any additional wiring in my projects .	wiring	neutral
Have n't tried the Apple drivers	Apple drivers	neutral
Hanging wire is bit annoying	Hanging wire	neutral
I 've tried a bunch of cases for this tablet and most have been a complete fail .	cases	neutral
She was told the battery was going to be over $ 100 for the replacement .	battery	neutral
Four days ago Google decided to & # 34;upgrade&#34 ; Chrome and now external monitors have stopped working .	Chrome	neutral
Four days ago Google decided to & # 34;upgrade&#34 ; Chrome and now external monitors have stopped working .	external monitors	neutral
I purchased this travel adapter for my HPDV6 - 6110us laptop .	travel adapter	neutral
i did order a wireless mouse ( amazon has one on sale for % 55 off right now , so right at $ 12 with free shipping ) and an external usb speaker that clamps onto the top of the screen .	wireless mouse	neutral
i did order a wireless mouse ( amazon has one on sale for % 55 off right now , so right at $ 12 with free shipping ) and an external usb speaker that clamps onto the top of the screen .	external usb speaker	neutral
They always point at the bluetooth keyboard or the keyboard with num pad , I had both	bluetooth keyboard	neutral
They always point at the bluetooth keyboard or the keyboard with num pad , I had both	keyboard with	neutral
They always point at the bluetooth keyboard or the keyboard with num pad , I had both	num pad	neutral
so I had to replace the battery .	battery	neutral
For travel to , say , Japan , which has two - pronged outlets , you will need some kind of adapter	adapter	neutral
I would still recomend this Little work horse for is Price design and very minor problems .	Price design	neutral
Also the straps on the inside are nice to keep things from moving around .	straps	neutral
I use a 17 " HP laptop and was looking for a decent well built case in which to transport it .	case	neutral
The hardware is quite usable .	hardware	neutral
4"for about 25 percent of the list price of this Acme sleeve .	price	neutral
You can adjust how high or low you want the fans to run ( I always keep it on high , I do n't really see the point in keeping it low ) .	fans	neutral
Cable is less expensive and longer than the ones offered by StarTech .	Cable	neutral
A big bump in CPU use is also noted when this happens- Youtube drops many , many frames in 720p , and there is compression appliedFor regular Excel , and Word , this may prove ideal , but I think I will return the device , and make do with a regular USB 3 . 0 dock with a USB sound card , and Ethernet adapter , with the penalty of having to plug one additional thing in every time ( the HDMI port on my laptop ) .	CPU use	neutral
A big bump in CPU use is also noted when this happens- Youtube drops many , many frames in 720p , and there is compression appliedFor regular Excel , and Word , this may prove ideal , but I think I will return the device , and make do with a regular USB 3 . 0 dock with a USB sound card , and Ethernet adapter , with the penalty of having to plug one additional thing in every time ( the HDMI port on my laptop ) .	Excel	neutral
A big bump in CPU use is also noted when this happens- Youtube drops many , many frames in 720p , and there is compression appliedFor regular Excel , and Word , this may prove ideal , but I think I will return the device , and make do with a regular USB 3 . 0 dock with a USB sound card , and Ethernet adapter , with the penalty of having to plug one additional thing in every time ( the HDMI port on my laptop ) .	Word	neutral
A big bump in CPU use is also noted when this happens- Youtube drops many , many frames in 720p , and there is compression appliedFor regular Excel , and Word , this may prove ideal , but I think I will return the device , and make do with a regular USB 3 . 0 dock with a USB sound card , and Ethernet adapter , with the penalty of having to plug one additional thing in every time ( the HDMI port on my laptop ) .	USB 3 . 0 dock	neutral
A big bump in CPU use is also noted when this happens- Youtube drops many , many frames in 720p , and there is compression appliedFor regular Excel , and Word , this may prove ideal , but I think I will return the device , and make do with a regular USB 3 . 0 dock with a USB sound card , and Ethernet adapter , with the penalty of having to plug one additional thing in every time ( the HDMI port on my laptop ) .	USB sound card	neutral
A big bump in CPU use is also noted when this happens- Youtube drops many , many frames in 720p , and there is compression appliedFor regular Excel , and Word , this may prove ideal , but I think I will return the device , and make do with a regular USB 3 . 0 dock with a USB sound card , and Ethernet adapter , with the penalty of having to plug one additional thing in every time ( the HDMI port on my laptop ) .	Ethernet adapter	neutral
A big bump in CPU use is also noted when this happens- Youtube drops many , many frames in 720p , and there is compression appliedFor regular Excel , and Word , this may prove ideal , but I think I will return the device , and make do with a regular USB 3 . 0 dock with a USB sound card , and Ethernet adapter , with the penalty of having to plug one additional thing in every time ( the HDMI port on my laptop ) .	HDMI port	neutral
Just needed to buy a cable to connect the LED screen to the motherboard .	LED screen	neutral
Just needed to buy a cable to connect the LED screen to the motherboard .	motherboard	neutral
The power brick is huge .	power brick	neutral
I have tried other brands of batteries but always come back to the Energizer .	batteries	neutral
but I like having a mouse .	mouse	neutral
It also has a dedicated Tablet & Phone pockets .	Tablet	neutral
As usual with any new computer you always want to get it updated with all the applications that you use everyday .	applications	neutral
4 inch laptop ... fits in perfectly , and has space for a few books / notebooks as well .... good product , and awesome price too ....	price	neutral
As many others have stated , I wanted a cordless headset to use with my iPhone 4 since I am tired of having wired headsets yanked from my ears .	cordless headset	neutral
As many others have stated , I wanted a cordless headset to use with my iPhone 4 since I am tired of having wired headsets yanked from my ears .	wired headsets	neutral
The single USB 1 . 1 works but does n't cut it for big files .	single USB 1 . 1	neutral
Only issue remaining now is capacity after multiple cycles .	capacity	neutral
It has a strong chemical smell .	chemical	neutral
It is an ordinary micro usb cable , not much to say other than it works .	micro usb cable	neutral
This laptop cooler pad is exactly like it was described .	cooler pad	neutral
4 Toshiba , but it started to come apart already around the zipper area .	zipper area	neutral
Special note to Canon engineers : please consider including an eyepiece blind feature on future advanced cameras .	eyepiece blind feature	neutral
USB - SD card slot - Android 4 . 0	USB - SD card slot	neutral
USB - SD card slot - Android 4 . 0	Android 4 . 0	neutral
2 lb , is half the weight of my laptop .	weight	neutral
I have had these speakers since May 2012 and they work great with the ipad , however when I try to use them with my MacBook	speakers	neutral
The design of it prevents it from opening as wide as I 'd like it when I 'm holding it on my	design	neutral
This plug - n - play unit looks good and the price was not that bad .	price	neutral
like the size of the fan .	size	neutral
like the size of the fan .	fan	neutral
But this is a review for the laptop , not Windows 8 !	Windows 8	neutral
Excellent price , this product is a winner !	price	neutral
When I remove the adapter , I know it 's impossible for my laptop to perform Bluetooth operations .	adapter	neutral
When I remove the adapter , I know it 's impossible for my laptop to perform Bluetooth operations .	Bluetooth operations	neutral
I love this flash drive .	flash drive	neutral
It fits my Envy 14 like a glove and once I pick up a tablet , I really look forward to storing it in the faux - velvet lined dedicated tablet compartment on this backpack .	tablet compartment	neutral
To help me make evaluate and compare different speakers I always use the same pieces of music to test the speakers .	speakers	neutral
To help me make evaluate and compare different speakers I always use the same pieces of music to test the speakers .	speakers	neutral
Cable is exactly has pictured and works perfectly .	Cable	neutral
It looks like this is what you have to use to use the LightScribe technology ( burning labels directly onto LightScribe discs ) , because there is no printer driver to print to LightScribe .	LightScribe technology	neutral
It looks like this is what you have to use to use the LightScribe technology ( burning labels directly onto LightScribe discs ) , because there is no printer driver to print to LightScribe .	LightScribe	neutral
It looks like this is what you have to use to use the LightScribe technology ( burning labels directly onto LightScribe discs ) , because there is no printer driver to print to LightScribe .	printer driver	neutral
It looks like this is what you have to use to use the LightScribe technology ( burning labels directly onto LightScribe discs ) , because there is no printer driver to print to LightScribe .	LightScribe	neutral
This is not a small Ultrabook this laptop has some size and heft .	size	neutral
The charge holds for a long time .	charge	neutral
The white glove delivery was outstanding ... the guys who delivered it were quick , professional , and very knowledgeable .	white	neutral
The white glove delivery was outstanding ... the guys who delivered it were quick , professional , and very knowledgeable .	glove delivery	neutral
With proper charging maintenance , I hope to get many years out this battery .	charging maintenance	neutral
With proper charging maintenance , I hope to get many years out this battery .	battery	neutral
If you could send me directions on how to set up the program for Windows 7 ultimate , I would appreciate it .	program for	neutral
If you could send me directions on how to set up the program for Windows 7 ultimate , I would appreciate it .	Windows 7 ultimate	neutral
I tried changing the batteries but it would work for a few minutes and then become unresponsive .	batteries	neutral
I have had no problems with this SDHC card , high capacity , works well , good price , very fast and reliable .	SDHC card	neutral
I have had no problems with this SDHC card , high capacity , works well , good price , very fast and reliable .	works	neutral
I have had no problems with this SDHC card , high capacity , works well , good price , very fast and reliable .	price	neutral
What the IEraser is nice for is a computer screen , especially a large monitor .	screen	neutral
What the IEraser is nice for is a computer screen , especially a large monitor .	monitor	neutral
In short , it 's the best value machine at this price point .	price point	neutral
i. e. , compose Word and Excel documents that do n't rely on exotic features . ) from anywhere .	features	neutral
In close this speakers are good quality speakers for under 30 dollars .	speakers	neutral
In close this speakers are good quality speakers for under 30 dollars .	speakers	neutral
The wire is so thin it is not even sending enough voltage to maintain the phone 's ( galaxy note ii ) battery level much less charge it	wire	neutral
The wire is so thin it is not even sending enough voltage to maintain the phone 's ( galaxy note ii ) battery level much less charge it	voltage	neutral
The wire is so thin it is not even sending enough voltage to maintain the phone 's ( galaxy note ii ) battery level much less charge it	battery level	neutral
The wire is so thin it is not even sending enough voltage to maintain the phone 's ( galaxy note ii ) battery level much less charge it	charge	neutral
Download the recovery software for your system and install it on the USB stick .	recovery software	neutral
Download the recovery software for your system and install it on the USB stick .	USB stick	neutral
There are more uses for this dock than the recovery activities I have subjected it to .	dock	neutral
so I tried another socket and wow it is FAST now .	socket	neutral
The only real problem that I had was that the system froze when I tried to burn the back - up DVD as instructed at initial bootup .	system	neutral
The only real problem that I had was that the system froze when I tried to burn the back - up DVD as instructed at initial bootup .	bootup	neutral
It has a 6-key rollover ( meh ) , a monitor ( ! ? ) , programmable keys ( nice ) , and all the little media keys you find on modern keybords .	monitor	neutral
It has a 6-key rollover ( meh ) , a monitor ( ! ? ) , programmable keys ( nice ) , and all the little media keys you find on modern keybords .	programmable keys	neutral
The speaker actually vibrates cause of the bass ( which could be an issue actually for some but not for us ) .	speaker	neutral
The speaker actually vibrates cause of the bass ( which could be an issue actually for some but not for us ) .	bass	neutral
Screens are never easy to install , but there are you - tube videos showing how .	Screens	neutral
No , knowing the issues and flaws that came with it I would go ahead and put another 20 $ to the already 10 $ with this cable and get either an Apple or startech adapter .	startech adapter	neutral
The noise level will vary between models and perhaps even between specific items.&#34;Makes no sense to me why you 'd issue an RMA for a noise problem then refuse to replace it because they know it makes noise .	noise level	neutral
so I 'm used to dealing with faulty networks / setups / drivers / NICs / etc .	networks	neutral
so I 'm used to dealing with faulty networks / setups / drivers / NICs / etc .	setups	neutral
so I 'm used to dealing with faulty networks / setups / drivers / NICs / etc .	drivers	neutral
so I 'm used to dealing with faulty networks / setups / drivers / NICs / etc .	NICs	neutral
I Ieave the keyboard on 24x7 .	keyboard	neutral
if you want great sound then you are going to spend more money .	sound	neutral
I even placed the USB receiver right next to my Linksys wireless router to see if it would cause any interference .	USB receiver	neutral
the machine getting so slow now and the hard drive is can not be upgraded .	hard drive	neutral
Shipment and packing were all acceptable .	Shipment	neutral
Shipment and packing were all acceptable .	packing	neutral
charging is normal - about 2 - 3 hrs ( and it will play while charging ) .	charging	neutral
charging is normal - about 2 - 3 hrs ( and it will play while charging ) .	charging	neutral
But- for 30 bux plus shipping , from Electronics Expo , Boston Acoustic MM 220 's broke the needle on the Awesomeness scale .	shipping	neutral
Even when the speaker worked with a single cable , I rarely bothered to use it .	speaker	neutral
Even when the speaker worked with a single cable , I rarely bothered to use it .	cable	neutral
i would suggest to buy a warranty with it , just in case .	warranty	neutral
If you just want to use this drive on your home network , you can do that with Windows ' built - in networking capability .	Windows	neutral
At best we usually have to manipulate our laptop to just the right position to find a sporadic at best connection	connection	neutral
once he learns to integrate the keyboard and touchscreen , I think he 'll love it .	keyboard	neutral
once he learns to integrate the keyboard and touchscreen , I think he 'll love it .	touchscreen	neutral
I had to go into the BIOS settings and switch the OS setting to " Legacy " , so that Windows 7 would read .	BIOS settings	neutral
I had to go into the BIOS settings and switch the OS setting to " Legacy " , so that Windows 7 would read .	OS setting	neutral
I had to go into the BIOS settings and switch the OS setting to " Legacy " , so that Windows 7 would read .	Windows 7	neutral
LCD HDTVand decided to go with the Samsung because it was cheaper and offered similar features .	features	neutral
If you want a laptop cooler for cheap , that will severely cool your laptop down , I would recommend the Cooler Master X Pad Slim .	Cooler Master	neutral
If you want a laptop cooler for cheap , that will severely cool your laptop down , I would recommend the Cooler Master X Pad Slim .	X Pad	neutral
Anyone can adjust to this skin cover in less than a day .	skin cover	neutral
But as someone else who had both the 11 and 13 said , they found that they took the 11 " with them more often than they took the 13 " , so even small differences in weight matter .	weight	neutral
Just Corel Sketch Pad costs $ 120 and Photoshop Elements 7 costs $ 70 + if I were to buy it as a standalone	Corel Sketch Pad	neutral
Just Corel Sketch Pad costs $ 120 and Photoshop Elements 7 costs $ 70 + if I were to buy it as a standalone	Photoshop Elements 7	neutral
It 's fast enough to play games like	games	neutral
This carrying bag is a very well made bag .	carrying bag	neutral
There 's an elegant looking capsule shaped zippered side pocket accentuated by a gray embroidered surround and similarly shaped green zip pull .	zippered	neutral
There 's an elegant looking capsule shaped zippered side pocket accentuated by a gray embroidered surround and similarly shaped green zip pull .	zip pull	neutral
Works like a charm , it is of durable material which makes me very happy .	material	neutral
Great instructions .	instructions	neutral
I remove the power supply ( now on battery ) and the computer does n't even blink when I hit the power button .	power supply	neutral
I remove the power supply ( now on battery ) and the computer does n't even blink when I hit the power button .	battery	neutral
I remove the power supply ( now on battery ) and the computer does n't even blink when I hit the power button .	power button	neutral
As a result , I use the included shoulder strap 90 % of the time .	shoulder strap	neutral
I think it works quite well , although I wish the battery would stay charged longer .	battery	neutral
Another company repaired it by flashing the bios .	bios	neutral
only con i have is that the smart gesture center sometimes does nt work when you close the laptop and reopen it so you ca nt scroll with the touchpad , but when you restart it , it works again !	smart gesture center	neutral
only con i have is that the smart gesture center sometimes does nt work when you close the laptop and reopen it so you ca nt scroll with the touchpad , but when you restart it , it works again !	touchpad	neutral
( And the design and the angle of the top of the main compartment actually make it even more difficult than it should be!)Since my lapop	design	neutral
Even though my desktop which uses this wireless adapter is across the house from FIOS ' 802 .	wireless adapter	neutral
Even if they were the same price , I would have bought them in place of the ER6-I 's .	price	neutral
Fast Ship just as described .	Ship	neutral
I bought this primarily due to its thin profile and Blackberry " Pearl"-like roller ball , hoping it would fit more easily in my notebook PC 's carrying sleeve than a traditional mouse , and work well as both a mouse and a trackball .	roller ball	neutral
I bought this primarily due to its thin profile and Blackberry " Pearl"-like roller ball , hoping it would fit more easily in my notebook PC 's carrying sleeve than a traditional mouse , and work well as both a mouse and a trackball .	mouse	neutral
I bought this primarily due to its thin profile and Blackberry " Pearl"-like roller ball , hoping it would fit more easily in my notebook PC 's carrying sleeve than a traditional mouse , and work well as both a mouse and a trackball .	mouse	neutral
I bought this primarily due to its thin profile and Blackberry " Pearl"-like roller ball , hoping it would fit more easily in my notebook PC 's carrying sleeve than a traditional mouse , and work well as both a mouse and a trackball .	trackball	neutral
Having bought into the Sandisk hype for years , I decided the substantially lower cost of the Transcend made it worth a try .	Sandisk	neutral
Having bought into the Sandisk hype for years , I decided the substantially lower cost of the Transcend made it worth a try .	cost	neutral
Having bought into the Sandisk hype for years , I decided the substantially lower cost of the Transcend made it worth a try .	Transcend	neutral
One thing I like about APC batteries is that you can print postage return labels from APC to send the battery back for recycling .	batteries	neutral
One thing I like about APC batteries is that you can print postage return labels from APC to send the battery back for recycling .	battery	neutral
Love the slide off case design .	slide off case design	neutral
Someone posted a fix for the Linux version , I have not found an XP version fix yet .	Linux version	neutral
Someone posted a fix for the Linux version , I have not found an XP version fix yet .	XP version	neutral
FAT32 on my intel mac	FAT32	neutral
The tablet and pen input part is excellent as always with Wacom products .	tablet	neutral
The tablet and pen input part is excellent as always with Wacom products .	pen input part	neutral
I have installed Open Office as I want to check this out vs. Windows Office .	Open Office	neutral
I have installed Open Office as I want to check this out vs. Windows Office .	Windows Office	neutral
* other uses for this laptop are only limited by screen size .	screen size	neutral
I 've red poor reviews on this battery so we 'll see how it does over time , but so far so good , especially for the price !	battery	neutral
I 've red poor reviews on this battery so we 'll see how it does over time , but so far so good , especially for the price !	price	neutral
The laptop fits well , and there is plenty of room in the outside pouch for the power brick and cord and a mouse .	power brick	neutral
The laptop fits well , and there is plenty of room in the outside pouch for the power brick and cord and a mouse .	cord	neutral
The laptop fits well , and there is plenty of room in the outside pouch for the power brick and cord and a mouse .	mouse	neutral
The battery charge indicator never goes above 85 % even though I have " conditioned " it to the laptop .	battery charge indicator	neutral
The cable that came with my WD MyBook has a solid metal connection and mounts firmly in the FW 800 Slot .	cable	neutral
The cable that came with my WD MyBook has a solid metal connection and mounts firmly in the FW 800 Slot .	metal connection	neutral
The cable that came with my WD MyBook has a solid metal connection and mounts firmly in the FW 800 Slot .	FW 800 Slot	neutral
I have not had the need to use the mouse further than a few feet from the receiver either .	mouse	neutral
I have not had the need to use the mouse further than a few feet from the receiver either .	receiver	neutral
I purchased this becuase I foolishly broke the display port adapter that I had with my Del Optiplex computer .	display port adapter	neutral
A really easy way to double the memory on my flash camcorder .	memory	neutral
, the screen is very nice ( small of course ) .	screen	neutral
Comes with zero permanent cords .	cords	neutral
but the fan is loud ...	fan	neutral
You can get other units for a third of the price .	price	neutral
That 's why it was delayed while they tried to remedy the weak WIFI .	WIFI	neutral
It is n't for everybody considering the additional care that the ( * real * ) leather warrants and the additional weight , as well as the aesthetic design .	leather	neutral
It is n't for everybody considering the additional care that the ( * real * ) leather warrants and the additional weight , as well as the aesthetic design .	weight	neutral
It is n't for everybody considering the additional care that the ( * real * ) leather warrants and the additional weight , as well as the aesthetic design .	aesthetic design	neutral
Professional packaging , quick delivery , and performance as expected .	packaging	neutral
Professional packaging , quick delivery , and performance as expected .	delivery	neutral
Professional packaging , quick delivery , and performance as expected .	performance	neutral
To protect my screen , I would n't use anything else .	screen	neutral
Half thickness of conventional wireless mouse .	thickness	neutral
Half thickness of conventional wireless mouse .	wireless mouse	neutral
Right off the bat , the video image quality on the HFS10 is incredible .	video image quality	neutral
Case in point , it would not reveice any of the weaker stations , but the telescopic antenna brought them in clearly .	telescopic antenna	neutral
The Aerb keyboard worked okay , including the touch pad and mouse keys , but using it was awkward for me , due largely to its small size ( about 6&#34 ;	Aerb keyboard	neutral
The Aerb keyboard worked okay , including the touch pad and mouse keys , but using it was awkward for me , due largely to its small size ( about 6&#34 ;	touch pad	neutral
The Aerb keyboard worked okay , including the touch pad and mouse keys , but using it was awkward for me , due largely to its small size ( about 6&#34 ;	mouse keys	neutral
The Aerb keyboard worked okay , including the touch pad and mouse keys , but using it was awkward for me , due largely to its small size ( about 6&#34 ;	size	neutral
The fabric has stretched slightly in general since I purchased it but it has only made my netbook fit better and seems to have stopped .	fabric	neutral
Everything was fine with shipping which was fast , but the product was missing something .	shipping	neutral
They have a small form factor which was perfect for my desk .	form factor	neutral
Has an LED indicator .	LED indicator	neutral
104 - 112W/ Fan ( Regular Use )	Fan	neutral
Weighed a ton with that gear and the waist strap was useless so the bag was very uncomfortable when loaded up .	waist strap	neutral
Lot 's of feedback , no false / ignored key points on the space bar for example .	space bar	neutral
I wanted to upgrade the space on my 17 " MacBook Pro Mid 2010 .	space	neutral
Unit has the blue light and charges and stops charging appropriately .	charges	neutral
Unit has the blue light and charges and stops charging appropriately .	charging	neutral
week WIFI signal	WIFI signal	neutral
PROS : i5 ProcessorLight - weightBeautiful design / finishKeypadSmall AdapterTextured TouchpadGreat soundPlays	i5 ProcessorLight	neutral
PROS : i5 ProcessorLight - weightBeautiful design / finishKeypadSmall AdapterTextured TouchpadGreat soundPlays	design	neutral
PROS : i5 ProcessorLight - weightBeautiful design / finishKeypadSmall AdapterTextured TouchpadGreat soundPlays	finishKeypadSmall	neutral
PROS : i5 ProcessorLight - weightBeautiful design / finishKeypadSmall AdapterTextured TouchpadGreat soundPlays	TouchpadGreat soundPlays	neutral
At 2850x1650 and medium setting , the screen looks pretty nice , but the frame rate is very low .	screen	neutral
At 2850x1650 and medium setting , the screen looks pretty nice , but the frame rate is very low .	frame rate	neutral
That night I took it home to try and charge it but the battery was not taking a charge .	battery	neutral
I bought the blackand do n't really mind the glossiness and thumbprints , after all , it 's mine so who cares since I rarely see the lid anyway .	lid	neutral
: This SSD conforms to SATA 2 specifications ( A maximum of 3 Gigabits per second transfer speed).The form factor of this SSD is 2 . 5 " x 9 . 5 mm same as a standard laptop hard drive .	SATA 2	neutral
: This SSD conforms to SATA 2 specifications ( A maximum of 3 Gigabits per second transfer speed).The form factor of this SSD is 2 . 5 " x 9 . 5 mm same as a standard laptop hard drive .	transfer speed).The	neutral
: This SSD conforms to SATA 2 specifications ( A maximum of 3 Gigabits per second transfer speed).The form factor of this SSD is 2 . 5 " x 9 . 5 mm same as a standard laptop hard drive .	form factor	neutral
: This SSD conforms to SATA 2 specifications ( A maximum of 3 Gigabits per second transfer speed).The form factor of this SSD is 2 . 5 " x 9 . 5 mm same as a standard laptop hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
The older IBM Lenovo laptops do not use SATA drives ( 45N series ) .	SATA drives	neutral
Rubber feet really grip well !	Rubber feet	neutral
It has HP Cool Sense technology , so it will throttle the CPU and graphics if necessary to keep it cool .	HP	neutral
It has HP Cool Sense technology , so it will throttle the CPU and graphics if necessary to keep it cool .	Cool Sense technology	neutral
It has HP Cool Sense technology , so it will throttle the CPU and graphics if necessary to keep it cool .	CPU	neutral
It has HP Cool Sense technology , so it will throttle the CPU and graphics if necessary to keep it cool .	graphics	neutral
30 grams difference in weight is nothing and for a longer use it is a big difference the bigger screen size .	weight	neutral
30 grams difference in weight is nothing and for a longer use it is a big difference the bigger screen size .	screen size	neutral
was the allow my children to use the laptop without using the trackpad .	trackpad	neutral
an I just paid for the software ... which is what they intended , I am sure .	software	neutral
The stiching fell out on both .	stiching	neutral
It fits the MacBook Pro perfectly and protects the aluminum case of the machine from nicks and scrapes .	aluminum case	neutral
- It came with Windows 8 which is an abomination on a non touchscreen device , and just plain sucks on any device .	Windows 8	neutral
- It came with Windows 8 which is an abomination on a non touchscreen device , and just plain sucks on any device .	touchscreen	neutral
It states that this charger fits the L6500 series .	charger	neutral
Just improving the brief manual would go a long way to bumping this up to a five star review .	brief manual	neutral
I am not sophisticated , when it comes to computers , but this keyboard is so intuitive , it is a pleasure to use it .	keyboard	neutral
and I was not happy with the small screen real estate as I did n't want to hurt my vision with small fonts .	screen real estate	neutral
and I was not happy with the small screen real estate as I did n't want to hurt my vision with small fonts .	fonts	neutral
The slightly ribbed touchpad is very user friendly , and there 's a dedicated track bar to the right .	touchpad	neutral
The slightly ribbed touchpad is very user friendly , and there 's a dedicated track bar to the right .	track bar	neutral
I would recommend it to anyone looking for a bluetooth keyboard for their mac or apple device .	bluetooth keyboard	neutral
I like that the ports on this hub are well spaced out .	ports	neutral
For setup , just plug it in .	setup	neutral
I travel a lot for work , and this bad has plenty of room for clothes and laptop , will all the power cords .	power cords	neutral
Other reviewers rated the Kingston 8 GB pack as a better alternative but the specs only list MAC as the platform	Kingston 8 GB pack	neutral
Other reviewers rated the Kingston 8 GB pack as a better alternative but the specs only list MAC as the platform	specs	neutral
Given the price I would have been okay with that .	price	neutral
Get the largest size you can afford , especially if you 're not diligent about removing content from your camera.-	size	neutral
Continuous mode for taking photos is very fast ( though the shutter lag is n't nearly as good as DSLR cameras ) 13 .	Continuous mode	neutral
Continuous mode for taking photos is very fast ( though the shutter lag is n't nearly as good as DSLR cameras ) 13 .	shutter lag	neutral
The price is great .	price	neutral
And even though it 's huge , I can adjust the screen so that I can reasonably , if a bit uncomfortably , use it to get work done in coach on AirTran ( which is really , really tight).The absolute best part is the battery .	screen	neutral
And even though it 's huge , I can adjust the screen so that I can reasonably , if a bit uncomfortably , use it to get work done in coach on AirTran ( which is really , really tight).The absolute best part is the battery .	battery	neutral
Original ( Sep 7 , 2014):Really like this speaker , it has good quality sound for being so small and inexpensive .	sound	neutral
so I left it on the pc as an extra drive .	drive	neutral
( USB 2 is capable of 480Mbps that is shared with all of your USB devices ) .	USB 2	neutral
( USB 2 is capable of 480Mbps that is shared with all of your USB devices ) .	USB devices	neutral
What they should have disclosed is that your ipad will get wet and you could run the danger of shorting out the electronics if water gets into the speakers or the holes surrounding the buttons .	speakers	neutral
What they should have disclosed is that your ipad will get wet and you could run the danger of shorting out the electronics if water gets into the speakers or the holes surrounding the buttons .	buttons	neutral
While the setup works as designed , the pocket is perhaps wider than it needs to be .	setup	neutral
While the setup works as designed , the pocket is perhaps wider than it needs to be .	pocket	neutral
The quality is great and for $ 416 bucks	quality	neutral
I used it on Windows 7 application .	Windows 7 application	neutral
The one draw back is although the two speakers fit nicely anywhere , the sub - woofer is larger and requires more room than my desk can accommodate .	speakers	neutral
The one draw back is although the two speakers fit nicely anywhere , the sub - woofer is larger and requires more room than my desk can accommodate .	sub - woofer	neutral
Although they do ship you a Displayport to VGA cable .	Displayport to VGA cable	neutral
I am a little disappointed that the quality in manufacturing went down on this product .	quality	neutral
Even with its thin dimensions , my Ultrabook fastened securely leaving me without worries of it bouncing around when being transported .	dimensions	neutral
I&#8217;ve seen people complaining about the touch pad , but I can&#8217;t say I have .	touch pad	neutral
Video quality is - amazingly - rather bad : the colors are off	Video quality	neutral
Video quality is - amazingly - rather bad : the colors are off	colors	neutral
At the title says my pro ( which I had running wonderfully with Windows 7 as primary OS as OSX was way to limited ) fell off my bed ( the cat rubbed against it and pushed it off ) and it landed on the carpet .	Windows 7	neutral
At the title says my pro ( which I had running wonderfully with Windows 7 as primary OS as OSX was way to limited ) fell off my bed ( the cat rubbed against it and pushed it off ) and it landed on the carpet .	OS	neutral
At the title says my pro ( which I had running wonderfully with Windows 7 as primary OS as OSX was way to limited ) fell off my bed ( the cat rubbed against it and pushed it off ) and it landed on the carpet .	OSX	neutral
I installed it without loading the CD in about 3 minutes .	CD	neutral
I saw this hybrid drive and thought maybe I could get the benifit of a SSD plus the storage capacity of a standard drive .	hybrid drive	neutral
I saw this hybrid drive and thought maybe I could get the benifit of a SSD plus the storage capacity of a standard drive .	SSD	neutral
I saw this hybrid drive and thought maybe I could get the benifit of a SSD plus the storage capacity of a standard drive .	storage capacity	neutral
I thought I 'd be putting the dock on a bookshelf or on a desk , but no , I had to find somewhere attractive to place it ( it 's on top the piano ) .	dock	neutral
Two off the screen cushions fell of early on , before any drop .	screen cushions	neutral
There are few sharp edges .	edges	neutral
The audio jack worked fine as well .	audio jack	neutral
Saturday , March 9 , 2013 : The vendor sent me an e - mail to make sure I was satisfied with the keyboard and to offer their help with any problems .	keyboard	neutral
I was afraid that this system was just going to be loud and very heavily waited to reproducing low end frequencies .	frequencies	neutral
So only the four ports on the base are particularly useful .	ports	neutral
So only the four ports on the base are particularly useful .	base	neutral
Even at higher volume , I was able to hear the true sounds as the producer made them .	volume	neutral
After owning and trying out several large USB hubs over the years , I suppose I just expected to see a small brick when I opened the box .	USB hubs	neutral
1 " 1024-by-768 LCD , 256 MB memory and 32 MB graphics memory , FireWire 400 and USB 2 . 0 ports , and 100/10 fast Ethernet .	256 MB memory	neutral
1 " 1024-by-768 LCD , 256 MB memory and 32 MB graphics memory , FireWire 400 and USB 2 . 0 ports , and 100/10 fast Ethernet .	32	neutral
1 " 1024-by-768 LCD , 256 MB memory and 32 MB graphics memory , FireWire 400 and USB 2 . 0 ports , and 100/10 fast Ethernet .	FireWire 400	neutral
1 " 1024-by-768 LCD , 256 MB memory and 32 MB graphics memory , FireWire 400 and USB 2 . 0 ports , and 100/10 fast Ethernet .	USB 2 . 0 ports	neutral
1 " 1024-by-768 LCD , 256 MB memory and 32 MB graphics memory , FireWire 400 and USB 2 . 0 ports , and 100/10 fast Ethernet .	Ethernet	neutral
However , I believe that the x220 is equally appealing to consumers looking for a machine capable of handling the most intensive creative tasks , like video editing , photoshopping , etc .	video editing	neutral
However , I believe that the x220 is equally appealing to consumers looking for a machine capable of handling the most intensive creative tasks , like video editing , photoshopping , etc .	photoshopping	neutral
The cover has a clasp that holds the iPad securely and wo n't let it fall out .	cover	neutral
The cover has a clasp that holds the iPad securely and wo n't let it fall out .	clasp	neutral
I can recommend this model just watch out for weird motherboard issues .	motherboard	neutral
I plugged it in , installed the software , plugged in the network wire and was surfing at 1 .	software	neutral
I plugged it in , installed the software , plugged in the network wire and was surfing at 1 .	network wire	neutral
But anyway , keep in mind that most AC inverters are going to use up to 12 .	AC inverters	neutral
What is so nice about is that the reciever which plugs into the USB port is small enough that it can be left in without to much fear of damage when when moving the computer around .	reciever	neutral
What is so nice about is that the reciever which plugs into the USB port is small enough that it can be left in without to much fear of damage when when moving the computer around .	USB port	neutral
It works well with a variety of different devices , that 's probably	works	neutral
Small footprint .	footprint	neutral
Pros:- Great capacity- Capable of holding tons of music , pics , and some videosCons:- none that I can see other than it 's not 4 GB !	capacity-	neutral
The technical details regarding this Mac are available for all to read , and there is no reason for me to repeat them .	technical	neutral
All the ports are accessible as described by the mfg and fits the mag charger perfectly old or new style .	ports	neutral
All the ports are accessible as described by the mfg and fits the mag charger perfectly old or new style .	mag charger	neutral
The cable is heavy duty and obviously well made .	cable	neutral
It has yet to drop a connection like i had with other similar items before .	connection	neutral
( I am SO glad I had the prescience to realize a year ago that I definitely wanted to shift to a cloud - based approach!)Now , a word about the quality of the monitor .	monitor	neutral
The drive is 1/2 inch thick and runs right off the power from the usb port	drive	neutral
The drive is 1/2 inch thick and runs right off the power from the usb port	power	neutral
The drive is 1/2 inch thick and runs right off the power from the usb port	usb port	neutral
After a week , the battery began to fail .	battery	neutral
My laptop only has 2 ports .	ports	neutral
I noticed the mic picks up better if you remove the fuzzball / muffler thing .	mic	neutral
I noticed the mic picks up better if you remove the fuzzball / muffler thing .	fuzzball /	neutral
The tabs that hold it on are small and wear out .	tabs	neutral
Battery life is poor , so this computer in my opinion is much better and suited for those who have access to a wall outlet .	Battery life	neutral
If you have complicated applications which require certain windows settings untouched , I would highly recommend that you inform the support team upfront so they do not perform upgrades / changes in those areas .	applications	neutral
If you have complicated applications which require certain windows settings untouched , I would highly recommend that you inform the support team upfront so they do not perform upgrades / changes in those areas .	windows settings	neutral
If you have complicated applications which require certain windows settings untouched , I would highly recommend that you inform the support team upfront so they do not perform upgrades / changes in those areas .	support team	neutral
This battery fit perfectly and performs just like the OEM battery .	battery	neutral
This battery fit perfectly and performs just like the OEM battery .	performs	neutral
This battery fit perfectly and performs just like the OEM battery .	battery	neutral
I 've used this drive for a week and I am very satisified with its performace so far .	performace	neutral
Shipping was a bit high ( $ 8 + ) , but was fairly quick once it got shipped .	Shipping	neutral
I added 16 GB ram and a 7200 WD Scorpio Hdd and its a devouring monster for less than a thousand .	16 GB ram	neutral
The idea of an external drive dock for hot - swapping and easy management of bare drives rather than piles of external drives , cables and enclosures seems nothing short of brilliant to me .	external drive dock	neutral
The idea of an external drive dock for hot - swapping and easy management of bare drives rather than piles of external drives , cables and enclosures seems nothing short of brilliant to me .	external drives	neutral
I had to give permission for " other computer " to connect to my Internet network connection with the code even though I was on the same computer on the same Internet connection , but just via WiFi .	Internet network connection	neutral
I also reinstalled Windows but no change .	Windows	neutral
The Docking Station also has a very nice power indicator , and it makes the device look very slick .	Docking Station	neutral
The Docking Station also has a very nice power indicator , and it makes the device look very slick .	power indicator	neutral
+ Spotify frontend , hooked up to my TV and audio system .	Spotify	neutral
+ Spotify frontend , hooked up to my TV and audio system .	audio system	neutral
For such a small piece of equipment it truly puts out a decent quality sound and can get quite loud .	sound	neutral
Those were pretty good machines but without advanced off board gaming GPU 's you ca n't play any really good games .	off board	neutral
Those were pretty good machines but without advanced off board gaming GPU 's you ca n't play any really good games .	gaming GPU	neutral
Those were pretty good machines but without advanced off board gaming GPU 's you ca n't play any really good games .	games	neutral
The use of the printer port has been convenient .	printer port	neutral
When I 'd push the windows button I could feel a slight vibrate	windows button	neutral
Overall , it 's small and easy to carry around but falls short of the quality I 've come to expect from Canon products .	carry	neutral
Overall , it 's small and easy to carry around but falls short of the quality I 've come to expect from Canon products .	quality	neutral
This means you do n't have to worry about damaging the hard drive if the computer is dropped .	hard drive	neutral
So far all seems ok will let you know after my next tour.*****UP - DATE 03/27/2 - 10 I have now used this little guy over a year and have up graded memory to 2gig and up graded to Windows 7 Home Premium	memory	neutral
So far all seems ok will let you know after my next tour.*****UP - DATE 03/27/2 - 10 I have now used this little guy over a year and have up graded memory to 2gig and up graded to Windows 7 Home Premium	Windows 7 Home Premium	neutral
1/2013 : The manufacturer did honor the warranty and replace my battery , though it took some doing to contact them and arrange it all .	warranty	neutral
1/2013 : The manufacturer did honor the warranty and replace my battery , though it took some doing to contact them and arrange it all .	battery	neutral
To replace the battery or upgrade memory it looks like about 16 screws need to be removed from the case .	battery	neutral
I use it on my gaming setup .	gaming setup	neutral
3 usb ports+ Bright	usb ports+	neutral
( Why would anyone buy an i3 is beyond me ) .	i3	neutral
If you want an idea of how the graphics run , it can run WoW at good graphics at around 25 fps .	graphics	neutral
If you want an idea of how the graphics run , it can run WoW at good graphics at around 25 fps .	graphics	neutral
The Inspiron 15R has a total of 4 USB ports ( two USB 2 . 0 , and two USB 3 . 0 ) .	USB ports	neutral
The Inspiron 15R has a total of 4 USB ports ( two USB 2 . 0 , and two USB 3 . 0 ) .	USB 2 .	neutral
The Inspiron 15R has a total of 4 USB ports ( two USB 2 . 0 , and two USB 3 . 0 ) .	USB 3	neutral
But I have a laptop and an iPad and the battery lasts for 10 hours in the latter , 4 hours in the former .	battery	neutral
For that price , this is a great deal !	price	neutral
Both installed easily and other Bluetooth source devices talk to them as advertised by the seller .	Bluetooth source	neutral
This card is ( was ) used in a Linux based home router / server .	card	neutral
75 megabytes per second ) , and I never get any downloads faster than like 2 megabytes per second anyway .	downloads	neutral
The only drawback I could find is that there is no easy way to store the battery cord and line cord with the unit .	battery cord	neutral
The only drawback I could find is that there is no easy way to store the battery cord and line cord with the unit .	line cord	neutral
So many compartments on this bag , including 2 on the flap .	compartments	neutral
So many compartments on this bag , including 2 on the flap .	flap	neutral
Download and install the latest version of iTunes .	iTunes	neutral
up.- Flexible with OS .	OS	neutral
I have seen some lenovo / mac screens that put this screen to shame .	screen	neutral
This backpack is just awesome so big , fancy , tough , beautiful and very good design , for the price that I pay for this , it really worth it at 100 % .	design	neutral
This backpack is just awesome so big , fancy , tough , beautiful and very good design , for the price that I pay for this , it really worth it at 100 % .	price	neutral
Given how tiny the LCD screen is , I 'm somewhat surprised Logitech could n't have gotten the screen to work with USB power .	LCD screen	neutral
Given how tiny the LCD screen is , I 'm somewhat surprised Logitech could n't have gotten the screen to work with USB power .	screen	neutral
Given how tiny the LCD screen is , I 'm somewhat surprised Logitech could n't have gotten the screen to work with USB power .	USB power	neutral
But they gave me instructions on how to use their included utility to back up my user data to an SD card before sending the tablet in for repair .	included utility	neutral
Good product for a great price .	price	neutral
Solid case .	case	neutral
I am sure this has nothing to do with misuse , as it is only used for word processing , no internet downloads .	word processing	neutral
I am sure this has nothing to do with misuse , as it is only used for word processing , no internet downloads .	internet downloads	neutral
This unit is a really nice blend of low price without sacrificing quality .	price	neutral
This unit is a really nice blend of low price without sacrificing quality .	quality	neutral
I mention this because I 've accidentally left it on a few times by not holding the button in long enough - but it 's never been a problem .	button	neutral
It fits in my 2011 MacBook Pro but there was a little free space left .	space	neutral
This mouse cost $ 5 with free shipping .	mouse	neutral
This mouse cost $ 5 with free shipping .	cost	neutral
This mouse cost $ 5 with free shipping .	shipping	neutral
By far the lightest PC I 've ever had , it 's easy to carry around , though it might be more of a challenge finding a case to your liking that fits it .	case	neutral
2nd UPDATE : I recently found two reviews , one for this model and one for the RM650 , in which the reviewers tested the cables and take the cover off ( which I wo n't do as it voids the warranty ) and both found problems with less - than - great capacitor choices and in one case broken wires to the motherboard .	cables	neutral
2nd UPDATE : I recently found two reviews , one for this model and one for the RM650 , in which the reviewers tested the cables and take the cover off ( which I wo n't do as it voids the warranty ) and both found problems with less - than - great capacitor choices and in one case broken wires to the motherboard .	warranty	neutral
2nd UPDATE : I recently found two reviews , one for this model and one for the RM650 , in which the reviewers tested the cables and take the cover off ( which I wo n't do as it voids the warranty ) and both found problems with less - than - great capacitor choices and in one case broken wires to the motherboard .	capacitor	neutral
2nd UPDATE : I recently found two reviews , one for this model and one for the RM650 , in which the reviewers tested the cables and take the cover off ( which I wo n't do as it voids the warranty ) and both found problems with less - than - great capacitor choices and in one case broken wires to the motherboard .	wires	neutral
2nd UPDATE : I recently found two reviews , one for this model and one for the RM650 , in which the reviewers tested the cables and take the cover off ( which I wo n't do as it voids the warranty ) and both found problems with less - than - great capacitor choices and in one case broken wires to the motherboard .	motherboard	neutral
The keys have some space between them and they are raised - think Scrabble pieces laying on a table .	keys	neutral
So no drivers are needed for Windows XP .	drivers	neutral
So no drivers are needed for Windows XP .	Windows XP	neutral
Got sick of replacing batteries .	batteries	neutral
The keyboard has dedicated multimedia buttons on the top .	keyboard	neutral
After a bit of use with Windows I decided to format the drive to make a triple boot and install Mac OS X Lion , Windows 7 , and Ubuntu on the same drive , and to my surprise it works quite well without having to do much to it .	Windows	neutral
After a bit of use with Windows I decided to format the drive to make a triple boot and install Mac OS X Lion , Windows 7 , and Ubuntu on the same drive , and to my surprise it works quite well without having to do much to it .	drive	neutral
After a bit of use with Windows I decided to format the drive to make a triple boot and install Mac OS X Lion , Windows 7 , and Ubuntu on the same drive , and to my surprise it works quite well without having to do much to it .	Windows 7	neutral
After a bit of use with Windows I decided to format the drive to make a triple boot and install Mac OS X Lion , Windows 7 , and Ubuntu on the same drive , and to my surprise it works quite well without having to do much to it .	Ubuntu	neutral
The great thing about this is it added another USB port to my laptop in an ExpressCard slot that was n't doing anything before but holding a blank piece of plastic .	USB port	neutral
The great thing about this is it added another USB port to my laptop in an ExpressCard slot that was n't doing anything before but holding a blank piece of plastic .	ExpressCard slot	neutral
this may be because the vents are on the bottom which is being ' protect ' by a stiff felt - like materialIn the end if you plan to travel with your macbook	vents	neutral
The key surface is not matt finish , so if your fingers are oily , the keyboard would look soiled .	key surface	neutral
The key surface is not matt finish , so if your fingers are oily , the keyboard would look soiled .	keyboard	neutral
Then I left it to charge for 24 - 30 full hours ( as per most batteries ) and NOTHING ! !	charge	neutral
Then I left it to charge for 24 - 30 full hours ( as per most batteries ) and NOTHING ! !	batteries	neutral
No upgrades , everything except RAM slot is very hard to reach .	RAM slot	neutral
No problems encountered so far and it is easy to use .	use	neutral
Cue the Belkin hub .	Belkin hub	neutral
I was able to squeeze the cables through it and mount the base plate under the desk .	cables	neutral
I was able to squeeze the cables through it and mount the base plate under the desk .	base plate	neutral
The remote is horrible .	remote	neutral
And for the USB N600 , it 's 300 on G or 300 on A. Bottom line : the higher number is n't as sexy as I had originally thought , and there are some other variables	USB N600	neutral
It does n't have Firewire or HDMI .	Firewire	neutral
It does n't have Firewire or HDMI .	HDMI	neutral
Setup : 2 full HD external displays - one via VGA and one via HDMI .	Setup	neutral
Setup : 2 full HD external displays - one via VGA and one via HDMI .	VGA	neutral
Setup : 2 full HD external displays - one via VGA and one via HDMI .	HDMI	neutral
I think it is great quality and value versus other brands .	value	neutral
I generally do n't like these kinds of panels because they tend to lack good touch sensitivity , but this one is actually excellent .	touch sensitivity	neutral
, due to weight or balance causing damage to both devices .	weight	neutral
It 's not often I need this , but so far over the months I 've had it this plug has worked perfectly every time .	plug	neutral
The volume is actually pretty good , not great .	volume	neutral
USB bluetooth adapter connected to the netbook ) , because I can type much faster on it .	USB bluetooth adapter	neutral
The second thing I noticed is the size of the keys and trackpad are incredibly small .	size	neutral
The second thing I noticed is the size of the keys and trackpad are incredibly small .	keys	neutral
The second thing I noticed is the size of the keys and trackpad are incredibly small .	trackpad	neutral
The idea that the company tries to pawn this off as a sleeve designed for the MBA is ridiculous .	sleeve	neutral
; laptop perfectly ... really good basic protection for the laptop , ... and a fair / good price .	price	neutral
What first attracted me to this case was the color and	color	neutral
I did n't buy this machine on Amazon but found myself here looking for mobo specs regarding RAM slots .	mobo specs	neutral
I did n't buy this machine on Amazon but found myself here looking for mobo specs regarding RAM slots .	RAM slots	neutral
Consequently , there 's camera noise in every video , which is surprisingly loud considering	camera	neutral
Even though this Chill Pad has amazing potentials , there are plenty of NON - CARCINOGENIC notebook coolers out there that can perform just as well with a longer width .	Chill Pad	neutral
Even though this Chill Pad has amazing potentials , there are plenty of NON - CARCINOGENIC notebook coolers out there that can perform just as well with a longer width .	width	neutral
You ca n't go wrong with this neoprene cushion sleeve .	neoprene cushion sleeve	neutral
By the way , one extra strike against it , I could find no way to single or dual boot Linux , not Ubuntu or Mint , properly on the machine , even using a USB 3 flash drive like a hard drive .	Linux	neutral
By the way , one extra strike against it , I could find no way to single or dual boot Linux , not Ubuntu or Mint , properly on the machine , even using a USB 3 flash drive like a hard drive .	USB 3 flash drive	neutral
By the way , one extra strike against it , I could find no way to single or dual boot Linux , not Ubuntu or Mint , properly on the machine , even using a USB 3 flash drive like a hard drive .	hard drive	neutral
The power brick can get pretty warm , which is a problem with cheap after market chargers	power brick	neutral
The power brick can get pretty warm , which is a problem with cheap after market chargers	chargers	neutral
I purchased this unit from Amazon from the Warehouse Deals section which is generally used equipment .	Warehouse Deals	neutral
More than 1 , 000 companies and designers submit entries for consideration for the Good Design Awards each year .	Design	neutral
The Samsung was significantly less $ on Amazon than local Best B. or Circuit C , and I did n't have to pay sales tax , shipping , or haul it home myself ( Amazon white glove service calls to schedule delivery , shows up on time , & unpacks the unit to test prior to leaving ) .	sales	neutral
The Samsung was significantly less $ on Amazon than local Best B. or Circuit C , and I did n't have to pay sales tax , shipping , or haul it home myself ( Amazon white glove service calls to schedule delivery , shows up on time , & unpacks the unit to test prior to leaving ) .	Amazon white glove service	neutral
keyboard , - Connection outlets ( USBs , LAN , power ... ) in right places , - Light compare to HP compsCons : -	keyboard	neutral
keyboard , - Connection outlets ( USBs , LAN , power ... ) in right places , - Light compare to HP compsCons : -	Connection outlets	neutral
keyboard , - Connection outlets ( USBs , LAN , power ... ) in right places , - Light compare to HP compsCons : -	USBs	neutral
keyboard , - Connection outlets ( USBs , LAN , power ... ) in right places , - Light compare to HP compsCons : -	LAN	neutral
keyboard , - Connection outlets ( USBs , LAN , power ... ) in right places , - Light compare to HP compsCons : -	power	neutral
The sound is fine for a unit this small , and has an adjustable equalizer for selecting the tonal quality desired .	sound	neutral
The sound is fine for a unit this small , and has an adjustable equalizer for selecting the tonal quality desired .	equalizer	neutral
The sound is fine for a unit this small , and has an adjustable equalizer for selecting the tonal quality desired .	tonal quality	neutral
The weight however is surprising , I believe it says 4 . 4 lbs .	weight	neutral
I use this battery for my Novatel mifi and works very well .	battery	neutral
Only install the wireless software that comes with it and it will work better .	wireless software	neutral
Has clear indicators of the battery status and operating status .	battery status	neutral
Has clear indicators of the battery status and operating status .	operating status	neutral
Two water bottle holders that are Extremely tight material wise	water bottle holders	neutral
I ordered these thinking the sound and fit would be great .	sound	neutral
I ordered these thinking the sound and fit would be great .	fit	neutral
I used this pack for a photo class and was able to get all my gear -- DSRL camera , three lenses , batteries , and lots of other stuff -- in the pack	batteries	neutral
The Office - esque editing software ( Polaris Office ) that comes pre - installed is very functional , and has proven a pleasant surprise .	Office - esque editing software	neutral
The Office - esque editing software ( Polaris Office ) that comes pre - installed is very functional , and has proven a pleasant surprise .	Polaris Office	neutral
For gamers and others that desire a true dedicated and stable connection , well the need to have a true wired solution becomes more apparent .	wired	neutral
There is an option to turn this function off - " Settings / Screen / MobileDock Battery saving mode " .	Settings	neutral
There is an option to turn this function off - " Settings / Screen / MobileDock Battery saving mode " .	Screen	neutral
There is an option to turn this function off - " Settings / Screen / MobileDock Battery saving mode " .	MobileDock	neutral
There is an option to turn this function off - " Settings / Screen / MobileDock Battery saving mode " .	Battery saving mode	neutral
The computer itself has a very clean look .	look	neutral
The Flip Video Mino really is THAT easy , and I am NO techie .	Flip Video Mino	neutral
Most likely , the battery will be the first component to give up .	battery	neutral
The side pockets are small for AA batteries and SD cards- not super helpful , but better than nothing .	side pockets	neutral
The side pockets are small for AA batteries and SD cards- not super helpful , but better than nothing .	AA batteries	neutral
The side pockets are small for AA batteries and SD cards- not super helpful , but better than nothing .	SD cards-	neutral
but I can tell a large difference when its in operation .	operation	neutral
The battery last just about the same amount of time as any other laptop and was much needed also took about a week to get here	battery	neutral
It is not perfectly snug in the socket , but so far it has not popped out , not even when I intentionally bumped it around some .	socket	neutral
Update 6 - 27 - 11:I found that although this docking station has two monitor ports ( VGA and DVI - D ) , you can only use one monitor with it at a time .	docking station	neutral
Update 6 - 27 - 11:I found that although this docking station has two monitor ports ( VGA and DVI - D ) , you can only use one monitor with it at a time .	monitor ports	neutral
Update 6 - 27 - 11:I found that although this docking station has two monitor ports ( VGA and DVI - D ) , you can only use one monitor with it at a time .	monitor	neutral
HPs looks much better in my view , you have color choices and that 's that.&#725 ; Display .	color	neutral
HPs looks much better in my view , you have color choices and that 's that.&#725 ; Display .	Display	neutral
When the tablet is docked with the keyboard , you can close it ( physically ) , and just like a laptop , it will cause the screen to turn off automatically .	keyboard	neutral
When the tablet is docked with the keyboard , you can close it ( physically ) , and just like a laptop , it will cause the screen to turn off automatically .	screen	neutral
BUT , I have never found a need to crank the unit that high as the volume levels are just rediculous above 75 % .	volume levels	neutral
376V under benchmarking with my system fully overclocked , the 12 V rail dip to 12 .	12 V rail	neutral
But , for the price , it 's a good value for those looking for an affordable wireless mouse with a nano receiver .	price	neutral
But , for the price , it 's a good value for those looking for an affordable wireless mouse with a nano receiver .	wireless mouse	neutral
But , for the price , it 's a good value for those looking for an affordable wireless mouse with a nano receiver .	nano receiver	neutral
Over the 3 years since I put XP on this , it had slowed down considerably , to the point of me waffling over whether to buy a new pc or install WIN7 .	XP	neutral
Over the 3 years since I put XP on this , it had slowed down considerably , to the point of me waffling over whether to buy a new pc or install WIN7 .	WIN7	neutral
30-Pin Charging Dock with Device Cradle .	30-Pin Charging Dock	neutral
This device makes a high pitched squeal because of the usb plugs .	usb plugs	neutral
The cord can be lengthened or go shorter by pulling the mouse out away from the USB connection .	cord	neutral
The cord can be lengthened or go shorter by pulling the mouse out away from the USB connection .	mouse	neutral
The cord can be lengthened or go shorter by pulling the mouse out away from the USB connection .	USB connection	neutral
There are countless USB devices out there and many of them are compatible with the Transformer .	USB devices	neutral
The AC adapter and 3 . 5 mini jack cords are included you do n't have to buy them after - the - fact .	AC adapter	neutral
The main center compartment is big enough for a laptop but there is no cushioning at the bottom .	center compartment	neutral
Pros -- Runs quiet and cool . Used in on my lap for several hours and it barely gets warmer than a Time magazine .	Runs	neutral
It may not seem like much , but a MacBook Pro weighs about 5 .	weighs	neutral
Update , after trying a second supply I had the same problem .	supply	neutral
its not as user friendly as previous versions of windows	windows	neutral
Has great sound that is more dynamic than if you only listen to one earbud that is normally 2 .	sound	neutral
If you have run out of USB ports on your computer , I would definitely recommend this USB octopus .	USB ports	neutral
If you have run out of USB ports on your computer , I would definitely recommend this USB octopus .	USB octopus	neutral
The old keyboard had seen too many miles , and finally started producing wrong characters or no characters when I pressed certain keys .	keyboard	neutral
The old keyboard had seen too many miles , and finally started producing wrong characters or no characters when I pressed certain keys .	keys	neutral
The new banner bars at the top / bottom of the screen keep you from having to search for basic program information .	screen	neutral
The new banner bars at the top / bottom of the screen keep you from having to search for basic program information .	program	neutral
I recommend it for anyone looking to extend the life of a VGA monitor .	VGA monitor	neutral
I do n't know of the battery life holds up to the description because I only use it for 2 - 4 hours at a time .	battery life	neutral
I have relatively small hands for a big guy , and the act of typing across the touch pad made it somewhat awkward .	touch pad	neutral
Much better than a neoprene version that I checked out in terms of bulk and protective function .	protective function	neutral
The display is is winner too !	display	neutral
7 Ultimate , Windows exp .	Windows exp	neutral
Samsung SyncMaster 920NW	SyncMaster	neutral
The ultrabook on a whole is over - priced -- they could have easily thrown in a larger SSD hard drive .--------------------UPDATE	SSD hard drive	neutral
The surge protection was an added bonus .	surge protection	neutral
This unit has a defective screen .	screen	neutral
THAT IT IS NOT WIDE ENOUGH	WIDE	neutral
Quality you can feel .	Quality	neutral
Two speakers , good quality , strong volume .	speakers	neutral
Two speakers , good quality , strong volume .	volume	neutral
Since the speakers are made out of leather material and can fit around your whole ear ( depending on your ear size ) , it gets warm fast .	speakers	neutral
It looks like this adapter has a very , very short range and does n't work very well a wall or two in between the routers .	range	neutral
As soon as you take it out of the box all you have to do is hook into your USB port and that 's it .	USB port	neutral
Both ends bridge the two media types ( powerline and Ethernet ) and allow the network traffic to flow across both media types .	powerline	neutral
Both ends bridge the two media types ( powerline and Ethernet ) and allow the network traffic to flow across both media types .	Ethernet	neutral
Both ends bridge the two media types ( powerline and Ethernet ) and allow the network traffic to flow across both media types .	network traffic	neutral
This laptop takes quite some time to fully charge .	charge	neutral
If you are n't looking for one that will fit over both the screen and keyboard , you might want to considerIVSO Slim Smart Cover Case .	screen	neutral
If you are n't looking for one that will fit over both the screen and keyboard , you might want to considerIVSO Slim Smart Cover Case .	keyboard	neutral
Added a 128 GB USB3 thumbdrive to the purchase	128 GB USB3 thumbdrive	neutral
You use it to grab the pen nib to pull it out to replace the pen tips .	pen nib	neutral
You use it to grab the pen nib to pull it out to replace the pen tips .	pen tips	neutral
This is nice and I would recommend it to anybody , but the build quality of it is not quite what I expected .	build quality	neutral
I am half way across the house from the wireless router ( about 50 feet away ) , and my internet connection is super fast with no dropouts or disconnects .	internet connection	neutral
This thing is very fast with an Intel I5 in it and decent amount of RAM .	Intel I5	neutral
This thing is very fast with an Intel I5 in it and decent amount of RAM .	RAM	neutral
Price is acceptable .	Price	neutral
The software does n't seem to capable of a more nuanced backup , such as backing up the mac mail or important system configuration files .	software	neutral
I installed about 20 of these in POS machines ( paired with Intel 6205AGN dual - band cards ) .	Intel 6205AGN	neutral
I installed about 20 of these in POS machines ( paired with Intel 6205AGN dual - band cards ) .	dual - band cards	neutral
All of the Siemens 4200 series phones have a speakerphone built into both the base and remote units .	speakerphone	neutral
The only problem with the Tamrac was that the zipper for the camera compartment is the the middle of the bag and goes horizontally .	zipper for the camera compartment	neutral
An excellent product at a teriffic price .	price	neutral
The monitor itself is gorgeous - the colours are represented very well , and after spending some time in my NVIDIA control panel I had the gamma and contrast ( etc . )	monitor	neutral
The monitor itself is gorgeous - the colours are represented very well , and after spending some time in my NVIDIA control panel I had the gamma and contrast ( etc . )	colours	neutral
The monitor itself is gorgeous - the colours are represented very well , and after spending some time in my NVIDIA control panel I had the gamma and contrast ( etc . )	NVIDIA control panel	neutral
The monitor itself is gorgeous - the colours are represented very well , and after spending some time in my NVIDIA control panel I had the gamma and contrast ( etc . )	contrast	neutral
This has a flap that is a good idea .	flap	neutral
It is much slower , but still faster than when I tried the regular USB2 connectors on the MBP .	USB2 connectors	neutral
Sound quality perfect .	Sound quality	neutral
It fit the computer perfectly and is well made , equal to cases we saw at local stores for much higher prices .	prices	neutral
We have a new iPad , and the screen picks up fingerprints like Sherlock Holmes picks up clues .	screen	neutral
Since the interior case fits the tablet snugly rather than trying to hold it in place with elastic on the corners , it should fit just as well a year from now .	interior case	neutral
This cable is also easily obtainable if ever lost .	cable	neutral
When I downloaded the new Mavericks OSX , the tablet quit working entirely .	Mavericks OSX	neutral
After further inspection , I noted there was a very small gap between the 2nd and 3rd plugs on the connector and on the original battery it was at the other end .	plugs	neutral
After further inspection , I noted there was a very small gap between the 2nd and 3rd plugs on the connector and on the original battery it was at the other end .	connector	neutral
After further inspection , I noted there was a very small gap between the 2nd and 3rd plugs on the connector and on the original battery it was at the other end .	battery	neutral
More stable than the typical two prong adapter .	two prong adapter	neutral
While the portability is a nice feature , the size and stability is what is best about this hub .	portability	neutral
While the portability is a nice feature , the size and stability is what is best about this hub .	feature	neutral
While the portability is a nice feature , the size and stability is what is best about this hub .	size	neutral
While the portability is a nice feature , the size and stability is what is best about this hub .	stability	neutral
The display is gorgeous !	display	neutral
Its wireless antenna picked up all of the networks that I 've asked it to and held a very steady and reliable connection .	wireless antenna	neutral
Basically , it is a good product if you 're looking to see if you 're in or in close proximity to a hotspot , but not necessarily for if you 're driving or walking past somewhere and wish to know if you 'll have wireless connectivity inside .	wireless connectivity	neutral
I would have given this 5 stars if Apple had included a HDMI port .	HDMI port	neutral
Purchased this to replace the JLAB Bi - Flex USB external speaker which I could never get to work consistently .	JLAB Bi - Flex USB external speaker	neutral
I found the mouse to be very responsive on an ordinary tabletoptaking away the need to have a mouse pad .	mouse	neutral
I found the mouse to be very responsive on an ordinary tabletoptaking away the need to have a mouse pad .	mouse pad	neutral
This was a our second pick for a mic extension cable because it was thin and lightweight and well made .	mic extension cable	neutral
This antenna fits the bill ...	antenna	neutral
I am not entirely sure if the window 8 is slowing it down , probably not the best purchase I have made , but just do n't wanna deal with returns .	window 8	neutral
I 'm hoping this new case lasts as long as my old one .	case	neutral
These are great little speakers for the price .	price	neutral
The first thing I did after I received this computer was to get rid of the HDD and migrate my operating system to a Samsung SDD and boy	HDD	neutral
The first thing I did after I received this computer was to get rid of the HDD and migrate my operating system to a Samsung SDD and boy	operating system	neutral
If you use the firefox browser ( or any non - touch optimized program based on the desktop ) you will find it slightly more difficult to do things like open / close tabs , press the close icon , etc .	firefox browser	neutral
If you use the firefox browser ( or any non - touch optimized program based on the desktop ) you will find it slightly more difficult to do things like open / close tabs , press the close icon , etc .	program	neutral
The software installation was nearly flawless .	software installation	neutral
140 - 172As you can see the fan does help when you are hardcore gaming , keeping it around an average of 10 degrees cooler , which is significantI would also like to add that this is not very comfortable on the lap with the back pegs sticking out , but with its regular position it feels okay ,	fan	neutral
140 - 172As you can see the fan does help when you are hardcore gaming , keeping it around an average of 10 degrees cooler , which is significantI would also like to add that this is not very comfortable on the lap with the back pegs sticking out , but with its regular position it feels okay ,	gaming	neutral
I found that the radio has an auto - tuning seek and search function , but still have n't figured what buttons do what yet .	search function	neutral
I found that the radio has an auto - tuning seek and search function , but still have n't figured what buttons do what yet .	buttons	neutral
2 Macbook with 4 G of ram , and this is almost the same .	4 G of ram	neutral
They do n't have a 3 prong wall connection ( the ground wire , the positive , and the negative ) .	ground wire	neutral
Another feature I like , When you plug into the USB you find a replacement USB port at the end of the plug .	feature	neutral
Another feature I like , When you plug into the USB you find a replacement USB port at the end of the plug .	USB	neutral
Another feature I like , When you plug into the USB you find a replacement USB port at the end of the plug .	USB port	neutral
After countless hours of searching on the internet I was able to find a generic driver for it , but only after hours of searching , literally .	driver	neutral
The ssd gives this aging laptop a new life .	ssd	neutral
cable does what it says good quality love using it ca n't notice any degrade in video quality at all and the blue looks nice	video quality	neutral
cable does what it says good quality love using it ca n't notice any degrade in video quality at all and the blue looks nice	blue	neutral
Had the sotware worked , I would have given it 5 stars .	sotware	neutral
The subwoofer in back kicks off of the wall and fills the entire room !	subwoofer	neutral
2/15/14 I have verified that once the driver is installed , any video ( even before it starts playing ) will make my pc crash and reboot .	driver	neutral
The adapter installed in minutes and does everything the seller claimed .	adapter	neutral
I am typing this review on the keyboard and as you can see everytime i start a new sentence , the first 2 characters are capitalized .	keyboard	neutral
And yes , Windows 8 is very different .	Windows 8	neutral
The pen tablet is a nice feature , and I 'd personally like to use it more , but my husband always has this computer	pen tablet	neutral
I am not sure if the life of the battery will be the same as the Apple original , but for the price you can buy 3 of them for the price of 1 Apple original.-	battery	neutral
I am not sure if the life of the battery will be the same as the Apple original , but for the price you can buy 3 of them for the price of 1 Apple original.-	price	neutral
The edges have a little extra padding , which is nice when you have to carry your laptop around for a while .	edges	neutral
The Logitech software is capable and far more stable than earlier incarnations .	Logitech software	neutral
With this configuration , I can pick up and visit a client site ( or sit by the pool ) without having to copy files or configure for a road trip .	configuration	neutral
I can not say enough about the sound quality that this player offers , it is unbelievable .	sound quality	neutral
I like the quick start function .	quick start function	neutral
That 's not to say this computer is slow , but it 's not any faster than the dual core chip from four years ago .	dual core chip	neutral
For that matter to get all of the functions of your printer to work properly you should load the software from disk or other media that came with your printer .	functions	neutral
For that matter to get all of the functions of your printer to work properly you should load the software from disk or other media that came with your printer .	software	neutral
While the fan does n't blow a huge amount of air from the laptop cooler , it does blow out enough air to keep the laptop 's temps lower than without it .	fan	neutral
There might be two schools of thought on having such a short USB cord --- it 's just long enough to reach from the top of the laptop monitor to the USB plug , leaving some slack .	USB cord	neutral
There might be two schools of thought on having such a short USB cord --- it 's just long enough to reach from the top of the laptop monitor to the USB plug , leaving some slack .	USB plug	neutral
I assume this is an attempt at keeping the chip cool .	chip	neutral
Unit did not come with one or any way to power the PATA drive .	PATA drive	neutral
The reason I gave it only four stars , is that it does n't stay in as well as the original battery .	battery	neutral
On the other hand , the plastic is n't part of the operational guts , so even if the top of the plastic around the hole broke your device would still be functional .	plastic	neutral
On the other hand , the plastic is n't part of the operational guts , so even if the top of the plastic around the hole broke your device would still be functional .	plastic	neutral
On the other hand , the plastic is n't part of the operational guts , so even if the top of the plastic around the hole broke your device would still be functional .	hole	neutral
Heavy duty material ; the pocked for the laptop is well padded .	material	neutral
Loose power in a plane or hotel at night , and	power	neutral
We purchased this battery for a Dell Vostro that the kids now have .	battery	neutral
What I can share with you is what happens after you buy it and whether or not it performs .	performs	neutral
2000mAh battery pack will charge most phones from 0 % to 100 % on one charge .	2000mAh	neutral
2000mAh battery pack will charge most phones from 0 % to 100 % on one charge .	battery pack	neutral
When I did this it saw the b / g SSID ( again , it never saw the N SSID ) but could not connect .	b / g SSID	neutral
When I did this it saw the b / g SSID ( again , it never saw the N SSID ) but could not connect .	N SSID	neutral
I like the feature set on Wagan 's EL2601 Inverter .	feature	neutral
BUT TO MY ANNOYANCE IT LASTED 1 HOUR AND THE GREEN LITE WENTOUT .	GREEN LITE	neutral
The system software recognized it just fine .	system software	neutral
Cables are a bit short and the silk like carrying case / bag is ok .	Cables	neutral
Cables are a bit short and the silk like carrying case / bag is ok .	carrying case	neutral
This means the range is not that great .	range	neutral
This drive came , it 's plug and play	drive	neutral
So you have to use an adapter from full size USB to mini USB .	adapter	neutral
So you have to use an adapter from full size USB to mini USB .	mini USB	neutral
The line is a little short while it is made to be portable that the wire is made on the speaker .	wire	neutral
The line is a little short while it is made to be portable that the wire is made on the speaker .	speaker	neutral
It is very thin plastic and is pretty much incapable of holding any weight without carefully manipulating it first .	weight	neutral
When it works though , it has blazing speeds just as fast as my steady 30 Mbps wired connection in the basement .	speeds	neutral
The charger came promptly as said .	charger	neutral
Or you can plug in a thumb drive or microSD card with music folders on it and play them out loud .	thumb drive	neutral
Or you can plug in a thumb drive or microSD card with music folders on it and play them out loud .	microSD card	neutral
, my laptop has two Non - fan vents on the bottom and one fan supported Air - vent on the top left ( This is for sucking air in by the Graphics Card fan ) .	Non - fan vents	neutral
, my laptop has two Non - fan vents on the bottom and one fan supported Air - vent on the top left ( This is for sucking air in by the Graphics Card fan ) .	fan supported	neutral
, my laptop has two Non - fan vents on the bottom and one fan supported Air - vent on the top left ( This is for sucking air in by the Graphics Card fan ) .	Air - vent	neutral
, my laptop has two Non - fan vents on the bottom and one fan supported Air - vent on the top left ( This is for sucking air in by the Graphics Card fan ) .	Graphics Card fan	neutral
It has a metallic appearance , though on closer inspection it appears to be just an ordinary touchpad .	touchpad	neutral
Besides these new features , this 13-inch MacBook Pro carries over its dimensions , appearance , and weight from the previous 13-inch MacBook Pro .	features	neutral
Besides these new features , this 13-inch MacBook Pro carries over its dimensions , appearance , and weight from the previous 13-inch MacBook Pro .	dimensions	neutral
Besides these new features , this 13-inch MacBook Pro carries over its dimensions , appearance , and weight from the previous 13-inch MacBook Pro .	appearance	neutral
Besides these new features , this 13-inch MacBook Pro carries over its dimensions , appearance , and weight from the previous 13-inch MacBook Pro .	weight	neutral
It is loud , and I mean CRYSTAL CLEAR , POWERFUL BASS loud .	BASS	neutral
The best thing about this cooler is that fact that the fans can be moved according to where your laptop vents are .	fans	neutral
The battery works fine on my 2009 macbook pro with OS X Mavericks .	battery	neutral
The battery works fine on my 2009 macbook pro with OS X Mavericks .	OS X Mavericks	neutral
You can never have enough protection .	protection	neutral
But the Windows laptops were just not compelling at that price .	price	neutral
but I 'm willing to bet that if you can show me a person that says these coolers make a difference , I can show you a person that is doing some thing wrong or has fan / s that are not working in a laptop .	fan / s	neutral
I 've heard complaints about the wireless , but have n't encountered any problems connecting to my modest home network with Windows.(5 )	wireless	neutral
The speakers sound good too .	speakers	neutral
5 mm ports were all in line with one another and no extension cables were needed for my layout .	extension cables	neutral
5 mm ports were all in line with one another and no extension cables were needed for my layout .	layout	neutral
Now the Easy - to - accept Pros : Very nice leather .	leather	neutral
Not too bad for a full dual core system .	dual core system	neutral
If the music player is already on , you need to exit and restart to have it automatically recognize the speaker , so plug in the speakers before you open the program you want to use to listen to your music .	music player	neutral
If the music player is already on , you need to exit and restart to have it automatically recognize the speaker , so plug in the speakers before you open the program you want to use to listen to your music .	speaker	neutral
If the music player is already on , you need to exit and restart to have it automatically recognize the speaker , so plug in the speakers before you open the program you want to use to listen to your music .	speakers	neutral
If the music player is already on , you need to exit and restart to have it automatically recognize the speaker , so plug in the speakers before you open the program you want to use to listen to your music .	program	neutral
The good : It 's very sturdy and well - padded .	padded	neutral
Quick easy wireless connection.- GREAT price compared to other USB adapters .	wireless connection.-	neutral
Quick easy wireless connection.- GREAT price compared to other USB adapters .	price	neutral
Quick easy wireless connection.- GREAT price compared to other USB adapters .	USB adapters	neutral
Much more quiet than the previous cooling pad we had .	cooling pad	neutral
Running a new program for the first time did n't show any change , predictably .	program	neutral
The orange lining makes it easy to see if there 's anything floating around in there and the pocket ( with side opening zippers ) is useful to store AC adapters .	lining	neutral
The orange lining makes it easy to see if there 's anything floating around in there and the pocket ( with side opening zippers ) is useful to store AC adapters .	pocket	neutral
The orange lining makes it easy to see if there 's anything floating around in there and the pocket ( with side opening zippers ) is useful to store AC adapters .	AC adapters	neutral
It does charge it , just at a slower rate and when i put my computer on hi perfomance it gets very hot but as long as it works ill take it over the $ 60 one .	charge	neutral
Great product , looks nice and finish is great .	finish	neutral
SanDisk makes quality drives , and this one is no exception .	drives	neutral
The up arrow on the keyboard just right of the right shift key , just under the right side of the Enter key , you hit it all the time and it gets so annoying .	up arrow	neutral
The up arrow on the keyboard just right of the right shift key , just under the right side of the Enter key , you hit it all the time and it gets so annoying .	keyboard	neutral
The up arrow on the keyboard just right of the right shift key , just under the right side of the Enter key , you hit it all the time and it gets so annoying .	Enter key	neutral
All in all this is an excellent mouse for travel .	mouse	neutral
It does require 2 cables to operate but they both go straight into your PC so there is no power plug for an outlet which makes it even greater in my book .	cables	neutral
It does require 2 cables to operate but they both go straight into your PC so there is no power plug for an outlet which makes it even greater in my book .	power plug	neutral
For those of you familiar with Windows 8 ; Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
For those of you familiar with Windows 8 ; Windows 8 .	Windows 8	neutral
In addition , one of the included screws actually broke in half while I was screwing the drive in .	included screws	neutral
In addition , one of the included screws actually broke in half while I was screwing the drive in .	drive	neutral
With the USB connection on my computer , making the connection is just two - click process .	USB connection	neutral
Pros : Generally awesomeSupposedly will be getting Android 4 . 0 by MarchHDMI portGreat priceCons	Android 4 . 0	neutral
Pros : Generally awesomeSupposedly will be getting Android 4 . 0 by MarchHDMI portGreat priceCons	priceCons	neutral
Once you know how it goes on , it 's actually much better than the threaded caps for the earlier models .	threaded caps	neutral
If you do not plan on gaming , then this dock is great for work or watching movies !	gaming	neutral
If you do not plan on gaming , then this dock is great for work or watching movies !	dock	neutral
Good stuff : the screen is 1024x600 , not quite a conventional resolution but enough for most purposes .	screen	neutral
The performance can not even be compared to any standalone player .	performance	neutral
Quick shipping and item is as described .	shipping	neutral
so I bought this 6-foot MediaBridge cable .	6-foot	neutral
so I bought this 6-foot MediaBridge cable .	MediaBridge cable	neutral
A certain portion of extra online storage space should have been made available free to owners of a Google chromebook for the lifetime of the device .	online storage space	neutral
First one I bought was from Costco	Costco	neutral
Beyond that , for the price point , it 's a great laptop bag , looks good , feels well made , and I would highly recommend to others .	price point	neutral
I took this little speaker to work and every body can not believe how much sound can come out of a little device like this .	sound	neutral
Unfortunately for me I do n't have a remote control for my stereo setup which is actually an audio mixer connected to powered studio monitor speakers .	remote control	neutral
Unfortunately for me I do n't have a remote control for my stereo setup which is actually an audio mixer connected to powered studio monitor speakers .	stereo setup	neutral
Unfortunately for me I do n't have a remote control for my stereo setup which is actually an audio mixer connected to powered studio monitor speakers .	audio mixer	neutral
The backups run pretty quickly - I can move 4 gigs of photos off a CF card in about four minutes ; the Epson does n't take forever to generate thumbnails so you can view your photos ; and the user interface on the device itself is very intuitive .	backups	neutral
The backups run pretty quickly - I can move 4 gigs of photos off a CF card in about four minutes ; the Epson does n't take forever to generate thumbnails so you can view your photos ; and the user interface on the device itself is very intuitive .	Epson	neutral
The backups run pretty quickly - I can move 4 gigs of photos off a CF card in about four minutes ; the Epson does n't take forever to generate thumbnails so you can view your photos ; and the user interface on the device itself is very intuitive .	user interface	neutral
It looks and performs like a brand - new unit that would have cost many many times as much .	performs	neutral
It looks and performs like a brand - new unit that would have cost many many times as much .	cost	neutral
Mini NB205-N210 fits her needs but the biggest advantage is the portability .	portability	neutral
I thought Antec quality is not so good .	Antec quality	neutral
Cable lengths are more than adequate .	Cable lengths	neutral
Sound is excellent for all types of music .	Sound	neutral
it is perfectly transparent where the last one i had got fingerprints and actually interfered with the image of the screen .	screen	neutral
Even when I get the positioning correct and it begins charging , sometimes the connection drops in and out stopping then resuming charging and always sounds the wireless charging alert .	charging	neutral
Even when I get the positioning correct and it begins charging , sometimes the connection drops in and out stopping then resuming charging and always sounds the wireless charging alert .	connection	neutral
Even when I get the positioning correct and it begins charging , sometimes the connection drops in and out stopping then resuming charging and always sounds the wireless charging alert .	charging	neutral
Even when I get the positioning correct and it begins charging , sometimes the connection drops in and out stopping then resuming charging and always sounds the wireless charging alert .	wireless charging	neutral
Bought this RAM for my Acer notebook .	RAM	neutral
Although the volume was louder than the Altec speaker I am using now , the sound quality bothered me to the point that I had to send it back .	volume	neutral
Although the volume was louder than the Altec speaker I am using now , the sound quality bothered me to the point that I had to send it back .	sound quality	neutral
it 's great having it on battery	battery	neutral
I never thought it would be possible to use a computer for so long away from a power plug , this new air did it .	power plug	neutral
While I think the design of included case ( they call it a bumper ) could be improved , it is VERY good at protecting the overall unit from drops ( there are drop test videos on the Nabi website ) .	design	neutral
While I think the design of included case ( they call it a bumper ) could be improved , it is VERY good at protecting the overall unit from drops ( there are drop test videos on the Nabi website ) .	included case	neutral
but if you like different and interesting designes , its pretty good macbook sleeve .	designes	neutral
I 've had one of these for a good 3 or 4 months now with moderate usage .	usage	neutral
I put them into the keyboard , turned it on and pushed the button to link the iPad and keyboard with Bluetooth .	keyboard	neutral
I put them into the keyboard , turned it on and pushed the button to link the iPad and keyboard with Bluetooth .	keyboard	neutral
I put them into the keyboard , turned it on and pushed the button to link the iPad and keyboard with Bluetooth .	Bluetooth	neutral
The printer has a dedicated panel door , which opens without tools , and no tools are needed to install the memory module , either .	panel door	neutral
The printer has a dedicated panel door , which opens without tools , and no tools are needed to install the memory module , either .	memory module	neutral
Bought this for my daughter , she likes it and also like the way it hooks to the audio jack when not in use ... less likely to lose or misplace it that way .	audio jack	neutral
So many of the less frequently operated functions are on menus and slightly more difficult to find .	functions	neutral
Screen protector is great .	Screen protector	neutral
" re install windows " .	windows	neutral
Only has one ram slot accessible to the user , ( the other ram chip is soldered on the mb . )	ram slot	neutral
Only has one ram slot accessible to the user , ( the other ram chip is soldered on the mb . )	ram chip	neutral
Caselogic would have been better served by designing a better strap and padding system .	strap	neutral
Caselogic would have been better served by designing a better strap and padding system .	padding system	neutral
For video , it has a DVI port and an RGB / VGA type connector as well as a single DisplayPort connector .	DVI port	neutral
For video , it has a DVI port and an RGB / VGA type connector as well as a single DisplayPort connector .	RGB /	neutral
For video , it has a DVI port and an RGB / VGA type connector as well as a single DisplayPort connector .	VGA type connector	neutral
For video , it has a DVI port and an RGB / VGA type connector as well as a single DisplayPort connector .	DisplayPort connector	neutral
But nevertheless , the drive showed only 4 KB of free space .	drive	neutral
The WiFi I use is 802 . 11n	WiFi	neutral
The only problem I had with this is that the USB cord would somehow catch on or rub against the fan causing either an annoying noise or a complete fan stoppage .	USB cord	neutral
The only problem I had with this is that the USB cord would somehow catch on or rub against the fan causing either an annoying noise or a complete fan stoppage .	fan	neutral
The only problem I had with this is that the USB cord would somehow catch on or rub against the fan causing either an annoying noise or a complete fan stoppage .	fan	neutral
It 's on its last legs but it still operates better than my wife 's newer Toshiba .	operates	neutral
Without the 500 GB hard drive , this would have been nothing more than a causal computer for lightweight use .	500 GB hard drive	neutral
Since I do n't travel a lot this feature is not worth double the cost of the other bags especially when you factor in the other drawbacks that comes with this Thule .	feature	neutral
Since I do n't travel a lot this feature is not worth double the cost of the other bags especially when you factor in the other drawbacks that comes with this Thule .	cost	neutral
It was 3 dollars cheaper 7 years ago , but I 'd say it 's definitely worth the price !	price	neutral
We ended up re - purposing this HTPC as a lightweight desktop PC , and the additional RAM seems to have helped a lot when using MS Office 2010 applications .	MS Office 2010 applications	neutral
Should be charge up to 100 % and work life about 4 - 4 . 5 hours .	charge	neutral
Should be charge up to 100 % and work life about 4 - 4 . 5 hours .	work life	neutral
My computer found the hardware before I even got done pushing it all the way in , lol .. epic .	hardware	neutral
There is no magnetic function as is to be expected on any adequate iPad cover and closing it requires placing an elastic around it .	magnetic function	neutral
The software took this Microsoft - handicapped user about an hour to figure out , but if you work with it enough , you 'll find you can learn something new every day .	software	neutral
My husband is even impressed with the big sound of this little clock radio in our bathroom ; I just formated an 8 GB flash drive to FAT32 and loaded mp3s onto it ; I could n't find anything like it anywhere .	sound	neutral
My husband is even impressed with the big sound of this little clock radio in our bathroom ; I just formated an 8 GB flash drive to FAT32 and loaded mp3s onto it ; I could n't find anything like it anywhere .	8 GB flash drive	neutral
My husband is even impressed with the big sound of this little clock radio in our bathroom ; I just formated an 8 GB flash drive to FAT32 and loaded mp3s onto it ; I could n't find anything like it anywhere .	FAT32	neutral
Even at idle speed the fan is too loud for anything other than a machine that is going to be tucked under your desk ... far under your desk .	fan	neutral
It is easy to use for the beginner but also a semi pro can do nice things with it .	use	neutral
Adaptor works great and my sister is very happy with how fast it arrived .	Adaptor	neutral
This was an easy upgrade and it 's cost was n't too unreasonable .	cost	neutral
This bag is very stiff and protects well .	protects	neutral
Update : Since writing the original review I have abandoned using the dock with 4 K monitors -- it 's just too unreliable .	dock	neutral
The pockets are shaped appropriately for pens / pencils , memory cards / thumb drives , credit / business cards , etc .	pockets	neutral
The pockets are shaped appropriately for pens / pencils , memory cards / thumb drives , credit / business cards , etc .	memory cards	neutral
The pockets are shaped appropriately for pens / pencils , memory cards / thumb drives , credit / business cards , etc .	thumb drives	neutral
Thunderbolt is utterly useless , unless you plan on buying a $ 1 , 000 drive array , or a $ 1 , 000 monitor .	Thunderbolt	neutral
Thunderbolt is utterly useless , unless you plan on buying a $ 1 , 000 drive array , or a $ 1 , 000 monitor .	monitor	neutral
Love the normal size USB port but finding the mini HDMI port a problem to connect to my desktop monitor for a larger screen .	USB port	neutral
Love the normal size USB port but finding the mini HDMI port a problem to connect to my desktop monitor for a larger screen .	mini HDMI port	neutral
Love the normal size USB port but finding the mini HDMI port a problem to connect to my desktop monitor for a larger screen .	screen	neutral
So I upgraded the OS to Ubuntu 12 . 10 from within 12 . 04 .	OS	neutral
So I upgraded the OS to Ubuntu 12 . 10 from within 12 . 04 .	Ubuntu 12 . 10	neutral
Not enough RAM definitely was the bottle neck in my laptop .	RAM	neutral
I was about to spend over $ 50 to get a second hub for work .	hub	neutral
good microphone too .	microphone	neutral
Pretty good for the price .	price	neutral
This was compatible with our laptop , but only held about an hour charge .	charge	neutral
DOES NOT RUN WINDOWS ...	WINDOWS	neutral
I later recouped most of the profit selling to a friend who did n't mind booting linux from an sd card .	linux	neutral
I later recouped most of the profit selling to a friend who did n't mind booting linux from an sd card .	sd card	neutral
I love the cut off on the bottom to perserve the battery .	bottom	neutral
I love the cut off on the bottom to perserve the battery .	battery	neutral
I 've even packed it lopsided and had some of the flaps hanging open , and it still did n't tip .	flaps	neutral
It is adequate for the 500mA current rating of older USB1 and USB2 connections but I would not recommend using these adapters to charge modern smartphones , tablets , etc . from newer computers or power bricks that can provide 2000mA or more .	USB1	neutral
It is adequate for the 500mA current rating of older USB1 and USB2 connections but I would not recommend using these adapters to charge modern smartphones , tablets , etc . from newer computers or power bricks that can provide 2000mA or more .	USB2 connections	neutral
Wanted to combine the Cradlepoint PHS300 unit with this Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go USB dongle for wifi signal for my iPad and laptop .	Broadband2Go USB dongle	neutral
Wanted to combine the Cradlepoint PHS300 unit with this Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go USB dongle for wifi signal for my iPad and laptop .	wifi signal	neutral
hungry).Note that this will work with devices that do n't support bluetooth , because it handles wireless through its own transmitter .	bluetooth	neutral
hungry).Note that this will work with devices that do n't support bluetooth , because it handles wireless through its own transmitter .	wireless	neutral
Until I installed the IOGEAR USB 3 . 0	IOGEAR USB 3 . 0	neutral
I needed a small , no - frills mouse that I could plug in via USB port , and this product absolutely delivered .	mouse	neutral
I needed a small , no - frills mouse that I could plug in via USB port , and this product absolutely delivered .	USB port	neutral
8x DVD Writer External Optical Drive ( SDRW-08D1S - U ) for this one and am very glad that I did .	DVD Writer External Optical Drive	neutral
If you are looking for a case for your Kindle and do n't feel like parting with three twenties ...	case	neutral
I keep the battery cover off so that I can roll them around at any time .	battery cover	neutral
The manual for the camcorder and software covers very little of camera use .	manual	neutral
The manual for the camcorder and software covers very little of camera use .	software	neutral
They probably should have used the buttons that extend out further when in " OFF " position and stay pressed - in when in " ON " position .	buttons	neutral
I did n't need any other drivers .	drivers	neutral
The shoulder straps are a great shape and fit incredibly well while in use .	shoulder straps	neutral
Great operating system .	operating system	neutral
The fan is at the bottom left corner of the Latitude .	fan	neutral
Fortunately , it was the supply and not the jack or anything inside the laptop .	supply	neutral
Fortunately , it was the supply and not the jack or anything inside the laptop .	jack	neutral
Basically , I 'm using just about every feature this dock can offer !	feature	neutral
Basically , I 'm using just about every feature this dock can offer !	dock	neutral
It is a very attractive bag and has all the features and qualities you come to expect from Swiss Army backpacks .	features	neutral
The After having thrown away my money on cheaper cables , Mediabridge 's 1-year warranty sold me .	1-year warranty	neutral
I went into kicking since I am one of the few to like Vista , but after a while I came to my senses and the look of 7 is better.-6 GB SDRAM RAM for all temporary simultaneous running of programs-640 GB 5400RPM Hard Drive more than enough for mePLUSES:-nice battery life , about 5 hours - extremely quiet , no fan noise with HP CoolSense - quick startup / shutdown-15 .	Vista	neutral
I went into kicking since I am one of the few to like Vista , but after a while I came to my senses and the look of 7 is better.-6 GB SDRAM RAM for all temporary simultaneous running of programs-640 GB 5400RPM Hard Drive more than enough for mePLUSES:-nice battery life , about 5 hours - extremely quiet , no fan noise with HP CoolSense - quick startup / shutdown-15 .	programs-640	neutral
I went into kicking since I am one of the few to like Vista , but after a while I came to my senses and the look of 7 is better.-6 GB SDRAM RAM for all temporary simultaneous running of programs-640 GB 5400RPM Hard Drive more than enough for mePLUSES:-nice battery life , about 5 hours - extremely quiet , no fan noise with HP CoolSense - quick startup / shutdown-15 .	Hard Drive	neutral
I went into kicking since I am one of the few to like Vista , but after a while I came to my senses and the look of 7 is better.-6 GB SDRAM RAM for all temporary simultaneous running of programs-640 GB 5400RPM Hard Drive more than enough for mePLUSES:-nice battery life , about 5 hours - extremely quiet , no fan noise with HP CoolSense - quick startup / shutdown-15 .	battery life	neutral
I went into kicking since I am one of the few to like Vista , but after a while I came to my senses and the look of 7 is better.-6 GB SDRAM RAM for all temporary simultaneous running of programs-640 GB 5400RPM Hard Drive more than enough for mePLUSES:-nice battery life , about 5 hours - extremely quiet , no fan noise with HP CoolSense - quick startup / shutdown-15 .	fan noise	neutral
I went into kicking since I am one of the few to like Vista , but after a while I came to my senses and the look of 7 is better.-6 GB SDRAM RAM for all temporary simultaneous running of programs-640 GB 5400RPM Hard Drive more than enough for mePLUSES:-nice battery life , about 5 hours - extremely quiet , no fan noise with HP CoolSense - quick startup / shutdown-15 .	startup	neutral
I went into kicking since I am one of the few to like Vista , but after a while I came to my senses and the look of 7 is better.-6 GB SDRAM RAM for all temporary simultaneous running of programs-640 GB 5400RPM Hard Drive more than enough for mePLUSES:-nice battery life , about 5 hours - extremely quiet , no fan noise with HP CoolSense - quick startup / shutdown-15 .	shutdown-15	neutral
The device will show up in some computers , but not my Core i7 running Windows 7 64 .	Windows 7 64	neutral
I know there is a lot of hype on the iHome speakers ,	iHome speakers	neutral
This worked out of the box with ubuntu 8 .	ubuntu 8	neutral
Those who like the bass and rich warm sound of the SL .	bass	neutral
FYI , no pairing is required for the dongle .	dongle	neutral
The LCD quality is outstanding ( a definite deal maker for me , because I needed a portable for photo editing ) ; the keyboard is the best I 've ever used on a laptop , very comfortable , spacious and not spongy at all ; sound quality is better than expected for a portable .	LCD quality	neutral
The LCD quality is outstanding ( a definite deal maker for me , because I needed a portable for photo editing ) ; the keyboard is the best I 've ever used on a laptop , very comfortable , spacious and not spongy at all ; sound quality is better than expected for a portable .	keyboard	neutral
The LCD quality is outstanding ( a definite deal maker for me , because I needed a portable for photo editing ) ; the keyboard is the best I 've ever used on a laptop , very comfortable , spacious and not spongy at all ; sound quality is better than expected for a portable .	sound quality	neutral
i loved the fact of having a 6 ft cable that could charge my phone but the problem was with the micro part .	6 ft cable	neutral
i loved the fact of having a 6 ft cable that could charge my phone but the problem was with the micro part .	micro part	neutral
The ' remote ' button is convenient enough that it 's easier to just lift my arm up and click than it is to remember hot keys .	' remote ' button	neutral
The ' remote ' button is convenient enough that it 's easier to just lift my arm up and click than it is to remember hot keys .	keys	neutral
I disabled the trackpad	trackpad	neutral
Moving mouse w/ touch pad got annoying at times .	mouse	neutral
Moving mouse w/ touch pad got annoying at times .	touch pad	neutral
Both do the job , but the IOGear is better .	IOGear	neutral
I 'll let everyone else review the apps and technicals - all I want to say is I do n't think I could have done any better with my " upgrade".1 .	apps	neutral
I 'll let everyone else review the apps and technicals - all I want to say is I do n't think I could have done any better with my " upgrade".1 .	technicals	neutral
I think my only complaint about this player is that the menus are a little unintuitive to navigate .	menus	neutral
I think my only complaint about this player is that the menus are a little unintuitive to navigate .	navigate	neutral
No more desktop work ( except to batch encode or use as a render farm ) , and no more bulky laptops ( this thing is everything I want and need).5 out of 5 stars .	render farm	neutral
Out of the box , I needed to connect about 5 USB devices .	USB devices	neutral
In the past , I have had difficulty releasing notebooks from Dell docking stations .	docking stations	neutral
Overall , this is a well made ipad case with keyboard integrated .	keyboard	neutral
I imagine its clear sound is great for laptop presentations , too .	sound	neutral
3 pockets that would hold small notepads , cards , cellphones and in one of these 3 , there are two pen holders .	pen holders	neutral
Even using Media Player , I can tweak the sound and bring the volume up so the music is much better quality ( blowing the Sony away ) .	Media Player	neutral
Even using Media Player , I can tweak the sound and bring the volume up so the music is much better quality ( blowing the Sony away ) .	sound	neutral
internet is fast and can almost download at optimal speed of my internet .	internet	neutral
internet is fast and can almost download at optimal speed of my internet .	speed	neutral
The power supply fit the previous card which I was trying to replace , so I put the old card back and kept the power supply .	power supply	neutral
The power supply fit the previous card which I was trying to replace , so I put the old card back and kept the power supply .	power supply	neutral
Besides the little green light on the enclosure lighting up , nothing else happens and the computer just does n't see the new hardware at all .	enclosure	neutral
Besides the little green light on the enclosure lighting up , nothing else happens and the computer just does n't see the new hardware at all .	hardware	neutral
If price , size and prompt delivery is your major concern , go for it .	price	neutral
If price , size and prompt delivery is your major concern , go for it .	size	neutral
If price , size and prompt delivery is your major concern , go for it .	delivery	neutral
Gmail monitor and perhaps a few other little helpful apps .	Gmail monitor	neutral
Used this to look at 4 old IDE drives being : 1 GB , 6 GB , 20 GB and 30 GB .	IDE drives	neutral
I found a couple of great programs , I use Red Dot forever ( free ) to record , it 's great because it 's really simple and you can program piano keys ( or pedal ) to control play , stop and record .	programs	neutral
I found a couple of great programs , I use Red Dot forever ( free ) to record , it 's great because it 's really simple and you can program piano keys ( or pedal ) to control play , stop and record .	piano keys	neutral
I purchased this item because the drive the came with my laptop stopped working correctly .	drive	neutral
This is an inexpensive speaker system compared to others on the market but the sound quality is not on par , you get what you pay for .	speaker system	neutral
This is an inexpensive speaker system compared to others on the market but the sound quality is not on par , you get what you pay for .	sound quality	neutral
Browser&#34;. Browsing is the only thing you can do if you live abroad .	Browsing	neutral
And yes , gaming is simply phenomenal on this machine .	gaming	neutral
The reverse pattern is great too which was a plus when the other side got dirty .	reverse pattern	neutral
I tend to leave my laptop on plugged in for most of the day , so I could be messing with the battery life .	battery life	neutral
Each end seems to be to specification - fits everything it should .	end	neutral
It feels the same in XP as it does in Windows 7 , so	XP	neutral
It feels the same in XP as it does in Windows 7 , so	Windows 7	neutral
No more long wire getting caught underneath the seat .	wire	neutral
Compare that with our 3 year old iPad 2 that has survived drop after drop and still works great even with a cracked / shattered screen .	works	neutral
Compare that with our 3 year old iPad 2 that has survived drop after drop and still works great even with a cracked / shattered screen .	screen	neutral
However it is easy to set up , and my family loves it .	set up	neutral
The screen would go black except for the & # 34;slide to unlock&#34 ; option .	screen	neutral
but great sound quality with good base .	sound quality	neutral
but great sound quality with good base .	base	neutral
I just liked the specs at the time .	specs	neutral
What I do n't like is that in order to connect this unit to the internet , you need to have an ethernet cable , no wireless .	ethernet cable	neutral
This is mainly due to the flimsiness of the HDMI plug ends ( the gold part ) .	HDMI plug ends	neutral
It went in without any trouble and holds a charge well .	charge	neutral
All in all a very nice mouse for a very nice price !	mouse	neutral
All in all a very nice mouse for a very nice price !	price	neutral
Subsequent research on the internet leads me to believe that this is a common problem with this computer , not the battery .	battery	neutral
Please do that at your own risk and be sure to have a system backup done first before you try that and a rescue disk .	system backup	neutral
I bought this unit to link my Compaq Ipaq ( USB connectors only ) to my wireless LAN at home .	USB connectors	neutral
I bought this unit to link my Compaq Ipaq ( USB connectors only ) to my wireless LAN at home .	wireless LAN	neutral
Every the cable spring clamps are cheaply made and weaken rapidly .	cable spring clamps	neutral
This battery is okay for the price , but its charge will rapidly reduce over time .	battery	neutral
This battery is okay for the price , but its charge will rapidly reduce over time .	price	neutral
This battery is okay for the price , but its charge will rapidly reduce over time .	charge	neutral
I considered buying a Dell brand battery , but that battery cost as much as I paid for the whole laptop , so I went without the battery for a year or two .	battery	neutral
I considered buying a Dell brand battery , but that battery cost as much as I paid for the whole laptop , so I went without the battery for a year or two .	battery	neutral
I considered buying a Dell brand battery , but that battery cost as much as I paid for the whole laptop , so I went without the battery for a year or two .	battery	neutral
It 's relatively inexpensive , and it seems like it 's good quality ( with nicely molded ends ) , and of course , it works perfectly .	ends	neutral
The sound quality and connectivity are a little bit better than the Monster ClarityHD that I have but that unit would allow connection from the remote device .	sound quality	neutral
The sound quality and connectivity are a little bit better than the Monster ClarityHD that I have but that unit would allow connection from the remote device .	connectivity	neutral
Eject does not work well from within windows 7 .	Eject	neutral
Eject does not work well from within windows 7 .	windows 7	neutral
I do recommend it and works well .	works	neutral
Now I 'm fully charged and hand it over to her so she can charge too ( different voltage and plug size ) .	plug size	neutral
Sorry Dell or Intel , if you can fix the Wi - Fi issues , then I would love this laptop.*Update	Wi - Fi	neutral
listo todos mis discos duros externos , cd rom etc estan funcionando ( trae	cd rom	neutral
* * For my initial two charges : I fully charged the battery and then disconnected the laptop from the AC power source .	battery	neutral
* * For my initial two charges : I fully charged the battery and then disconnected the laptop from the AC power source .	AC power source	neutral
The stand besides it is very usefull since it gives free motion to the TV ( left and right about 30 degress).UPdate : 4 years after .	stand	neutral
The stand besides it is very usefull since it gives free motion to the TV ( left and right about 30 degress).UPdate : 4 years after .	motion	neutral
Initially , I tested the stylus with the Super Note application for my ASUS eePad	stylus	neutral
Initially , I tested the stylus with the Super Note application for my ASUS eePad	Super Note application	neutral
I ordered a new one , and an antenna as the old one was broken in half after a fall off a fence .	antenna	neutral
After upgrading my wireless system from G to N , I needed to purchase new wireless adapters for our computers in our house , so I have bought three of these .	wireless system	neutral
After upgrading my wireless system from G to N , I needed to purchase new wireless adapters for our computers in our house , so I have bought three of these .	wireless adapters	neutral
The best parts are that it is USB 3 . 0 , the case is aluminum , and there is a protective case .	USB 3 . 0	neutral
The best parts are that it is USB 3 . 0 , the case is aluminum , and there is a protective case .	case	neutral
I still ca n't tap in the right spot without a stylus , but the little crosshair is quite amusing .	stylus	neutral
Well first of all , this thing is really small , definitely not going to cause wire - routing issues or anything like that .	wire - routing	neutral
The backlighting is only bright on the right side .	backlighting	neutral
Even without the HT , this little laptop performs much faster than my Atom netbook .	performs	neutral
This bag is not made of hard material .	material	neutral
This little unit has four buttons on the top that include power , Bluetooth , Volume- , and Volume+ .	power	neutral
This little unit has four buttons on the top that include power , Bluetooth , Volume- , and Volume+ .	Bluetooth	neutral
This little unit has four buttons on the top that include power , Bluetooth , Volume- , and Volume+ .	Volume-	neutral
This little unit has four buttons on the top that include power , Bluetooth , Volume- , and Volume+ .	Volume+	neutral
Heads up that most old TV sets have quite low resolutions .	resolutions	neutral
This problem is infrequent , and easily rectified by just wiggling the connector slightly	connector	neutral
Picture Quality , Size , Internet ( use it to watch NetFlix movies ) , Automatic detection of components , Very Large Viewing AngleCONS	Picture Quality	neutral
Picture Quality , Size , Internet ( use it to watch NetFlix movies ) , Automatic detection of components , Very Large Viewing AngleCONS	Size	neutral
Picture Quality , Size , Internet ( use it to watch NetFlix movies ) , Automatic detection of components , Very Large Viewing AngleCONS	Internet	neutral
Picture Quality , Size , Internet ( use it to watch NetFlix movies ) , Automatic detection of components , Very Large Viewing AngleCONS	Viewing AngleCONS	neutral
I found it intuitive operation wise .	operation	neutral
The cable works fine , but the end that fits into the tablet does n't really connect in as snugly as the charging or computer cables that came with it .	cable	neutral
The cable works fine , but the end that fits into the tablet does n't really connect in as snugly as the charging or computer cables that came with it .	charging	neutral
Network and Internet setup was a snap , and did n't require much more beyond adding it to our Firewall 's ' good guy ' list .	Network and	neutral
Network and Internet setup was a snap , and did n't require much more beyond adding it to our Firewall 's ' good guy ' list .	Internet setup	neutral
Network and Internet setup was a snap , and did n't require much more beyond adding it to our Firewall 's ' good guy ' list .	Firewall	neutral
This thing rocks for the price .	price	neutral
Unfortunately the shoulder strap started to separate after my first trip with the bag .	shoulder strap	neutral
The design is perfectly executed .	design	neutral
The case snaps on nicely via the ever - so - slightly overlapping tabs spaced around the top and bottom ( the top and bottom case halves are separate ) .	case	neutral
We ended up buying a new hair dryer , curling iron , and electric toothbrush , which we left over there since we will probably never use them again .	hair dryer	neutral
We ended up buying a new hair dryer , curling iron , and electric toothbrush , which we left over there since we will probably never use them again .	curling iron	neutral
We ended up buying a new hair dryer , curling iron , and electric toothbrush , which we left over there since we will probably never use them again .	electric toothbrush	neutral
Sorry about Logitech 's software issues with MS XT and Win7 .	software	neutral
Sorry about Logitech 's software issues with MS XT and Win7 .	MS XT	neutral
Sorry about Logitech 's software issues with MS XT and Win7 .	Win7	neutral
Games are allot of fun on it also .	Games	neutral
My laptop has a 20 inch screen and this cooler works perfect .	20 inch screen	neutral
Fantastic buy for the price .	price	neutral
Yup , it 's the mother board , $ 500 to fix , and wait a second .	mother board	neutral
Plug and play operation on windows 7 and it works great for connecting a bluetooth keyboard .	windows 7	neutral
Plug and play operation on windows 7 and it works great for connecting a bluetooth keyboard .	bluetooth keyboard	neutral
I really enjoy it for the great combination between software and hardware .	software	neutral
I really enjoy it for the great combination between software and hardware .	hardware	neutral
I was concerned about what would happen to the native WiFi on the laptop , since I want to use the QQ Tech device only when the laptop does not connect .	native WiFi	neutral
I was concerned about what would happen to the native WiFi on the laptop , since I want to use the QQ Tech device only when the laptop does not connect .	QQ Tech device	neutral
So if you 're looking for portability , keep going , this is n't what you want .	portability	neutral
The only drawback of this unit is video playback capability .	video playback capability	neutral
Lightweight , decent battery life , and best of all inexpensive .	battery life	neutral
The design is also quite impressive , to some extent .	design	neutral
Other than that it works great	works	neutral
it has wonderful sound .	sound	neutral
> Image quality seemed to get higher praises from reviews than the Panasonic m43 cameras .	Image quality	neutral
Excellent cloths .	cloths	neutral
Very little bloatware ( in fact nothing I have felt compelled to uninstall except the TrendMicro Internet app as I already employ Norton 360).I'm not a fan of windows	bloatware	neutral
Very little bloatware ( in fact nothing I have felt compelled to uninstall except the TrendMicro Internet app as I already employ Norton 360).I'm not a fan of windows	TrendMicro Internet app	neutral
Very little bloatware ( in fact nothing I have felt compelled to uninstall except the TrendMicro Internet app as I already employ Norton 360).I'm not a fan of windows	Norton 360).I'm	neutral
Very little bloatware ( in fact nothing I have felt compelled to uninstall except the TrendMicro Internet app as I already employ Norton 360).I'm not a fan of windows	windows	neutral
Great price ( it was $ 1499 when i bought it )	price	neutral
It sounds really good for it 's size , which I believe is about the most important aspect of a speaker .	size	neutral
Much of that has to do with the hardware architecture and the OS , which are far superior to Win7 devices .	hardware architecture	neutral
Much of that has to do with the hardware architecture and the OS , which are far superior to Win7 devices .	OS	neutral
Much of that has to do with the hardware architecture and the OS , which are far superior to Win7 devices .	Win7 devices	neutral
But if you flip a small switch on the card , it will advertise itself like a WiFi hotspot .	card	neutral
But if you flip a small switch on the card , it will advertise itself like a WiFi hotspot .	WiFi	neutral
What a great idea and what a wonderful remote control for my iPhone and my iPad and as a remote shutter for my cameras that are built - in to my Apple devices .	remote control	neutral
I use this to connect my MP3 player or computer to my stereo , and the extra length allows some forgiveness if you catch it with your feet .	length	neutral
Since the QNS-113 is classified as a ' sleeve , ' be aware that there are no additional pockets or compartments , inside or out , so you will not be able to carry any accessories or a power brick with you .	power brick	neutral
It 's trying to do lots of things , USB , video transmission ... but does n't really pull it off well .	USB	neutral
It 's trying to do lots of things , USB , video transmission ... but does n't really pull it off well .	video transmission	neutral
The design on this is great .	design	neutral
It is light ( 2 . 31 pounds ) , it has a good keyboard , and it is specifically designed to work well with Google stuff .	keyboard	neutral
Only 750 Gig HD- Partitioned	750 Gig HD-	neutral
If I lower brightness to the lowest setting I can squeeze out close to 6 hours I think , which for this size of computer and its power , is amazing !	brightness	neutral
If I lower brightness to the lowest setting I can squeeze out close to 6 hours I think , which for this size of computer and its power , is amazing !	power	neutral
very good replacement at a reasonable cost , also it does have a nice quality to it- in that	cost	neutral
very good replacement at a reasonable cost , also it does have a nice quality to it- in that	quality	neutral
Um , it 's a sleeve ; if you want additional room to hold other items , get a case or bag .	sleeve	neutral
I bought this pc 2 years ago , in those 2 years I have replaced 1 motherboard ( could not get an oem from hp had to hunt down one that would work which means low and behold	motherboard	neutral
does it mention the base pads as covering the screws .	base pads	neutral
does it mention the base pads as covering the screws .	screws	neutral
I am a fan of Logitech mice simply because of their quality , durability , and functionality .	durability	neutral
I am a fan of Logitech mice simply because of their quality , durability , and functionality .	functionality	neutral
It is about 1/3 the price of retail stores .	price	neutral
First of all I 'll note that the design here has promise , it is only the quality of the parts that is lacking .	design	neutral
First of all I 'll note that the design here has promise , it is only the quality of the parts that is lacking .	quality	neutral
It does not have a microphone as some reviewers have stated .	microphone	neutral
It is a great length for keeping by the bed because I can look at my tablet while it is plugged into the charger behind the nightstand .	length	neutral
You can take the dividers out and put whatever you want in them , but they really only work well with camera gear .	dividers	neutral
My only complaint is that the cable is a few feet shorter , so you 'll be tethered a little closer than you 're used to .	cable	neutral
I asked the Fan - a - Techs what to do and their only advice was to shut it off .	Fan - a - Techs	neutral
Video card is decent , but this is not a gaming machine and for the price it quite good .	Video card	neutral
Video card is decent , but this is not a gaming machine and for the price it quite good .	gaming	neutral
Video card is decent , but this is not a gaming machine and for the price it quite good .	price	neutral
The keyboard itself feels the same as the original .	keyboard	neutral
Made of hard steel hinges , and holds tight with metal screws on the mounting bracket to the windshield device that holds superbly .	hinges	neutral
Made of hard steel hinges , and holds tight with metal screws on the mounting bracket to the windshield device that holds superbly .	screws	neutral
Made of hard steel hinges , and holds tight with metal screws on the mounting bracket to the windshield device that holds superbly .	mounting bracket	neutral
I tried to install this tuner on a XP MCE laptop and Vista 32bit desktop and neither worked .	tuner	neutral
I tried to install this tuner on a XP MCE laptop and Vista 32bit desktop and neither worked .	Vista 32bit	neutral
The glossiness factor is overdone on the outside of the machine .	glossiness factor	neutral
Nice buildgood grip in both usb and micro usb ends .	buildgood	neutral
Nice buildgood grip in both usb and micro usb ends .	usb	neutral
Nice buildgood grip in both usb and micro usb ends .	micro usb ends	neutral
It 's very well designed and constructed - you can tell a lot of thought went into the design .	designed	neutral
It 's very well designed and constructed - you can tell a lot of thought went into the design .	design	neutral
This cover is great .	cover	neutral
One note ... if you want to keep this on a narrow shelf and use it as a tablet easel , it does have a bit of a large footprint .	footprint	neutral
when Amazon forwarded my review to these folks , they immediately reached out to me , offered suggestion for repairing the arrow keys ( which had also ceased working ) .	arrow keys	neutral
In a nutshell , configuring this dock is a bit tricky and requires some trial - and - error and some patience .	dock	neutral
This battery was significantly cheaper than any others that I could find for this laptop , so I was a little suspicious of it .	battery	neutral
For it 's looks I give it a 10 .	looks	neutral
