Our server was very helpful and friendly.	server	positive
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	staff	positive
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	jazz brunch	positive
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	live jazz	positive
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	bistro fare	positive
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	chilaquiles	positive
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	Service	positive
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	oysters	positive
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	price	positive
The ambience is very calm and quiet.	ambience	positive
The food was good too.	food	positive
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly I might add).	servers	positive
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.	reservations	negative
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.	Indian food	positive
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.	takeout	positive
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.	white bean brushetta	positive
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.	pasta	positive
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.	Abby's treasure	positive
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.	vegetarian entree	positive
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.	wintermelon	positive
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.	staff	positive
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon, which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.	owner	neutral
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.	pot-stickers	positive
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.	tempura dish	positive
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	Staffs	negative
The dim sum here is only so-so.	dim sum	neutral
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.	atmosphere	positive
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.	food	positive
Behind this counter, two men are squeezed in.	counter	negative
Definitely not worth the price!	price	negative
Food is great.	Food	positive
Other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.	service	negative
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.	seat	neutral
Great vibe, lots of people.	vibe	positive
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...	bar	neutral
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...	food	positive
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...	drinks	positive
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...	design	positive
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.	waiter	positive
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.	food	neutral
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.	waitress	positive
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.	glasses of wine	positive
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray's, Sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the Outstanding Pizza!	Pizza	positive
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?	outdoor seating	positive
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?	back garden	positive
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .	prices	positive
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.	food	positive
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.	bagels	neutral
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.	food	neutral
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.	staples	positive
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.	pastas	positive
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.	burger	positive
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.	atomosphere	positive
I recommend their Pad See Ew, Pork Chops or Tofu plates.	Pad See Ew	positive
I recommend their Pad See Ew, Pork Chops or Tofu plates.	Pork Chops	positive
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!	wait building	negative
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!	food	positive
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.	food	positive
Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.	lunch	positive
The food was authentic.	food	positive
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late, raucus dinner.	dinner	positive
The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.	entree	positive
The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.	dinner	neutral
The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.	lunch	positive
The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.	prices	positive
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.	Kamikaze	positive
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.	Rolls	positive
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.	sushi	positive
Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).	reservations	negative
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if I call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so I wouldn't have to look for parking).	bagels	neutral
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!	potato chips	positive
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.	dinner	neutral
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.	food	positive
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.	ambience	neutral
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.	location	neutral
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever.	Singapore Mai Fun	negative
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever.	curry flavor	negative
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.	cuisine	neutral
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.	smoked salmon and roe appetizer	negative
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.	whitefish	positive
They couldn't even make a salad that was appealing.	salad	negative
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.	mayo	positive
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.	whitefish salad	positive
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.	dessert menu	neutral
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.	tip	positive
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.	attitudes	positive
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.	steak	negative
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.	fried dumplings	negative
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.	food	positive
Two words: Free wine.	wine	positive
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	food	positive
Next time, we wouldn't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks.	drinks	positive
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	menu	positive
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	setting	positive
Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).	corner booth table	positive
Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).	place	positive
Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).	privacy	positive
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.	kielbasa	neutral
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.	apples	neutral
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.	cheese fondue	neutral
Even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in New York pizza restaurants).	pasta	positive
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished.	drink	neutral
Quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for NYC.	price	positive
Quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for NYC.	ingredients	positive
Great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).	bartenders	positive
Great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).	bar	positive
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.	food	positive
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.	table	negative
Some baby pizzas get their wish.	baby pizzas	neutral
Disappointing food, lousy service.	food	negative
Disappointing food, lousy service.	service	negative
The food was just OK, I would never go back.	food	neutral
great food, lt's of it, more then one person can eat!	food	positive
The pizza here is delicious.	pizza	positive
The service is fantastic.	service	positive
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.	noodle soup dishes	negative
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.	beef	negative
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.	menu	negative
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.	Lassi	neutral
Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.	wines	negative
black white shakes came out good also.	black white shakes	positive
Definite go if you're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad.	Indian restaurant food	positive
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.	quality	positive
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala.	Chicken Tikka Masala	positive
The food was just awful, ATROCIOUS actually.	food	negative
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	reservation	negative
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	management	neutral
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).	price	positive
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	glass front	negative
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	door	positive
Drinks way over priced.	priced	negative
Drinks way over priced.	Drinks	negative
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	food	negative
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.	assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables	positive
The food is great, service is ok.	food	positive
The food is great, service is ok.	service	neutral
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident, but for the rest of us who've actually eaten ethnic food, this is simply dull.	ethnic food	negative
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	food	positive
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .	service	neutral
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .	ambiance	neutral
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .	wait staff	negative
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .	food	neutral
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.	Thai food	positive
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.	atmosphere	positive
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.	Lobster Cobb Salad	neutral
We had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.	dinner	neutral
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.	live jazz band	positive
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.	Service	negative
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.	food	positive
It's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner.	lunch	positive
It's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner.	dinner	positive
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.	FOOD QUALITY	negative
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.	meal	positive
Despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.	space	positive
Despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.	tables	negative
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.	reservation sigh	neutral
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.	table	negative
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!	pizza	positive
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.	food	positive
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	service	positive
The food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.	food	positive
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	ambience	positive
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	food	positive
The ceiling is amazing!	ceiling	positive
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better.	Price	positive
The food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.	food	neutral
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.	service	negative
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.	staff	negative
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.	food	positive
The menu has lots of options: I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.	potato pancakes	positive
The menu has lots of options: I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.	menu	positive
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	waiting	negative
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.	food	neutral
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.	ambience	neutral
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.	food	positive
A must for all the Dosa lovers.	Dosa	positive
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.	eats	positive
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.	stuff	positive
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence!	gourmet food	positive
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	assorted sashimi	positive
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	rolls	positive
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	sushi	positive
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	banana tempura	positive
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	ceviche mix (special)	positive
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.	prices	neutral
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.	take out	neutral
The wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.	wait staff	positive
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!	food	positive
Overall, I'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its Chinatown.	prices	positive
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.	food	positive
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.	service	positive
A glass of Leaping Lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.	glass of Leaping Lizard	positive
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.	management	positive
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.	Ambiance	negative
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	starter	positive
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	servers	positive
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	portions	positive
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.	pizza	positive
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.	proprietor	positive
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.	apps	neutral
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.	food	positive
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.	prices	positive
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.	dim sum combo	positive
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.	house varities	positive
Order the panang duck, it's fantastic.	panang duck	positive
The Thai food is good.	Thai food	positive
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.	food	positive
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.	price	positive
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.	dinner	neutral
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.	service	negative
Compared to Ess-a, Tal offers a less doughy bagel!	bagel	negative
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.	food	positive
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.	salmon dish	positive
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!	waitress	positive
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!	food	positive
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.	dinner	neutral
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.	brunch	neutral
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.	lunch	neutral
Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.	service	positive
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.	mayonnaise	negative
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.	food	positive
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.	ingrediants	positive
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square.	pastrami	positive
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square.	corned beef	positive
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.	calamari	positive
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.	duck noodles	positive
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.	sauce	positive
There was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice.	table	neutral
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.	bacon	negative
There was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice.	insde table	positive
There was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice.	wait	negative
Even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.	table	positive
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.	ingredients	negative
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.	food	positive
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.	lunch	neutral
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.	lunch	positive
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.	dals	positive
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.	chicken tikka	positive
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.	naan	positive
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	drinks	neutral
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	menu	neutral
Ballato's is consistently delicious authentic italian food.	italian food	positive
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!	dining room	positive
The best burger I have had in the Village.	burger	positive
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!	delivery	positive
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.	reservation	neutral
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.	table	negative
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	place	positive
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).	fries	neutral
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).	fish	neutral
