You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability.	wifi card	negative
The price premium is a little much, but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash.	price premium	negative
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.	accessories	negative
The video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they unpdate the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better.	video chat	negative
The screen shows great colors.	colors	positive
  since then i have had minor problems with slow operation.	operation	negative
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.	extended life battery	neutral
Asus facial recognition doesn't work and windows logon isn't either.	windows logon	negative
But when I received my replacement, I made BOTH recovery DVDs (4), and a driver/application DVD.	recovery DVDs	neutral
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.	design	positive
Unless you need the Bluetooth 3.	Bluetooth 3	neutral
I had a USB connect but, i can't use it because it is not compatible.	USB connect	negative
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate.	navigate	positive
iTunes is a handy music-management program, and it is essential for anyone with an iPod.	program	positive
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more.	performing	positive
All of the programs (Keynote, Pages, Numbers) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.	Pages	neutral
I made a photo book as a gift, on my computer, pushed "Buy" and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house, the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined.	iTunes	neutral
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.	runs	positive
I bought it from HSN because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....	software	negative
It is well worth the money it cost, Very good investment.	cost	positive
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well.	programs	positive
The computer was shipped to their repair depot  on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned.	repair depot	neutral
The port is secured to motherboard so when this  happens you can't see the plug at all, it's just gone.	plug	negative
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate.	use	positive
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great!	Windows 7	positive
It caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours.	hard drive	negative
Additional caveat: the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user's liking.	base installation	negative
 One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.	screen	negative
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior.	feel	positive
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use.	use	negative
The store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they don't even recommend the HP brand because of the problems with their warrentys.	warrenty	positive
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;	use	positive
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.	OSX 16	positive
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good.	screen	positive
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.	hard disk	neutral
We love the size of the screen, although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around.	tote	positive
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.	windows	neutral
Great battery, speed, display.	speed	positive
You can call HP and they want you to buy more software to fix it.	software	neutral
I did not have to call the support line at all.	support line	neutral
All the programs are easy and straight forward on my MacBook Pro, it is clean and organized, which I always strive to be myself.	programs	positive
There is hardly any memory on the computer's hard drive.	hard drive	negative
The PhotoBooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.	PhotoBooth	positive
One suggestion I do have, is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC.	Microsoft office for the mac	negative
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down.	Drivers	positive
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly, and multiple at a time if you sowish.	speed	positive
You know, using the computer should be fun, not aggrevation, especially when you are playing games or working with photos.	playing games	neutral
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.	GarageBand	positive
I'm still within the one year warranty but the repair "depot"  has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not  covered.	warranty	negative
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on.	keyboard	negative
After numerous attempts of trying (including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly), I gave up(I am a techie).	clock in BIOS setup	negative
It was still working, but there was nothing on the screen.	screen	negative
If you really want a bang-up system and don't need to run Windows applications, go with an Apple;	Windows applications	neutral
I dislike the weight and size, cubersome.	weight	negative
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite.	Adobe Creative Suite	neutral
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.	hard disc	negative
  After that the said it was under warranty.	warranty	neutral
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.	Windows 7	positive
My ONLY issues are: 1) the screen/video resolution won't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60	resolution	negative
It has a faster processor and more ram.	ram	positive
The online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a PC.	online tutorial videos	positive
Wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time.	installation time	negative
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing.	web browsing	neutral
Like the price and operation.	operation	positive
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault.	work	negative
I need graphic power to run my Adobe Creative apps efficiently.	graphic power	neutral
10 plus hours of battery...	battery	positive
I love the operating system and the preloaded software.	operating system	positive
It works great for general internet use, Microsoft Office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.	Microsoft Office apps	positive
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.	mic	negative
Charger seems large for this class of computer.	Charger	negative
I was taught to use Photoshop and was amazed.	Photoshop	positive
Also, HDD secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.	HDD	positive
I had it four months when my disc drive refused to open.	disc drive	negative
This is the first time that I tried and owning a netbook although I have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years, I find not much difference except of course for the screen size.	screen size	neutral
First the screen goes completely out.	screen	negative
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space.	hard drive space	positive
A month or so ago, the freaking motherboard just died.	motherboard	negative
I recommend for word processing and internet users.	word processing	positive
The screen is a little glary, and I hated the clicking buttons, but I got used to them.	screen	negative
I was ready to take it back for a refund, but the Geek Squad camed through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed.	Geek Squad	positive
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use, very important for use quick typers.	screen	positive
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer, so I had to remove it.	Windows XP SP2	negative
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB.	USB	neutral
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED (THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED.	KEYBOARD	negative
Yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.	longevity	positive
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).	edges	negative
It just works flawlessly!	works	positive
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature.	drag and drop feature	positive
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones.	sound	negative
/ awesome cooling system/ much better grafics card (ATI 5870) / 8GB RAM/ LED backlit screen...	8GB RAM	positive
  I was told by many  that it was a great computer, but we got one of these, and it worked  great for one year, and as soon as the warrenty was up, then it got  really bad.	warrenty	negative
The battery life has not decreased since I bought it, so i'm thrilled with that.	battery life	positive
It's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.	works	positive
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.	Linux	neutral
The sheer power and flexibility makes the MacBook Pro a must have for any techie!	flexibility	positive
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.	subwoofer	positive
They don t translate from a Mac, even on Word, resulting in a ton of run-on sentences.	Word	negative
BUT there's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows.	application	neutral
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service.	repair service	negative
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK!!!	POWER SUPPLY	negative
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.	price-point	positive
Although i do believe that Windows operating system may be to fault for some of the problems.	Windows operating system	negative
Reason why? It's because when you buy it, you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop, the price will stay the same for the next year, and even if Apple does decides to change mode, your laptop value will only drop 10-20%, unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80%.	price	positive
It's also very capable of doing moderate video editing (although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing).	performance	negative
Who couldn't love a DVD burner, 80-gigabyte HD, and fairly new graphics chip? As I soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more: they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.	graphics chip	positive
I've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful, english speaking (from Vancouver) techs that walked me through the processes to help me.	Apple support	positive
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.	Final Cut Pro 7	neutral
The graphics are great.	graphics	positive
They say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive (I don't really understand why but anyway).	warranty	negative
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product.	use	positive
I have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.	use	positive
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly.	Vista	negative
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.	screen	positive
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.	extended warranty	neutral
In desparation, I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired (2 days old) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ("have your credit card ready").	warranty	negative
If you want a little more custom ability, drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more.	Win 7	positive
It didn't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better.	programs	positive
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate, and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader (software) would not load.	Windows 7 Ultimate	negative
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great :)	key pad	positive
It's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!	navigate	positive
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos.	program	positive
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.	performance	positive
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys.	keys	positive
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it.	Mozzilla firfox	positive
It is easy to navigate and update programs.	update programs	neutral
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price, but you cannot find the look, easy, applications, and the experience in mac.	price	positive
Fully charged, the MacBook Pro can last about five hours unplugged.	charged	positive
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos.	surfing the web	neutral
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before!	Customer Service	negative
It is short on space, and downloads always had problems being completed, or were said to be 'corrupted'.	space	negative
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too.	mouse	negative
company provides UPS shipping, fast, great!	shipping	positive
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time, we are on the hook for the repair.	extended warranty	negative
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted.	type	positive
Vista is a nightmare.	Vista	negative
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners.	17-inch screen	neutral
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos.	Battery	neutral
Product support very poor as each phone call costs me long distan	Product support	negative
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners.	DVD	positive
I also purchased Office Max's "Max Assurance" with the "no lemon" clause.	Office Max's "Max Assurance"	neutral
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month.	volume	negative
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.	multi-touch track pad	positive
Overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.	design	positive
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.	Time Machine	neutral
  i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes.	charge	negative
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here.	price	neutral
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints.	surface	positive
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.	price	positive
  I continued to take the computer in AGAIN and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again.	mother board	negative
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years, I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues.	design	positive
I took it back for an Asus and same thing- blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset.	battery	neutral
The only thing that I have, is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters, would help if it was a little lighter then it is.	key broad	negative
That's very possible, but since they don't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine, I was stuck until Windows 7 came out.	sound card	negative
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life, as well as the many background programs that run without the user's knowlede.	programs	negative
Great laptop for school, easy to use for beginners in the household.	use	positive
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.	performance specs	neutral
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba.	shipment	negative
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV.	HDMI port	negative
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.	firewire 800 interface	positive
I have never really been big on downloading anything so I wasn't too worried about getting a virus, plus I thought I was protected by Norton.	Norton	negative
  The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.	boot up	negative
Even with virus protection, it always turned off when updates were needed and installed.	virus protection	negative
Despite the inconvenient weight, I opted for the 12 cell battery.	12 cell battery	positive
Its a good laptop for its value.	value	positive
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.	word processor	negative
Acer was no help and Garmin could not determine the problem(after spending about 2 hours with me), so I returned it and purchased a Toshiba R700 that seems even nicer and I was able to load all of my software with no problem.	software	positive
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.	security-prone OS	neutral
The screen graphics and clarity, and sharpness are great.	clarity	positive
But the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7.	tech support	negative
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen.	vga port	positive
I would like at least a 4 hr. battery life.	battery life	neutral
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops.	prices	neutral
I play a lot of casual games online, and the touchpad is very responsive.	touchpad	positive
Runs Hot  I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product.	quality	negative
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home.	built it web cam	positive
The dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.	memory	positive
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently.	tutorials	neutral
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.	programs	neutral
Sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to worki	pad	negative
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it.	browsers	neutral
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from.	tech guy	neutral
Bigger HD, better graphics card, and a bid HD.	graphics card	positive
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.	agents	negative
THE FIRST PROBLEM IS THAT THE KEYBOARD FUNCTION IS SIMPLY UNSATISFACTORY.	KEYBOARD FUNCTION	negative
pros:  the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so.	battery life	positive
  Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.	casing	neutral
I have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models.	hardware	negative
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance (2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz).	Processor	neutral
  Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another, and I am not kidding you, I called different hours of the day and you'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again, since they make it sound like they don't have your history list of your calls right in front of them.	Toshiba customer services	negative
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.	word editing	neutral
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.	screen	negative
The speakers on it are useless too.	speakers	negative
Without a doubt, the *design* of this laptop is fantastic.	design	positive
After talking it over with the very knowledgeable sales associate, I chose the MacBook Pro over the white MacBook.	sales associate	positive
It was very easy to just pick up and use-- It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS.	Mac OS	positive
With what I do know how to do, the computer works beautiful.	works	positive
The Macbook is also made better, my computer has never got a virus, and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day I bought it.	runs	positive
The difference is the Toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space.	hard drive space	positive
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership, so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan.	Applecare warranty plan	positive
It is always reliable, never bugged and responds well.	responds	positive
It is very well built.	built	positive
Startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.	shutdown	neutral
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and cannot be downloaded.	software	negative
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.	operating system	positive
Sure, the initial out of pocket expense is greater, but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet, and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs, it probably comes out about even anyhow.	run	positive
I don't have stupid pop up windows (even when I have pop ups blocked), I don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down.	web programming software	positive
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!	Battery life	negative
A great computer for light home use and business use.	business use	positive
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.	external keyboard	neutral
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site, then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works.	browser	neutral
The design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.	quality	positive
The only thing I wish is the 15 inch MacBook Pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard.	speakers	negative
So what am I supposed to do?  The LG service center cannot provide me the "service" when it is called the "service center".	LG service center	negative
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty, and that products with  extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore.	extended warranty	neutral
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up.	body	negative
Setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.	Setting	negative
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.	keyboard	negative
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.	use	positive
Theres a built in camera with special effects- for video and photography.	built in camera	positive
The ease of use is wonderful.	use	positive
4) Laptop still did not work, blue screen within a week...	work	negative
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy.	OSX	positive
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.	system	negative
Registration/1st use is easy.	use	positive
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).	spreadsheets	neutral
The only thing I didn't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection, in case it gets broken, or crashes etc.	software	neutral
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.	quality	negative
My husband got me this for Chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not work after 2 days.	work	negative
When I called Toshiba, they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $35 for the phone call, even though they didn't offer any technical support.	technical support	negative
Its also FUN to use!	use	positive
Overall, I experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old PC.	runs	positive
After 2 months of complaints, Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies.	techies	neutral
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.	design	negative
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and I'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but I still expected better product quality for this price range.	quality	negative
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone.	hard drive	negative
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse!	mousepad	negative
Garageband is easy to work with, like all the other apple applications I've had experience with.	apple applications	positive
Yeah, of course smarty pants "fix it now")Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple (which I promptly did).	Software	negative
  Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.	warranty	neutral
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.	CPU	negative
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC  Specs: Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I've had in the past.	Specs	negative
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again, everything from programs and drivers failing again, to it powering off for no reason, to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues.	drivers	negative
With Windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must.	wireless mouse	neutral
The battery life is amazingly long at 7hrs and 5hrs if you use it.	battery life	positive
Programs would crash all the time, and it turned out to be a very unstable, unreliable laptop for me.	Programs	negative
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM, the computer was kinda slow.	RAM	negative
Info: Windows failed to load because the kernal is missing, or corrupt.	Windows	negative
My one complaint with this laptop is that I've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in.	electronic fuzz sound	negative
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.	gaming	neutral
