The smash burger & chicken avocado club along with smash fries were very delicious .	smash burger	neutral
The smash burger & chicken avocado club along with smash fries were very delicious .	chicken avocado club	neutral
The smash burger & chicken avocado club along with smash fries were very delicious .	smash fries	neutral
The place was very clean , a bit cold	place	neutral
Sat at the bar and had a delicious romaine salad and artic char .	romaine salad	neutral
Sat at the bar and had a delicious romaine salad and artic char .	artic char	neutral
One of the better meals I 've had in awhile and the service was top notch .	meals	neutral
One of the better meals I 've had in awhile and the service was top notch .	service	neutral
Quaint little house on a residential street with tables to dine in .	house	neutral
Good deal for 9 dollar lunch .	lunch	neutral
You get your choice of sandwich , side , dessert , and drink .	dessert	neutral
I got the chicken salad and it was fresh and delicious .	chicken salad	neutral
I 'll be back to try the grilled pimento cheese and bacon on sourdough .	grilled pimento cheese and bacon on sourdough	neutral
Bring on the cheese !	cheese	neutral
I Think the name could 've been a little better than Z bakery , but the food and the ambience make up for that .	food	neutral
I Think the name could 've been a little better than Z bakery , but the food and the ambience make up for that .	ambience	neutral
Came here for Father 's Day around 8:30pm decore was beautiful not doubt	decore	neutral
BUT service + food quality +	service	neutral
BUT service + food quality +	food	neutral
Ordered the Lobster Sandwich ... kitchen out of Lobster ( red flag ) ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup and although the menu clearly stated choice of sides	Lobster	neutral
Ordered the Lobster Sandwich ... kitchen out of Lobster ( red flag ) ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup and although the menu clearly stated choice of sides	grilled cheese	neutral
Ordered the Lobster Sandwich ... kitchen out of Lobster ( red flag ) ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup and although the menu clearly stated choice of sides	tomato soup	neutral
the waitress / bartender decided today you do not get any sides ... kind of like the soup nazi from Seinfeld , " no sides for you ! "	waitress	neutral
My wife ordered the steak and cheese sandwich which arrived on a burnt hoagie roll ( burnt as in charcoal )	steak and cheese sandwich	neutral
4 mimosas totaled $ 48 !	mimosas	neutral
$ 5 per bottle	bottle	neutral
So you 're telling me for the 16 oz total of champagne	champagne	neutral
This is Vegas , if I 'm buying bottle service	bottle service	neutral
When I asked to return the two untouched mimosas sitting on the table the waitress said , " you 're only returning them because of the price .	waitress	neutral
No manager on duty and the only employee front of house has zero authority .	manager	neutral
No wonder this place is empty .	place	neutral
If the owner has deep pockets this place has a year to live ... if not I give it 6 months before it 's converted to a book store .	owner	neutral
this place is a great candidate for Kitchen Nightmares or Bar Rescue .	place	neutral
I gave it one star because you ca n't post a review with no stars ... and cheap champagne will still give you a buzz .	champagne	neutral
Good selection of beers and menu items .	beers	neutral
Good selection of beers and menu items .	menu items	neutral
The burgers are superb and the fries are delicious but the shakes , they 're to die for .	burgers	neutral
The burgers are superb and the fries are delicious but the shakes , they 're to die for .	fries	neutral
The burgers are superb and the fries are delicious but the shakes , they 're to die for .	shakes	neutral
The staff is friendly and organized , food turn around times are quick and your drink wo n't go empty .	staff	neutral
The staff is friendly and organized , food turn around times are quick and your drink wo n't go empty .	food	neutral
I had the Elk burger and was pleasantly surprised how good it was .	Elk burger	neutral
Give this place a try but save room for a shake .	place	neutral
Yelp recommended this place .	place	neutral
Fast , friendly service .	service	neutral
Good menu variety .	menu	neutral
Cage - free eggs .	eggs	neutral
And fresh - squeezed OJ ... with a free refill ! !	OJ	neutral
A little pricey for a burger but definitely worth every penny !	burger	neutral
The best part of the meal were the fries !	fries	neutral
The criss cut fries were absolutely amazing .	criss cut fries	neutral
The burger is huge and everything is fresh ! ! !	burger	neutral
Very good , fresh tasting food FULL of flavor !	food	neutral
I was attracted to crave because of their menu options , but was quickly disappointed from the first course and all the way through to dessert .	menu	neutral
I was attracted to crave because of their menu options , but was quickly disappointed from the first course and all the way through to dessert .	dessert	neutral
There are many choices for dinner	dinner	neutral
I order a CRAVE house salad , which was not bad , but was lacking the walnuts and goat cheese ( the only two ingredients other than the lettuce and dressing ) .	dressing	neutral
Next I had the lettuce wraps and fish tacos as an entree , both selections from the appetizer menu .	lettuce wraps	neutral
Next I had the lettuce wraps and fish tacos as an entree , both selections from the appetizer menu .	fish tacos	neutral
The lettuce wraps were served on butter lettuce instead of iceberg , which sounds good at first , but is all wrong due to a lack of crunch or any real texture you are looking for in lettuce wraps .	lettuce wraps	neutral
The pulled chicken was also very stringy and soaked , and i mean soaked , in hoisen sauce .	pulled chicken	neutral
The fish tacos were the best part of the meal , they had potential to be really good but was lacking fish and had a lot of corn salsa instead .	fish tacos	neutral
My husband ordered the 702 burger , which sounded great on paper .	702 burger	neutral
The bacon was really sweet and thick , also making it a dessert burger .	bacon	neutral
The truffle fries were pretty good though he had on the side .	truffle fries	neutral
I am saying it was all frosting , and not good frosting , tasted like right out of the can frosting .	frosting	neutral
Service was not bad either , waitress was kind , but never checked up on us .	Service	neutral
Service was not bad either , waitress was kind , but never checked up on us .	waitress	neutral
One word for this shawarma joint :	shawarma	neutral
What an f'ing joke of an establishment .	establishment	neutral
I love me a gyro .	gyro	neutral
and got a gyro and fries to go .	gyro	neutral
Also a little bit of a wait	wait	neutral
it was clear they make the fries fresh for the order .	fries	neutral
The meat was delicious and the sauce was good .	meat	neutral
The meat was delicious and the sauce was good .	sauce	neutral
The only thing I deduct a star for is actually being a little heavy handed on the meat and less so on the veggies and sauce which I prefer .	meat	neutral
The only thing I deduct a star for is actually being a little heavy handed on the meat and less so on the veggies and sauce which I prefer .	veggies	neutral
The only thing I deduct a star for is actually being a little heavy handed on the meat and less so on the veggies and sauce which I prefer .	sauce	neutral
This was the best Thai food I ever had Hands Down !	Thai food	neutral
If it was n't for the horrible soup they give you in the beginning , I would give it five stars .	soup	neutral
She got the Spicy Eggplant that she said was the best she ever had at a Thai Restaurant .	Spicy Eggplant	neutral
My drunken noodles with veggies and chicken was also very tasty .	drunken noodles with veggies and chicken	neutral
I even liked their spring rolls and rice .	spring rolls	neutral
I even liked their spring rolls and rice .	rice	neutral
I actually liked the mediocre service that they gave .	service	neutral
anddidn't ask if my food was good when my mouth was full of food .	food	neutral
This must be the only place I 've reviewed 3 times .	place	neutral
All the great values are gone - beer is up a buck or two ,	beer	neutral
dough knots and the cheese bread doubled in price I think , and the super - cheap kids meal options are gone .	cheese bread	neutral
dough knots and the cheese bread doubled in price I think , and the super - cheap kids meal options are gone .	kids meal	neutral
Our servers has been wonderfully friendly but constantly forgetting little details - a sure sign of an inexperienced waitstaff , I think .	servers	neutral
Our servers has been wonderfully friendly but constantly forgetting little details - a sure sign of an inexperienced waitstaff , I think .	waitstaff	neutral
We ordered 2 pizzas and the crusts were drastically different - one was cracker - thin , the other was the normal fluffier thickness .	pizzas	neutral
We ordered 2 pizzas and the crusts were drastically different - one was cracker - thin , the other was the normal fluffier thickness .	crusts	neutral
We noticed new pizzas on the menu , that 's cool .	pizzas	neutral
Sure wish they 'd add a few more sandwiches , salads , and other non - pizza options .	sandwiches	neutral
Sure wish they 'd add a few more sandwiches , salads , and other non - pizza options .	salads	neutral
As always , the sausage on the pizza is fantastic and the general ingredient quality seems well above - average .	sausage on the pizza	neutral
As always , the sausage on the pizza is fantastic and the general ingredient quality seems well above - average .	general ingredient	neutral
I love this place !	place	neutral
The coffee is awesome , the cappuccino 's are outrageously good , and the baked goods are off the chain .	coffee	neutral
The coffee is awesome , the cappuccino 's are outrageously good , and the baked goods are off the chain .	cappuccino 's	neutral
The coffee is awesome , the cappuccino 's are outrageously good , and the baked goods are off the chain .	baked goods	neutral
Right now I ca n't have caffeine , but they have great cocoa , and berry smoothies .	cocoa	neutral
Right now I ca n't have caffeine , but they have great cocoa , and berry smoothies .	berry smoothies	neutral
Started with some popcorn , which is awesome , grana padano and bacon added .	popcorn	neutral
I started with a taster flight , I enjoy many of their beers , Instigator IPA , Breakfast porter , etc .... tasty as always .	beers	neutral
I started with a taster flight , I enjoy many of their beers , Instigator IPA , Breakfast porter , etc .... tasty as always .	Breakfast porter	neutral
For lunch we had the pulled pork sandwich special .	pulled pork	neutral
Very well done , sauce had a nice spice bite and the meat was cooked nicely .	sauce	neutral
Very well done , sauce had a nice spice bite and the meat was cooked nicely .	meat	neutral
Fries were cooked nicely as well .	Fries	neutral
Service was really good , as it usually is .	Service	neutral
Another great visit to the Indie Ale House , will be back soon .	Ale House	neutral
Love the music video playing ..	music	neutral
Also enjoyed the strawberry nigori	strawberry nigori	neutral
BEWARE of booking with this hotel and their fraudulent billings of $ 619 !	hotel	neutral
The manager ( evening manager ) john and the billing dept is riduclous !	manager	neutral
The manager ( evening manager ) john and the billing dept is riduclous !	john	neutral
The manager ( evening manager ) john and the billing dept is riduclous !	billing dept	neutral
I 've heard that Joy Bistro keeps going upmarket as the years pass .	Joy	neutral
At the moment , it 's a casual - dressy place decorated in warm colours and elegant lines .	place	neutral
The upstairs , OverJoy , has a more bohemian edge with colourful art , exposed brick , and exuberant chandeliers .	art	neutral
The upstairs , OverJoy , has a more bohemian edge with colourful art , exposed brick , and exuberant chandeliers .	exposed	neutral
The upstairs , OverJoy , has a more bohemian edge with colourful art , exposed brick , and exuberant chandeliers .	brick	neutral
The upstairs , OverJoy , has a more bohemian edge with colourful art , exposed brick , and exuberant chandeliers .	chandeliers	neutral
The prices are about right for the ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
The wine list is great - there 's a cheap white	wine list	neutral
The wine list is great - there 's a cheap white	white	neutral
The food is mostly excellent -	food	neutral
I had to - die - for beef cheeks , the fish with risotto is delicious , and the steak frites would have been great if they had n't arrived cold .	beef cheeks	neutral
I had to - die - for beef cheeks , the fish with risotto is delicious , and the steak frites would have been great if they had n't arrived cold .	fish with risotto	neutral
I had to - die - for beef cheeks , the fish with risotto is delicious , and the steak frites would have been great if they had n't arrived cold .	steak frites	neutral
The pastas are also very good .	pastas	neutral
The organic shrimp bisque was not a huge hit with me or my husband , but what do I know about bisque ?	organic shrimp bisque	neutral
They goofed on service a bit ( the mother & grandmother of the groom hardly got fed at all ) but managed gluten and lactose - free requests beautifully .	service	neutral
They also changed the table setup at the last moment , making my seating plan a total wash , but on the whole they were lovely and helpful , and excellent value .	seating	neutral
Clean and nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
The food is good quality .	food	neutral
They have pretty decent fried oysters and their seafood is good , which is a big chance at a buffet , but this was good .	fried oysters	neutral
They have pretty decent fried oysters and their seafood is good , which is a big chance at a buffet , but this was good .	seafood	neutral
Like their dessert options .	dessert	neutral
Sometimes I hate to tell others about neat little places , because they become busy and not so fun ....	places	neutral
but , I will say this little place is great fun ...	place	neutral
This Wal - Mart is a little better than the one on 19th Ave and Bethany .	Wal	neutral
I definitely feel more comfortable at this Walmart as opposed to the other one .	Walmart	neutral
Customer Service is slightly better .	Customer Service	neutral
Parking is not too congested .	Parking	neutral
I find good parking every time I come here .	parking	neutral
Not the cleanest parking lot , though .	parking lot	neutral
I believe as a security guard you are supposed to be in and out the store making sure its a SAFE environment .	environment	neutral
The bathrooms are gross and they have a condiment squeeze bottle for the soap .	bathrooms	neutral
The service was friendly and I think that they did try .	service	neutral
It was very loud in there and the waiter got one of our orders wrong and he forgot to bring out more drinks .	waiter	neutral
The fries appeared to be fresh hand cut however , they were limp and cold and tasted old .	fries	neutral
I really do n't understand how this place stays in business	place	neutral
My chicken nuggets and fries were fresh and hot , which I was very thankful for .	chicken nuggets	neutral
My chicken nuggets and fries were fresh and hot , which I was very thankful for .	fries	neutral
Customer service is decent .	Customer service	neutral
Excellent food ... great option ... easy to find a place to sit even though it is usually packed .	food	neutral
Excellent food ... great option ... easy to find a place to sit even though it is usually packed .	place	neutral
Coworkers showed me this place for lunch and they kept hyping up the food here .	food	neutral
Usually with all the hype the food would n't taste as good .	food	neutral
So it was a Friday , and my coworker ordered for me which was the Cuban and it was amazing .	Cuban	neutral
From the smoked meats , the pickle and the bread .	smoked meats	neutral
From the smoked meats , the pickle and the bread .	pickle	neutral
From the smoked meats , the pickle and the bread .	bread	neutral
The prices ca n't be beat , it 's hard to find inexpensive Gluten Free foods and they have lots of Gluten free food options and at a great price .	Gluten	neutral
The prices ca n't be beat , it 's hard to find inexpensive Gluten Free foods and they have lots of Gluten free food options and at a great price .	foods	neutral
The prices ca n't be beat , it 's hard to find inexpensive Gluten Free foods and they have lots of Gluten free food options and at a great price .	food	neutral
The staff has always been extremely Friendly , the store itself is very clean and organized .	staff	neutral
The staff has always been extremely Friendly , the store itself is very clean and organized .	store	neutral
I had a hard time deciding how to rate DeSoto .	DeSoto	neutral
What DeSoto is , however , is an old warehouse with a bar , a coffee shop , 5 restaurant concepts + ice cream ( coming soon ) , a lot of open space , and a few local craft vendors set up in the middle selling things like jewelry , candles , and handmade cocktail mixers ( which are totally WINNING by the way ) .	bar	neutral
What DeSoto is , however , is an old warehouse with a bar , a coffee shop , 5 restaurant concepts + ice cream ( coming soon ) , a lot of open space , and a few local craft vendors set up in the middle selling things like jewelry , candles , and handmade cocktail mixers ( which are totally WINNING by the way ) .	coffee	neutral
What DeSoto is , however , is an old warehouse with a bar , a coffee shop , 5 restaurant concepts + ice cream ( coming soon ) , a lot of open space , and a few local craft vendors set up in the middle selling things like jewelry , candles , and handmade cocktail mixers ( which are totally WINNING by the way ) .	cocktail mixers	neutral
Massive assorted garnishes not withstanding , it was a great bloody mary .	bloody mary	neutral
My wife decided to get a breakfast burrito from The Larder & The Delta ( formerly Yard Bird & The Larder ) , and my step daughter decided to get a delicious ( and huge ) salad accompanied by a juice smoothie from Radish Salad & Juice .	salad	neutral
Subsequently , we bought a few things from the merchants set up near the middle of the warehouse , including some cocktail mixers from ICONIC Cocktail Company , which were not cheap	cocktail mixers	neutral
very good ramen , soup was not too salty , both the chicken and pork soups were very yum !	ramen	neutral
very good ramen , soup was not too salty , both the chicken and pork soups were very yum !	soup	neutral
very good ramen , soup was not too salty , both the chicken and pork soups were very yum !	chicken	neutral
very good ramen , soup was not too salty , both the chicken and pork soups were very yum !	pork soups	neutral
one of the best ramen places so far .	ramen	neutral
same owner as guu - now kinza .	guu	neutral
Lots of good stands selling baked goods , fresh produce , and food vendors .	baked	neutral
Lots of good stands selling baked goods , fresh produce , and food vendors .	produce	neutral
Tamale had lots of flavours going on , but wish it was bigger .	Tamale	neutral
The crepe we got ( curry chicken ) was so cheesy and had a generous amount of chicken inside .	crepe	neutral
The crepe we got ( curry chicken ) was so cheesy and had a generous amount of chicken inside .	curry chicken	neutral
I highly recommend getting this crepe .	crepe	neutral
Definitely worth checking out since there are food vendors and stands that are unique to this farmers ' market .	food	neutral
Definitely worth checking out since there are food vendors and stands that are unique to this farmers ' market .	stands	neutral
A great place if you have kids since there is an outdoor " playground " for them .	place	neutral
However , after I told him I wanted to try his chicken and waffles , he let me in and personally cooked my meal .	chicken and waffles	neutral
The chicken ( breast ) was flavorful and juicy and the waffle was delicious .	chicken ( breast )	neutral
The chicken ( breast ) was flavorful and juicy and the waffle was delicious .	waffle	neutral
Lemonade was n't on the menu but its there ... and surprisingly good .	Lemonade	neutral
Chicken was still good so consistency seems to be a factor here , cabbage was great !	Chicken	neutral
Chicken was still good so consistency seems to be a factor here , cabbage was great !	cabbage	neutral
The rice and gravy was ok ...	rice and gravy	neutral
gravy needed a bit of salt .	gravy	neutral
Cornbread was plentiful , melt in ur mouth delicious , soft and moist .	Cornbread	neutral
Overall , both experiences ensured I 'd continue to come back again and again as they can outcook LoLos ( I call it No - Nos ) anyday .	LoLos	neutral
You may have to wait a bit since it is made to order , and all soul food is a bit pricey	soul food	neutral
The food and Caipirinhas were excellent .	food	neutral
The food and Caipirinhas were excellent .	Caipirinhas	neutral
Service at the bar was very slow	Service	neutral
Service at the bar was very slow	bar	neutral
Happy hour is great !	Happy hour	neutral
Real quality food , not your typical bar food happy hour crap you normally put up with .	food	neutral
Start with the Brussels sprouts , move on the the Crispy rice with spicy tuna , then finish with the double hamachi rolls .	Brussels sprouts	neutral
Start with the Brussels sprouts , move on the the Crispy rice with spicy tuna , then finish with the double hamachi rolls .	Crispy rice with spicy tuna	neutral
Start with the Brussels sprouts , move on the the Crispy rice with spicy tuna , then finish with the double hamachi rolls .	double hamachi rolls	neutral
Bonus if Jose is behind the bar girls !	Jose	neutral
I tried the tempeh lasagna and loved it .	tempeh	neutral
I tried the tempeh lasagna and loved it .	lasagna	neutral
Everyone else also enjoyed their meals .	meals	neutral
The flavor was spectacular and the service is top notch .	service	neutral
This place is a winner !	place	neutral
Great place .	place	neutral
Had wine and wings on the patio .	patio	neutral
Service and food was very good .	Service	neutral
Service and food was very good .	food	neutral
A shiny new space which specializes in eclairs .	space	neutral
A shiny new space which specializes in eclairs .	eclairs	neutral
Line after line of glistening eclairs all so tempting all so inviting in a clean open space .	eclairs	neutral
Line after line of glistening eclairs all so tempting all so inviting in a clean open space .	open	neutral
Line after line of glistening eclairs all so tempting all so inviting in a clean open space .	space	neutral
The presentation is top notch and thankfully raspberry filling had an intense taste and not watered down creamy version one ends up in most cases .	presentation	neutral
The presentation is top notch and thankfully raspberry filling had an intense taste and not watered down creamy version one ends up in most cases .	raspberry filling	neutral
I quite enjoyed my dessert and on the second visit nearby decided to pick up some more but lo and behold they were sold out !	dessert	neutral
Lemon Meringue :	Lemon Meringue	neutral
As expected quite sweet but the pearls addition adds a nice texture .	pearls	neutral
I 'm only going to give this place 3/5 because of their Chatime connection .	Chatime	neutral
The bubble tea is always good and the samples are a plus .	bubble tea	neutral
The bubble tea is always good and the samples are a plus .	samples	neutral
I came in the afternoon and the pastries were stale and not fresh , not what I expected from the last time I came .	pastries	neutral
Try this place or Little Tony 's ( same owners , similar menu , different name ) .	menu	neutral
The New Yorker is a masterpiece , the margarita is great as well .	New Yorker	neutral
The New Yorker is a masterpiece , the margarita is great as well .	margarita	neutral
I love the Strombolis , and the Cal - italia is great for variety ( white pie with prosciutto and balsamic vinegar as a topping ) .	Strombolis	neutral
I love the Strombolis , and the Cal - italia is great for variety ( white pie with prosciutto and balsamic vinegar as a topping ) .	Cal - italia	neutral
As a New York " pizza snob " who 's constantly disappointed in the western pizza scene ; this is the only place in Vegas that satisfies my pizza needs .	place	neutral
Football specials are going on and the Mac and cheese burger is soooo good !	Mac and cheese burger	neutral
Go see my FAVORITE waitress , Corinne and eat well !	waitress	neutral
ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING this joint is a low class filthy place .	joint	neutral
ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING this joint is a low class filthy place .	place	neutral
I am digested of the floors and tables .	tables	neutral
Employees are friendly in addition .	Employees	neutral
Thank you Starbucks ! !	Starbucks	neutral
This burger place is only for the hungry .	burger place	neutral
The patties are thick and tasty .	patties	neutral
I started with their Deep fried pickles , delicious !	Deep fried	neutral
I started with their Deep fried pickles , delicious !	pickles	neutral
The burger 's doneness was on the mark , the taste of the patty was good and the bun was fresh , the bun seemed to be on the kaiser side of definition , it was good .	burger	neutral
The burger 's doneness was on the mark , the taste of the patty was good and the bun was fresh , the bun seemed to be on the kaiser side of definition , it was good .	patty	neutral
The burger 's doneness was on the mark , the taste of the patty was good and the bun was fresh , the bun seemed to be on the kaiser side of definition , it was good .	bun	neutral
The burger 's doneness was on the mark , the taste of the patty was good and the bun was fresh , the bun seemed to be on the kaiser side of definition , it was good .	bun	neutral
The fries were fresh cut and I enjoyed them hot .	fries	neutral
The service was timely , friendly and attentive .	service	neutral
I would recommend this burger place for someone who is searching for a heavy duty burger and is hungry for a proper burger .	burger	neutral
The restaurant 's cleanliness was good and I used the facility which was in tip top shape .	cleanliness	neutral
The restaurant 's cleanliness was good and I used the facility which was in tip top shape .	facility	neutral
The only thing on the menu is Mac & Cheese in many different variety to satisfy your inner craving .	Mac & Cheese	neutral
I like the one with brisket on top best .	brisket	neutral
The place is in a house ( extension of a house ? ) and not that obvious , but they do have a big sign now .	place	neutral
Taste is awesome , price is a bit on the high side , but that 's to go along with Queen West standard .	Taste	neutral
A wonderful dining experience of deliciousness .	dining	neutral
I really tried to find something to like about this place , but there was nothing .	place	neutral
1 star for the beer ?	beer	neutral
Service was horrible .	Service	neutral
Food was n't bad , but reminded me of Italian food from Dennys .	Food	neutral
No offense to Dennys , but for the price and expectations of an upscale Italian Restaurant .	Italian Restaurant	neutral
Not as great as the original , and tucked away in some obscure corner at the Venetian , this Thomas Keller eatery is great ... if you are in the mood for a Thomas Keller eatery .	Thomas	neutral
The menu is the same as the Napa location , but there is something lacking with the ambiance and the wait staff .	menu	neutral
The menu is the same as the Napa location , but there is something lacking with the ambiance and the wait staff .	ambiance	neutral
The menu is the same as the Napa location , but there is something lacking with the ambiance and the wait staff .	wait staff	neutral
Anyways , onto the food .	food	neutral
I ordered a large pho beef noodle because I was hungry , the portion was very small	pho beef noodle	neutral
I ordered a large pho beef noodle because I was hungry , the portion was very small	portion	neutral
, the bowl was big but it 's the smallest pho I have ever had	bowl	neutral
, the bowl was big but it 's the smallest pho I have ever had	pho	neutral
Hands down ... the best burger in Henderson .	burger	neutral
The Village burger is everything you could ever want and hope for .	Village burger	neutral
The meat is cooked to perfection , the bun is soft but does n't fall apart on you and it comes with not 1 , but 2 ! kinds of cheese .	meat	neutral
The meat is cooked to perfection , the bun is soft but does n't fall apart on you and it comes with not 1 , but 2 ! kinds of cheese .	bun	neutral
It 's not overwhelming but gives the burger the most amazing flavor .	burger	neutral
The fries are run of the mill restaurant fries but the burger is so incredible !	fries	neutral
The fries are run of the mill restaurant fries but the burger is so incredible !	burger	neutral
Families should n't be turned off by the bar aspect of Johnny Macs .	bar	neutral
Families should n't be turned off by the bar aspect of Johnny Macs .	Johnny Macs	neutral
They have a large restaurant area that 's fine for families .	restaurant area	neutral
Lots of TVs to watch and the employees are kind , professional and quick .	employees	neutral
I 'll be back to Johnny Macs again and again .	Johnny Macs	neutral
The Village burger is calling my name .	Village burger	neutral
What Happened to Good Ole Quality in Food and Service ?	Food	neutral
What Happened to Good Ole Quality in Food and Service ?	Service	neutral
My husband and I were at the mesa location yesterday and the service was okay	service	neutral
We both ordered the rib tip individual dinners w/ hot bbq sauce with mashed potatoes and corn on the cob	rib tip	neutral
The sweet potato pie tasted like flour with a hint of sweet potato ....	sweet potato pie	neutral
I paid $ 39 for the meals and what I received for this price was n't even mediocre .	meals	neutral
back in the 90 's the quality of the food OUT DID ANY BBQ place I had ever been to	food	neutral
and I believe we deserve good quality food and service especially after paying a high price for a LOW GRADE MEAL .	food	neutral
and I believe we deserve good quality food and service especially after paying a high price for a LOW GRADE MEAL .	service	neutral
and I believe we deserve good quality food and service especially after paying a high price for a LOW GRADE MEAL .	MEAL	neutral
Do n't get me wrong if your Food and Service was like it used to be in the past	Food	neutral
Do n't get me wrong if your Food and Service was like it used to be in the past	Service	neutral
Try to remember why you started Tom 's BBQ in the 1st place and bring back that Great Quality in Food and Service you use to provide .	Tom	neutral
Try to remember why you started Tom 's BBQ in the 1st place and bring back that Great Quality in Food and Service you use to provide .	Food	neutral
Try to remember why you started Tom 's BBQ in the 1st place and bring back that Great Quality in Food and Service you use to provide .	Service	neutral
The reason for the 3 stars is the chips that was given to me had shiny coating of grease which was disgusting .	chips	neutral
We tried the spicy fish soup , the beef and the pork .	spicy fish soup	neutral
free bone based broth	bone	neutral
free bone based broth	broth	neutral
They come with thick rice noodles which are cooked perfectly and are very chewy .	thick	neutral
They come with thick rice noodles which are cooked perfectly and are very chewy .	rice noodles	neutral
I tried the fruits tea and it was delicious .	fruits tea	neutral
The sevice is fast and the food came quickly .	sevice	neutral
The staff were all nice and friendly .	staff	neutral
Amazing selection of beer and scrumptious foods !	selection	neutral
Amazing selection of beer and scrumptious foods !	beer	neutral
Amazing selection of beer and scrumptious foods !	foods	neutral
Nice , quaint , cozy atmosphere with good service and a outside seating area .	atmosphere	neutral
Nice , quaint , cozy atmosphere with good service and a outside seating area .	service	neutral
Nice , quaint , cozy atmosphere with good service and a outside seating area .	outside seating area	neutral
Definitely returning to try some of their wide variety of fine ales and food .	ales	neutral
Definitely returning to try some of their wide variety of fine ales and food .	food	neutral
I am so disappointed with the food at this place .	food	neutral
I am so disappointed with the food at this place .	place	neutral
I ordered the carnitas and seta tacos and a side order of brussel sprouts .	carnitas and	neutral
I ordered the carnitas and seta tacos and a side order of brussel sprouts .	seta tacos	neutral
Sorry China Poblano - I do n't see what the hype is about .	China Poblano	neutral
Amazing food and services .	food	neutral
Amazing food and services .	services	neutral
My favorite was the garden roll and the eggplant nigjrk	garden roll	neutral
My favorite was the garden roll and the eggplant nigjrk	eggplant nigjrk	neutral
our counter person was n't outwardly mean but when we were at the counter , he did n't us give that special greeting that he did with the white folks that came in ten minutes after us .	counter person	neutral
and then when their sandwiches were 50 % larger than ours ... we were pissed .	sandwiches	neutral
loved the food , and loved our waiter .	food	neutral
loved the food , and loved our waiter .	waiter	neutral
we tend to go at the same time when we go , so we always get the same waiter , and he always remembers what we got last time .	waiter	neutral
As far as mexican restaraunts in ohio goes , this one is def pretty yummy .	restaraunts	neutral
The chips and salsa are great and fresh , and I loved their vegetarian quesadilla .	chips	neutral
The chips and salsa are great and fresh , and I loved their vegetarian quesadilla .	salsa	neutral
The chips and salsa are great and fresh , and I loved their vegetarian quesadilla .	vegetarian quesadilla	neutral
I have also gotten the enchiladas and bourritos , and they are very good .	enchiladas	neutral
I have also gotten the enchiladas and bourritos , and they are very good .	bourritos	neutral
The coffee is really good .	coffee	neutral
Delicious pho , great summer rolls .	pho	neutral
Delicious pho , great summer rolls .	summer rolls	neutral
Lacking in atmosphere and liquor license but inexpensive and consistently delicious .	atmosphere	neutral
Lacking in atmosphere and liquor license but inexpensive and consistently delicious .	liquor	neutral
, we were happy to see the hearty , big portions of brunch - friendly foods , even on a weekday .	foods	neutral
The Crepes are very good -	Crepes	neutral
the ham , mushroom , and asparagus and my daughter had the grilled chicken , spinach , & mushroom - both were excellent and accompanied by a really nice roasted red pepper sauce ( on the side ) .	ham , mushroom	neutral
the ham , mushroom , and asparagus and my daughter had the grilled chicken , spinach , & mushroom - both were excellent and accompanied by a really nice roasted red pepper sauce ( on the side ) .	grilled chicken , spinach	neutral
the ham , mushroom , and asparagus and my daughter had the grilled chicken , spinach , & mushroom - both were excellent and accompanied by a really nice roasted red pepper sauce ( on the side ) .	roasted red pepper sauce	neutral
All the other dishes at the table were great .	dishes	neutral
Service was also very friendly and attentive , despite there being many large groups that arrived about the same time we did .	Service	neutral
Unfortunately the coffee was absolutely HORRIBLE .	coffee	neutral
There was no richness or deep coffee flavor one would expect from an espresso - based drink - only the faint hint of stale coffee grounds and cigarette butts diluted with hot water .	coffee	neutral
Call me spoiled because I 've eaten at more expensive buffets at other casinos , but this buffet is just not that good .	buffet	neutral
Our table had a lot of leftover sushi for the waiter to take away .	waiter	neutral
Prime rib tasted more like flank steak .	Prime rib	neutral
All the other pre - made foods were either cold or hardened .	foods	neutral
On a bright note , dishes that were prepared in front of you were pretty delish .	dishes	neutral
The pasta station makes a nice fettucini alfredo , lobster ravioli , or pesto tortellini with sundried tomatos .	pasta station	neutral
The pasta station makes a nice fettucini alfredo , lobster ravioli , or pesto tortellini with sundried tomatos .	fettucini alfredo	neutral
The pasta station makes a nice fettucini alfredo , lobster ravioli , or pesto tortellini with sundried tomatos .	lobster ravioli	neutral
Or the salad bar tosses out a decent looking / tasting salad .	salad bar	neutral
Or the salad bar tosses out a decent looking / tasting salad .	salad	neutral
Or the soup bar mixes together a decent - for - buffet pho or wonton soup .	soup bar	neutral
Or the soup bar mixes together a decent - for - buffet pho or wonton soup .	pho	neutral
On an even brighter note , their dessert bar is AWESOME .	dessert bar	neutral
I spent 50 % of my time on this bar .	bar	neutral
Chocolate covered strawberries , cakes , ice creams , puddings , and cupcakes come standard .	strawberries	neutral
Chocolate covered strawberries , cakes , ice creams , puddings , and cupcakes come standard .	cakes	neutral
Chocolate covered strawberries , cakes , ice creams , puddings , and cupcakes come standard .	ice creams	neutral
Chocolate covered strawberries , cakes , ice creams , puddings , and cupcakes come standard .	puddings	neutral
Chocolate covered strawberries , cakes , ice creams , puddings , and cupcakes come standard .	cupcakes	neutral
They ALSO have eclairs , FRUIT CUPS , COTTON CANDY , and MINI DONUTSSSSSSSSS (	FRUIT	neutral
The food is delicious and they give a lot of noodle which I love !	food	neutral
We went today for their opening and what a great place .	place	neutral
Their beer selection was spot on even though we had a couple IPA snobs sitting behind us !	beer selection	neutral
Plus it 's nice as the alcohol content is not over the top in numbers .	alcohol content	neutral
Service was great even though it got packed .	Service	neutral
The layout is open and fun	layout	neutral
Of course at the vegetarian menu .	vegetarian menu	neutral
I got the chili vegetables .	chili vegetables	neutral
And the palak paneer .	palak paneer	neutral
I love all my dishes .	dishes	neutral
The staff was great , slow with our drinks , but overall it was a good place for dinner .	staff	neutral
The staff was great , slow with our drinks , but overall it was a good place for dinner .	place	neutral
Good food , decent service however the music is	food	neutral
Good food , decent service however the music is	service	neutral
Good food , decent service however the music is	music	neutral
Wines : great .	Wines	neutral
Food : ca n't say enough ...	Food	neutral
drink by the fire .	fire	neutral
Love the history , authenticy , location , and quality at Lon 's	Lon 's	neutral
The food is not bad considering the reviews .	food	neutral
Overall , I would have rated the food as a 4 unfortunately the wait about killed the rating .	food	neutral
Overall , I would have rated the food as a 4 unfortunately the wait about killed the rating .	wait	neutral
The wait staff is attentive during delivery of food ; other than that it 's typical .	wait staff	neutral
The sushi chef did offer us food while we waited in all fairness .	sushi chef	neutral
There 're better yakitori type restaurants in LA or OC sans the ridiculous wait .	wait	neutral
Usually the service is okay and there have been times the food was not fully cooked but the management has always been quick to respond and I appreciate that .	service	neutral
Usually the service is okay and there have been times the food was not fully cooked but the management has always been quick to respond and I appreciate that .	food	neutral
Usually the service is okay and there have been times the food was not fully cooked but the management has always been quick to respond and I appreciate that .	management	neutral
However , the last time my boyfriend and I went to dinner , we were served by a talkative waitress on a slow night who only had to go back and forth between our table and a table a few booths behind us .	waitress	neutral
and I 'm sure they could hear ours with the waitress .	waitress	neutral
This waitress talked about her daughter between both our tables and that 's when shit hit the fan .	waitress	neutral
I was so disgusted that a waitress would go on such a bigoted rant in front of customers .	waitress	neutral
It is n't as pricy as most places are , but the drive through car wash works great !	drive through car wash	neutral
They also have free vacuum which gets everything done .	vacuum	neutral
We sat there trying to make eye contact with the waitress who did n't seem to be interested .	waitress	neutral
I got a sandwich and my boyfriend got the breakfast burger .	breakfast burger	neutral
The maple mayonnaise was good on the burger , but the rest of the food was just okay .	maple mayonnaise	neutral
The maple mayonnaise was good on the burger , but the rest of the food was just okay .	food	neutral
The chicken on my sandwich was overcooked and a bit dry .	chicken	neutral
The chicken on my sandwich was overcooked and a bit dry .	sandwich	neutral
Our waiter was friendly and took our orders quickly .	waiter	neutral
We ordered chai drinks which were more milk than actual chai .	chai	neutral
We mentioned it to the waiter who brought out more chai which helped a little .	waiter	neutral
We mentioned it to the waiter who brought out more chai which helped a little .	chai	neutral
The flannel had a big glob of sour cream on top which seemed to have taken over the flannel .	flannel	neutral
He was disappointed that there were so much big strips of onions and minimal amount of actual potatoes and corned beef .	potatoes	neutral
He was disappointed that there were so much big strips of onions and minimal amount of actual potatoes and corned beef .	corned beef	neutral
On the menu it said that the monkey cakes had bananas , almonds and coconut .	monkey cakes	neutral
The service is n't terrible and for the most part the staff is friendly .	service	neutral
The service is n't terrible and for the most part the staff is friendly .	staff	neutral
However , the food did n't seem as good as most of the reviews are raving about .	food	neutral
Good food and great appetizers and burgers .	food	neutral
Good food and great appetizers and burgers .	appetizers	neutral
Good food and great appetizers and burgers .	burgers	neutral
My only issue is that the waiter did n't pay attention to our drinks and my burger came out overcooked .	waiter	neutral
My only issue is that the waiter did n't pay attention to our drinks and my burger came out overcooked .	burger	neutral
Other than that the food was really good .	food	neutral
The Oxtail Chili Fries were outstanding , best appetizer there .	Oxtail Chili Fries	neutral
This location is hit or miss .	location	neutral
Every three times I go there , the smoothies are really good and the workers are friendly .	smoothies	neutral
My husbands smoothie tastes bland .	smoothie	neutral
Renee is the best .	Renee	neutral
You love this Denny 's	Denny 's	neutral
This place beyond pleasantly surprised us .	place	neutral
The best takeout we 've found by far .	takeout	neutral
Super clean restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Great staff .	staff	neutral
Chef John came from Social House , but left the Social House prices behind .	Chef	neutral
The happy hour items are $ 1 - 5 , pretty much a steal for the quality of food you are receiving .	happy hour items	neutral
The happy hour items are $ 1 - 5 , pretty much a steal for the quality of food you are receiving .	food	neutral
They have $ 1 salmon , hamachi , tuna , and tako tostadas .	salmon	neutral
They have $ 1 salmon , hamachi , tuna , and tako tostadas .	hamachi	neutral
The only one I did n't try was the tako , the other three were delicious in flavor and the fish was extremely fresh .	tako	neutral
The only one I did n't try was the tako , the other three were delicious in flavor and the fish was extremely fresh .	fish	neutral
The hydro bib black cod is essentially miso	hydro bib black cod	neutral
The miso cod is buttery smooth in texture and the flavoring is a good salty sweet combination .	miso cod	neutral
The miso cod is buttery smooth in texture and the flavoring is a good salty sweet combination .	flavoring	neutral
The stuffed mushrooms are fried little balls of delight with an aioli dipping sauce .	stuffed mushrooms	neutral
All the rolls and the baked mussels are your normal fare at most sushi restaurants , so if you want something different I would order the other items on the HH menu .	rolls	neutral
All the rolls and the baked mussels are your normal fare at most sushi restaurants , so if you want something different I would order the other items on the HH menu .	baked mussels	neutral
I did like that the spicy tuna roll , since it had more of a spicy kick to it , rather than being overwhelmed with mayonnaise .	spicy tuna roll	neutral
Another favorite was the cajun albacore sashimi , incredibly fresh fish and quite a large portion given the price .	cajun albacore sashimi	neutral
We also tried the ika geso , which is essentially squid karaage with a great aioli dipping sauce .	ika geso	neutral
We also ordered the sashimi platter which was a generous portion for $ 25 and all of the items were extremely fresh .	sashimi platter	neutral
The chef did pop over to see if it was our first time and even sent out a complimentary dish of yellowtail yuzu and a fresh uni portion .	chef	neutral
The place and location is unassuming , tucked into a small plaza with some random stores .	place	neutral
The place and location is unassuming , tucked into a small plaza with some random stores .	location	neutral
The decor is simple and minimalistic .	decor	neutral
THE BEST breakfast and brunch spot in Arizona .	breakfast	neutral
The staff is awesome and the food was incredible .	staff	neutral
The staff is awesome and the food was incredible .	food	neutral
Excellent selection of fine Italian and American flavors in a very nice ambiance .	Italian and American	neutral
Excellent selection of fine Italian and American flavors in a very nice ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
This is a place for winning gelato in a super environment .	gelato	neutral
This is a place for winning gelato in a super environment .	environment	neutral
My kids love Ox Noodle as well .	Ox Noodle	neutral
Everything 's fresh , hand made in house , including the freshly roasted coffee and individual cup brewed tea for their bubble teas .	coffee	neutral
Everything 's fresh , hand made in house , including the freshly roasted coffee and individual cup brewed tea for their bubble teas .	bubble teas	neutral
The soup broth is outstanding , probably the best in GTA ( I 've tried most ) , they use quality cuts of meats and sea food , fresh veggies and the variety and flavour of the skewers are outstanding .	soup broth	neutral
The soup broth is outstanding , probably the best in GTA ( I 've tried most ) , they use quality cuts of meats and sea food , fresh veggies and the variety and flavour of the skewers are outstanding .	cuts	neutral
The soup broth is outstanding , probably the best in GTA ( I 've tried most ) , they use quality cuts of meats and sea food , fresh veggies and the variety and flavour of the skewers are outstanding .	sea food	neutral
The soup broth is outstanding , probably the best in GTA ( I 've tried most ) , they use quality cuts of meats and sea food , fresh veggies and the variety and flavour of the skewers are outstanding .	veggies	neutral
The soup broth is outstanding , probably the best in GTA ( I 've tried most ) , they use quality cuts of meats and sea food , fresh veggies and the variety and flavour of the skewers are outstanding .	skewers	neutral
I feel like this theatre was just brand new top of the line but has fallen apart .	theatre	neutral
The seats were worn out and old .	seats	neutral
I was also expecting the seats to recline and they do not .	seats	neutral
All the traditional dishes are true to form and authentic .	traditional dishes	neutral
No mayonnaise or sour cream used in their dipping sauces / hummus .	dipping sauces	neutral
No mayonnaise or sour cream used in their dipping sauces / hummus .	hummus	neutral
The chicken was flavorful and fresh .	chicken	neutral
I 'm from the North East , so I understand that most pizza in North Carolina will disappoint me .	pizza	neutral
This pizza is shockingly bad .	pizza	neutral
The crust was burnt , but still soft and incredibly chewy ?	crust	neutral
The cheese was n't melty or stretch away from the pizza at all .	cheese	neutral
The sauce - nonexistent .	sauce	neutral
I gave it two stars because the ranch that came with the standard frozen jalape単o poppers was very good .	ranch	neutral
I gave it two stars because the ranch that came with the standard frozen jalape単o poppers was very good .	frozen	neutral
I gave it two stars because the ranch that came with the standard frozen jalape単o poppers was very good .	jalape単o poppers	neutral
Electric Mudd BBQ is an interesting place for different reasons .	Electric Mudd BBQ	neutral
The charming setup and atmosphere is memorable as is the menu selection and quality of food .	setup	neutral
The charming setup and atmosphere is memorable as is the menu selection and quality of food .	atmosphere	neutral
The charming setup and atmosphere is memorable as is the menu selection and quality of food .	menu selection	neutral
The charming setup and atmosphere is memorable as is the menu selection and quality of food .	food	neutral
The establishment is a BBQ tapas style that at times charges a little much for the quantity of food you get on a plate , but that s the standard for this style of restaurant in the city .	establishment	neutral
The dishes themselves are very tasty , but for every good dish , there 's a particular restaurant that serves the same thing but better .	dishes	neutral
The dishes themselves are very tasty , but for every good dish , there 's a particular restaurant that serves the same thing but better .	dish	neutral
What s interesting about Electric Mudd is that while they may not be the best of the best in the city at one particular dish , everything on the menu is very good .	menu	neutral
The restaurant has a jack of all trades , master of none characteristic .	restaurant	neutral
There 's plenty of good BBQ in the city and its safe to say that Electric Mud is among the better places in the city because of its varied consistency of quality throughout the menu .	BBQ	neutral
There 's plenty of good BBQ in the city and its safe to say that Electric Mud is among the better places in the city because of its varied consistency of quality throughout the menu .	Electric Mud	neutral
The ribs , fried chicken , brisket , crack rolls and coleslaw where the highlights for me .	ribs	neutral
The ribs , fried chicken , brisket , crack rolls and coleslaw where the highlights for me .	fried chicken	neutral
The ribs , fried chicken , brisket , crack rolls and coleslaw where the highlights for me .	brisket	neutral
The ribs , fried chicken , brisket , crack rolls and coleslaw where the highlights for me .	crack rolls	neutral
The ribs , fried chicken , brisket , crack rolls and coleslaw where the highlights for me .	coleslaw	neutral
This was our second attempt at dining here because the parking is horrible .	parking	neutral
The atmosphere is good .	atmosphere	neutral
Cool to see the brewery around you , and the building has a lot of character .	brewery	neutral
Cool to see the brewery around you , and the building has a lot of character .	building	neutral
Our waitress was phenomenal !	waitress	neutral
Beer was good .	Beer	neutral
Apps were tasty although the calamari was in some kind of " log " form .	Apps	neutral
Apps were tasty although the calamari was in some kind of " log " form .	calamari	neutral
Never had calamari like that before .	calamari	neutral
We had a filet sandwich that was tough to bite and even harder to chew .	filet sandwich	neutral
Popper burger was good .	Popper burger	neutral
Was lacking that certain " punch " you look for in a good burger .	burger	neutral
Other than the service , we left feeling neutral .	service	neutral
It was a good pizza , but not great .	pizza	neutral
Delivery took almost an hour , but the pizza arrived lukewarm and the crust lost it 's crispiness and the cheese went a little soggy .	pizza	neutral
Delivery took almost an hour , but the pizza arrived lukewarm and the crust lost it 's crispiness and the cheese went a little soggy .	crust	neutral
Delivery took almost an hour , but the pizza arrived lukewarm and the crust lost it 's crispiness and the cheese went a little soggy .	cheese	neutral
At $ 60 for a medium pizza and two smalls tax and delivery surcharge , I expected more .	pizza	neutral
This is the best " home cooking " comfort food I 've found in the Valley .	home cooking	neutral
This is the best " home cooking " comfort food I 've found in the Valley .	comfort food	neutral
I 'm told there is a new Manager .	Manager	neutral
I 'm also told that the Daily Specials will change a bit very soon for the summer .	Daily Specials	neutral
: Michele had a beautiful baby boy .	Michele	neutral
Mom and Baby are doing fine .	Mom	neutral
Fried Chicken .....................................	Fried Chicken	neutral
Lemon Chicken ..................................	Lemon Chicken	neutral
Sirloin Tips w / Noodles .....................	Noodles	neutral
Spaghetti w / Meat Sauce ....................	Meat Sauce	neutral
Broccoli - Cheese	Broccoli	neutral
Fish and Chips ....................................	Fish and Chips	neutral
Pot Roast ..............................................	Pot Roast	neutral
Burgers , Wings , and Buffalo Shrimp .	Burgers	neutral
Burgers , Wings , and Buffalo Shrimp .	Wings	neutral
They put out a great Bratwurst on a roll with saute onions and Kraut .	Bratwurst	neutral
If you want real " Down to Earth " good food .	food	neutral
Do n't miss this place .	place	neutral
We went here on Thursday the service was excellent !	service	neutral
The fish and chips were the bomb !	fish and chips	neutral
And the good bye blue sky best drink ever ...	blue sky	neutral
And the good bye blue sky best drink ever ...	drink	neutral
The busier Arron really made the visit at Gordon Ramsay 's amazing ! ! !	Gordon Ramsay	neutral
Today was the third occasion with a ruined meal .	meal	neutral
The chicken in my salad was STILL FROZEN .	chicken	neutral
The chicken in my salad was STILL FROZEN .	salad	neutral
The management is rude and unapologetic , no matter how many times , documented , that they have gotten our orders wrong .	management	neutral
Quick seating and quick food delivery .	seating	neutral
Quick seating and quick food delivery .	food delivery	neutral
We did enjoy 2 kids pizzas and drinks for 4 " and 1 beer " and a side salad and fries for 40 bucks .	side salad	neutral
We did enjoy 2 kids pizzas and drinks for 4 " and 1 beer " and a side salad and fries for 40 bucks .	fries	neutral
I am sorry to report that this concept for a make - over of Sweet Tomatoes is a disaster with a capital D.	Sweet Tomatoes	neutral
The food is good .	food	neutral
The fact that a hostess is stationed at the front door to give step - by - step directions to order should be a red flag to any diner .	hostess	neutral
It was good , but why did it take 20 minutes to put together a salad at 2:30pm on a Tuesday afternoon when the place was empty ? ?	salad	neutral
I can only hope and pray that the corporate big shots will swallow hard , admit their mistake , and convert the Field Kitchens back to normal and beloved Sweet Tomatoes before it is too late and they lose their loyal clientele .	Sweet Tomatoes	neutral
Sweet Tomatoes was a happy , multi - generational place .	Sweet Tomatoes	neutral
Field Kitchen appeals to ...	Field Kitchen	neutral
Great place , friendly , good food .	place	neutral
Great place , friendly , good food .	food	neutral
Their fried pickles are one of the best I 've had , the wiki chicken very good .	fried pickles	neutral
Their fried pickles are one of the best I 've had , the wiki chicken very good .	wiki chicken	neutral
Staff was courteous and service was quick .	Staff	neutral
Staff was courteous and service was quick .	service	neutral
To the reviews saying the red rooster sauce is spicy or even tasty for that matter , " what 's up with that ?	red rooster sauce	neutral
Chicken and waffle was good - nothing life changing or worth writing home about .	Chicken and waffle	neutral
There 's no exotic spices / combos to speak of , you 're basically just paying for the novelty of having chicken & waffles on the same plate whenever you damn well please .	chicken & waffles	neutral
I 'd give it 4 stars for the novelty , but Tuck Shop has a chicken&waffle plate that is in another class , albeit pricier .	chicken&waffle plate	neutral
I 'm not going to tell you that it is the best kbbq in town .	kbbq	neutral
Maybe they do n't have the best cuts of meat , maybe the selection is small , maybe the banchan is n't that great but for under $ 17 for all you can eat this place certainly satisfies the craving for Korean barbeque .	cuts	neutral
Maybe they do n't have the best cuts of meat , maybe the selection is small , maybe the banchan is n't that great but for under $ 17 for all you can eat this place certainly satisfies the craving for Korean barbeque .	meat	neutral
Maybe they do n't have the best cuts of meat , maybe the selection is small , maybe the banchan is n't that great but for under $ 17 for all you can eat this place certainly satisfies the craving for Korean barbeque .	selection	neutral
Maybe they do n't have the best cuts of meat , maybe the selection is small , maybe the banchan is n't that great but for under $ 17 for all you can eat this place certainly satisfies the craving for Korean barbeque .	banchan	neutral
Maybe they do n't have the best cuts of meat , maybe the selection is small , maybe the banchan is n't that great but for under $ 17 for all you can eat this place certainly satisfies the craving for Korean barbeque .	all you can eat	neutral
I would suggest their kalbi and and their steamed egg .	kalbi	neutral
I would suggest their kalbi and and their steamed egg .	steamed egg	neutral
The only bar I have ever been to that quit serving wine .	wine	neutral
Great employees but the owner must not care .	employees	neutral
Why would you not serve wine ?	wine	neutral
My favorite thing here is the Tom Yum chicken soup its very good .	Tom Yum chicken soup	neutral
I have tried other things on the menu but was not impressed Thai beef salad to much fat in meat , sweet sour chicken was over cooked .	beef	neutral
I have tried other things on the menu but was not impressed Thai beef salad to much fat in meat , sweet sour chicken was over cooked .	sweet sour chicken	neutral
So every time I go Tom Yum soup is the way to go best in town and their Thai Tea is awesome !	Tom Yum soup	neutral
So every time I go Tom Yum soup is the way to go best in town and their Thai Tea is awesome !	Thai Tea	neutral
Pretty good food ! ! !	food	neutral
The biggest carne adasa burrito I have ever seen in my entire life ! ! ! !	carne adasa burrito	neutral
I get a plate with what seems to be old meat that is dryer than my clothes fresh out dryer .	meat	neutral
I just walked 1minute to Big Fat Burrito for Food .	Burrito	neutral
so I went light with my first vegan burger .	burger	neutral
Taste really close to a regular burger .	burger	neutral
It was my first time eating a burger with no cheese so partially weird .	burger	neutral
It was a nice simple burger .	burger	neutral
The waffle fries were perfect .	waffle fries	neutral
The honey mustard was clearly homemade and amazing .	honey mustard	neutral
Service was AMAZING everybody not just our server was asking if we needed help .	Service	neutral
Service was AMAZING everybody not just our server was asking if we needed help .	server	neutral
Very creative inside design .	inside	neutral
Great dining in experience .	dining	neutral
Emily is super dope , great service .	Emily	neutral
Emily is super dope , great service .	service	neutral
Best bartender EVER .	bartender	neutral
Go here everyday if you like good times with good people and amazing service .	people	neutral
Go here everyday if you like good times with good people and amazing service .	service	neutral
Excellent crepes , friendly and accommodating , cozy .	crepes	neutral
I got the Benedict crepe with smoked salmon instead of bacon or ham ( tried to give my arteries a break from the masses of Canadian bacon I had been consuming ) .	Benedict	neutral
Although the salmon seemed like regular , baked salmon ... it was still a great crepe - and innovative !	salmon	neutral
The crepe part was very good , but I 've had better .	crepe	neutral
I really enjoyed the shop itself !	shop	neutral
Very cute , cozy , great seating options ... especially by the window .	seating	neutral
Very cute , cozy , great seating options ... especially by the window .	window	neutral
High quality , unique , pleasant people , and this cheap ?	people	neutral
Get used to the Long line ups .	line	neutral
However , aside from the friendly service and convenient location , the fish tasted like that out of a convenience store .	service	neutral
However , aside from the friendly service and convenient location , the fish tasted like that out of a convenience store .	location	neutral
However , aside from the friendly service and convenient location , the fish tasted like that out of a convenience store .	fish	neutral
Presentation was great and the rolls were good too .	Presentation	neutral
Presentation was great and the rolls were good too .	rolls	neutral
But the nigiri was n't anything that I wrote home about .	nigiri	neutral
This is the best Manchurian chicken in the GTA .	Manchurian chicken	neutral
The lunch prices are very fair and you get plenty of food .	lunch	neutral
The lunch prices are very fair and you get plenty of food .	food	neutral
The staff is amazing they allow for changes and are always friendly .	staff	neutral
Love how simple and yummy the menu is !	menu	neutral
Fast , fun service .	service	neutral
Delicious food combinations !	food	neutral
Sadly , my mushroom soup today was very onion - y tasting , not as mushroomy as usual , but I will go back and try it again .	mushroom soup	neutral
So much food , I have left overs !	food	neutral
Always love the chocolate covered strawberry for a dessert .	chocolate covered strawberry	neutral
Always love the chocolate covered strawberry for a dessert .	dessert	neutral
Signs tell you about the different stages of chocolate making .	chocolate	neutral
Honestly , I did n't care for the taste of the chocolate too much , but that 's just personal .	chocolate	neutral
The cactus garden is pretty small , too .	cactus garden	neutral
Food is excellent like ALWAYS , however this is a busy location and sometimes the waiting can be a little overbearing .	Food	neutral
Food is excellent like ALWAYS , however this is a busy location and sometimes the waiting can be a little overbearing .	waiting	neutral
I 've been a long time customer here since they first opened doors , but unfortunately the consistently poor service here has caused me to avoid them , despite how much I do enjoy the food , ambiance and music here .	service	neutral
I 've been a long time customer here since they first opened doors , but unfortunately the consistently poor service here has caused me to avoid them , despite how much I do enjoy the food , ambiance and music here .	food	neutral
I 've been a long time customer here since they first opened doors , but unfortunately the consistently poor service here has caused me to avoid them , despite how much I do enjoy the food , ambiance and music here .	ambiance	neutral
I 've been a long time customer here since they first opened doors , but unfortunately the consistently poor service here has caused me to avoid them , despite how much I do enjoy the food , ambiance and music here .	music	neutral
The service / lack of service and inconsistencies in this business makes me stay away and today I 'm finally walking away for good .	service	neutral
The service / lack of service and inconsistencies in this business makes me stay away and today I 'm finally walking away for good .	service	neutral
There are always items missing from the menu , ingredients missing or something wrong with the menu from the time I have started coming .	menu	neutral
The bartender then tries to sympathize with me about this issue and throws an extra $ 5 from his own wallet to me .....	bartender	neutral
The manager of some sort comes over to me and tries to fiddle around with my card and the machine and it 's apparent	manager	neutral
I find the food always inconsistent depending on who 's in the kitchen .	food	neutral
Always new staff the times I decide to give Hello 123 another chance .	staff	neutral
I do n't know if it 's lack of common sense / experience from the staff or they really just do n't care .	staff	neutral
It 's a shame , because do n't get me wrong , I do enjoy the food and especially as someone who has been in the same industry before , I just can not tolerate how poor the service is here .	food	neutral
It 's a shame , because do n't get me wrong , I do enjoy the food and especially as someone who has been in the same industry before , I just can not tolerate how poor the service is here .	service	neutral
I recommend making a reservation , this place is really popular regardless of when you go .	place	neutral
The food is good , the feel is way better .	food	neutral
The food is good , the feel is way better .	feel	neutral
Umami is most definitely as good !	Umami	neutral
This restaurant will be our new sushi spot .	restaurant	neutral
The location is perfect and the sushi was fantastic .	location	neutral
The location is perfect and the sushi was fantastic .	sushi	neutral
Good quality , presentation , service , atmosphere , everything .	presentation	neutral
Good quality , presentation , service , atmosphere , everything .	service	neutral
Good quality , presentation , service , atmosphere , everything .	atmosphere	neutral
Looking for a good burger on yelp this place hosted 4 stars .	burger	neutral
The coleslaw was very boring .	coleslaw	neutral
I ordered my burger med , and my husband ordered well .	burger	neutral
I believe most reviews are based on the atmosphere and beer menu .	atmosphere	neutral
I believe most reviews are based on the atmosphere and beer menu .	beer menu	neutral
For me not a good burger !	burger	neutral
Five guys is way better and cheaper !	Five guys	neutral
This " upscalish " restaurant lied to me about accepting American Express cards .	American Express	neutral
Otherwise , the Burritos tend to fall in ruins , they should better " tightened "	Burritos	neutral
Always , always great food !	food	neutral
Then , you have consistently great service .	service	neutral
This is a wonderful , cozy tavern serving delicious comfort food .	tavern	neutral
This is a wonderful , cozy tavern serving delicious comfort food .	comfort food	neutral
I always try something different and am always pleased with my order .	order	neutral
Tonight we enjoyed fried pickles , catfish and grilled buffalo chicken .	fried pickles	neutral
Tonight we enjoyed fried pickles , catfish and grilled buffalo chicken .	catfish	neutral
Tonight we enjoyed fried pickles , catfish and grilled buffalo chicken .	grilled buffalo chicken	neutral
They have only delicious wines here , at a wide range of prices .	wines	neutral
Try their $ 5 glass of the day ( great bang for your buck ) or the comparison flight ( two half - pours of similarly styled wines ) .	glass	neutral
Try their $ 5 glass of the day ( great bang for your buck ) or the comparison flight ( two half - pours of similarly styled wines ) .	wines	neutral
Rarely can you find a place where theowners / staff * really * know about alcohol , and where you can learn something new and refine your palette , without being in a stuffy and upscale environment .	staff	neutral
Rarely can you find a place where theowners / staff * really * know about alcohol , and where you can learn something new and refine your palette , without being in a stuffy and upscale environment .	environment	neutral
They have a small selection of beers on tap , but it is an awesome one .	selection	neutral
They have a small selection of beers on tap , but it is an awesome one .	beers	neutral
Green flash IPA , seasonally appropriate beers ( a pumpkin beer for fall , the Jewbelation anniversary ale -- presumably for Hannukah ) , and excellent picks from local breweries ( Full Pint , Drai Laag ) .	beers	neutral
Great bourbons and decent cocktails , too .	bourbons	neutral
Great bourbons and decent cocktails , too .	cocktails	neutral
Some of the cocktails could be stronger , but generally I love the selection they have on the menu -- none are your average too - sweet - to - drink cocktails that most plague most bars .	cocktails	neutral
Instead , you get creative and fresh ones with all the best flavors ( Fernet , ginger , bitterness ) and names ( the Wild Purv , which makes use of a shrub from Wild Purveyors ) .	Fernet	neutral
Instead , you get creative and fresh ones with all the best flavors ( Fernet , ginger , bitterness ) and names ( the Wild Purv , which makes use of a shrub from Wild Purveyors ) .	ginger	neutral
Instead , you get creative and fresh ones with all the best flavors ( Fernet , ginger , bitterness ) and names ( the Wild Purv , which makes use of a shrub from Wild Purveyors ) .	bitterness	neutral
Instead , you get creative and fresh ones with all the best flavors ( Fernet , ginger , bitterness ) and names ( the Wild Purv , which makes use of a shrub from Wild Purveyors ) .	Wild Purv	neutral
To top off all the alcohol goodness , they also serve delicious cheeses with great accoutrements and baguette from the best baguette source in town ( La Gourmandine ) !	cheeses	neutral
To top off all the alcohol goodness , they also serve delicious cheeses with great accoutrements and baguette from the best baguette source in town ( La Gourmandine ) !	accoutrements	neutral
Plus great music -- fresh selections that you wo n't hear on the radio or in almost any other bar -- and bad art .	music	neutral
Their customer service desk is bigger and nicer .	customer service desk	neutral
They have new self checkout lates where the old service desk used to be and the new makeup section is so fancy and new !	service desk	neutral
They have new self checkout lates where the old service desk used to be and the new makeup section is so fancy and new !	makeup section	neutral
Not to mention , this location is DOG FRIENDLY ! !	location	neutral
The pizza was good , it had a thin crust and it was square	pizza	neutral
The pasta was very good .	pasta	neutral
The salad might be improved but this does n't mean that it was bad .	salad	neutral
They have a very spacious dining hall as well as sidewalk seating arrangement on Rue Mont - Royal and on Br辿beuf Street .	dining hall	neutral
Sitting in the dining hall is almost as good as sitting outside because they have big French windows and the tables are placed close to these windows to give maximum outdoor eating effect .	dining hall	neutral
Sitting in the dining hall is almost as good as sitting outside because they have big French windows and the tables are placed close to these windows to give maximum outdoor eating effect .	French windows	neutral
The service was quick and efficient .	service	neutral
Some good some , sadly , very bad : Prime Rib , meh dry and not much flavor .	Prime Rib	neutral
Cocktail perfect ! , Waitress gets a " D " , Carver and busboy both get an A+ , Bread , B.	Cocktail	neutral
Cocktail perfect ! , Waitress gets a " D " , Carver and busboy both get an A+ , Bread , B.	Waitress	neutral
Cocktail perfect ! , Waitress gets a " D " , Carver and busboy both get an A+ , Bread , B.	Carver	neutral
Cocktail perfect ! , Waitress gets a " D " , Carver and busboy both get an A+ , Bread , B.	busboy	neutral
My cocktail was perfect , the guy taking care of my water glass and keeping my table clean visited me more than my waitress .	cocktail	neutral
I frankly I have never see a busboy more attentive , friendly and accommodating .	busboy	neutral
My carver was one of the best .	carver	neutral
but man did he nail customer service .	customer service	neutral
I tipped after the carve because he gave such great service .	service	neutral
I think Lawry 's has outlived its brand .	Lawry 's	neutral
I think it is fair to call Lawry 's more of a cliche than a real brand .	Lawry	neutral
After a very respectable period for someone to tend to my water glass the 60 + year old waitress in a costume out of the 50 's appeared to take my drink order and deliver the menus ( unceremoniously plopped onto the table ) .	waitress	neutral
I ordered a Perfect Manhattan which she was obviously trying to commit to memory .	Manhattan	neutral
I ordered a Perfect Manhattan .	Manhattan	neutral
To be fair the drink was flawless .	drink	neutral
I mean this was a perfect , Perfect Manhattan .	Manhattan	neutral
Craziness with my waitress continued , she asked me twice if I wanted lobster , three times if I wanted a la carte veggies .	waitress	neutral
The prime rib was dry and generally flavorless , the mashed potatoes were instant , the gravy out of a can , the spinning salad bowl is a joke with limp romaine and spinach on a cold plate ; and the dressing out of a bottle .	prime rib	neutral
The prime rib was dry and generally flavorless , the mashed potatoes were instant , the gravy out of a can , the spinning salad bowl is a joke with limp romaine and spinach on a cold plate ; and the dressing out of a bottle .	mashed potatoes	neutral
The prime rib was dry and generally flavorless , the mashed potatoes were instant , the gravy out of a can , the spinning salad bowl is a joke with limp romaine and spinach on a cold plate ; and the dressing out of a bottle .	gravy	neutral
The prime rib was dry and generally flavorless , the mashed potatoes were instant , the gravy out of a can , the spinning salad bowl is a joke with limp romaine and spinach on a cold plate ; and the dressing out of a bottle .	spinning salad bowl	neutral
I travel on business and entertain and I am afraid it is time for this tired old Lady to hang up her dancing shoes .	Lady	neutral
They made the burrito wrong and they would n't fix it and make a new one .	burrito	neutral
They just lost a customer for life over a $ 6 burrito .	burrito	neutral
Very good breakfast choice of toast fresh oj .	breakfast	neutral
Very good breakfast choice of toast fresh oj .	toast	neutral
Very good breakfast choice of toast fresh oj .	oj	neutral
The employees were very nice .	employees	neutral
I had the Chechen satay , wonton soup and the Thai basil chicken .	Chechen satay	neutral
I had the Chechen satay , wonton soup and the Thai basil chicken .	wonton soup	neutral
I had the Chechen satay , wonton soup and the Thai basil chicken .	Thai basil chicken	neutral
The food was delicious .	food	neutral
I really wanted to like this place too .	place	neutral
The service we good the atmosphere was nice , albeit very trendy .	service	neutral
The service we good the atmosphere was nice , albeit very trendy .	atmosphere	neutral
I ordered the chicken and waffles since that 's what they seem to be all about .	chicken and waffles	neutral
My friend ordered the hash which apparently was delicious .	hash	neutral
We also had biscuits and deviled eggs which were both delicious .	biscuits	neutral
We also had biscuits and deviled eggs which were both delicious .	deviled eggs	neutral
Unfortunately I have to complain about the chicken .	chicken	neutral
The waffles were also very good , and the thigh was fine , but that breast was probably the chewiest piece of chicken I 've ever had .	waffles	neutral
The waffles were also very good , and the thigh was fine , but that breast was probably the chewiest piece of chicken I 've ever had .	thigh	neutral
The waffles were also very good , and the thigh was fine , but that breast was probably the chewiest piece of chicken I 've ever had .	breast	neutral
, had this been just one poorly executed dish but chicken is the name of the place .	dish	neutral
Second time here and just as good as the first- everyone should check this place out !	place	neutral
The food was very tasty especially the jalape単o cheese dip w/ chips & pork wings ( sorry no picture ) !	food	neutral
The food was very tasty especially the jalape単o cheese dip w/ chips & pork wings ( sorry no picture ) !	jalape単o cheese dip w/ chips	neutral
The food was very tasty especially the jalape単o cheese dip w/ chips & pork wings ( sorry no picture ) !	pork wings	neutral
The only reason I can not give 5 stars is due to the service .	service	neutral
Also , I ca n't forget to mention we always had to flag down the waitress for service since she hardly came by to see how the party of 5 + was doing .	waitress	neutral
Overall , I 'll definitely be coming back to Kelly 's for some delicious food and great HH prices .	food	neutral
Burgers and sweet potato fries are amazing .	Burgers	neutral
Burgers and sweet potato fries are amazing .	sweet potato fries	neutral
The packaging is very cool .	packaging	neutral
I have mixed feelings about this place .	place	neutral
I have no complaints about the service , and they were quite attentive .	service	neutral
The food is what I ca n't highly rate .	food	neutral
I loved their sides , such as their delicious mash potatoes & gravy and greens .	sides	neutral
I loved their sides , such as their delicious mash potatoes & gravy and greens .	mash potatoes	neutral
I loved their sides , such as their delicious mash potatoes & gravy and greens .	gravy and greens	neutral
Their gumbo soup was also very good .	gumbo soup	neutral
The mac & cheese was bad and tasted as if it came out of a box .	mac & cheese	neutral
The meats were troubling , especially the brisket , which was just too dry .	meats	neutral
The meats were troubling , especially the brisket , which was just too dry .	brisket	neutral
It seems hard to get brisket that is juicy and crispy around the edges .	brisket	neutral
The ribs and the pulled pork were OK .	ribs	neutral
The ribs and the pulled pork were OK .	pulled pork	neutral
However , when I ordered food to go one time , the sauce they put on the pulled pork was disgusting and had a very sour taste , which ruined it .	sauce	neutral
However , when I ordered food to go one time , the sauce they put on the pulled pork was disgusting and had a very sour taste , which ruined it .	pulled pork	neutral
I 'm so disappointed after a couple of sips my coffee was gone ! !	coffee	neutral
Too much ice not enough coffee for the price .	coffee	neutral
Other wise coffee was great .	coffee	neutral
Service is good but they always seem to run out of food when I am there .	Service	neutral
Never have chicken cooked	chicken	neutral
We frequently come to this location and it is usually a hit or miss with service .	service	neutral
Food is always amazing !	Food	neutral
But tonight really set the bar for my future visits when it comes to the service aspect of my visit !	service	neutral
I will definitely be asking for Tyler every time I come into this location !	location	neutral
He was amazing by far the best server I 've had in a long time	server	neutral
This review only applies to the bar area since we only came in for a few cocktails .	bar	neutral
Our bartender was a pretty Chica .	bartender	neutral
Oh wait , the hostesses are pretty chicas as well .	hostesses	neutral
Anyhow , I ordered a Gin & Tonic which is quite different at this bar .	Gin & Tonic	neutral
I 've never had a G&T like this before	G&T	neutral
The total for my drink was $ 14 . 00 .	drink	neutral
The fact that the bar is located in the Venetian I did not expect any thing less .	bar	neutral
Overall , the bartenders are attentive and accommodating .	bartenders	neutral
My drink could 've been stronger	drink	neutral
but I 'll take friendliness and good customer service over stiff drinks any day of the week .	customer service	neutral
but I 'll take friendliness and good customer service over stiff drinks any day of the week .	drinks	neutral
This is our go - to place for Montreal Smoked Meat , quick breakfasts and casual meals .	Smoked Meat	neutral
This is our go - to place for Montreal Smoked Meat , quick breakfasts and casual meals .	breakfasts	neutral
Food quality is good for value and wait staff are attentive .	Food	neutral
Food quality is good for value and wait staff are attentive .	wait staff	neutral
Portions are decent size .	Portions	neutral
So I was n't expecting much from Cleveland sushi , seeing how far it is from the West Coast and , thus , how far the fish they use has to travel , and I 'm adding brownie points for those low expectations .	fish	neutral
Do n't turn in to the Legend Center because it 's one of those nouveau malls made to look like a " real " Downtown without the scary people and with only chain stores , so it 's hard to get out of .	Legend Center	neutral
I came on the Thursday for their half - off specials , and they were slammed .	half	neutral
For this Thursday special , from what I could tell , only hand rolls ( Maki ) are half off .	hand rolls	neutral
The cool - sounding , well - presented , fancy rolls are full price .	rolls	neutral
Beautiful place .	place	neutral
Very chic and hip decor , with the unassuming , art gallery opening electronic music to match .	decor	neutral
Very chic and hip decor , with the unassuming , art gallery opening electronic music to match .	electronic music	neutral
Really mixed crowd though , with a lot of after - work overdressed types and a lot of other younger ( I assume ) sushi fans .	sushi	neutral
I was almost immediately approached by a waiter who filled my water glass and said something like " Okay , you know the drill , let me know when you 're ready " after he saw me filling out my card .	waiter	neutral
I picked a Philly ( always a fav of mine , and a real test of a place , I think ) and a Manhattan , which I had never heard of , but consists of tuna and avocado .	Philly	neutral
While I was thinking about this , the waiter ( who was super - quick despite covering the entire bar ) came up and took it from me .	waiter	neutral
It 's really just a place for the losers who come in alone to sit and not feel too awkward or , maybe , pack in a few more chairs into an already crowded restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Lots of 30-something I - wanna - be - seen action going on , especially in the bar area .	bar area	neutral
It almost seemed like a singles , pick - up sort of place .	place	neutral
The chefs , a mixture of about seven various Asian folks , and staffed by one Japanese man , who seemed to be the manager , were all crammed into the bar area .	chefs	neutral
Impressively efficient , at the least , but they kept pulling the hand rolls from somewhere in the depths of the bar , which was a little disconcerting .	hand rolls	neutral
Two of those were mine and , almost as soon as they were put up not even two feet from where I sat , my waiter grabbed them and brought them over , served on a heart - shaped plate with a typical amount of pickled ginger and wasabi .	waiter	neutral
First bite was the Philly , and the first thing I noticed was that the rice was warm .	Philly	neutral
First bite was the Philly , and the first thing I noticed was that the rice was warm .	rice	neutral
At least the rice was of good quality .	rice	neutral
And , as far as the other ingredients , the cucumber was fresh and the cream cheese was ample and pungent enough to be enjoyable .	cucumber	neutral
And , as far as the other ingredients , the cucumber was fresh and the cream cheese was ample and pungent enough to be enjoyable .	cream cheese	neutral
The salmon , however , had a decidedly fishy and unpleasantly aged sense to it .	salmon	neutral
So onto the Manhattan , and the first thing I notice is that the avocado is clearly past its prime .	avocado	neutral
Note to restaurants : when avocado starts getting gray , it 's time to put it on the value menu and try to find another vendor .	avocado	neutral
It tasted old to boot , and the tuna was actually a bit chewy , although not nearly as fishy as the salmon .	tuna	neutral
50 for these rolls normally and calling them sushi was a little disappointing , to say the least .	rolls	neutral
50 for these rolls normally and calling them sushi was a little disappointing , to say the least .	sushi	neutral
Like I said though , I was not expecting great sushi by any means , and I now fully understand why there are so few sushi places in the Cleveland area in the first place .	sushi	neutral
I 'm not the type to put emphasis on atmosphere or service .	atmosphere	neutral
I 'm not the type to put emphasis on atmosphere or service .	service	neutral
As long as the food is great , I 'm willing to wait an hour , deal with dirty floors , fight with pissy staff , or whatever it takes to get my delicious on .	food	neutral
As long as the food is great , I 'm willing to wait an hour , deal with dirty floors , fight with pissy staff , or whatever it takes to get my delicious on .	staff	neutral
But the atmosphere and service of this place really blew me away .	atmosphere	neutral
But the atmosphere and service of this place really blew me away .	service	neutral
But the atmosphere and service of this place really blew me away .	place	neutral
The food though , not so much ...	food	neutral
Great food and excellent service .	food	neutral
Great food and excellent service .	service	neutral
New menu and decor .	menu	neutral
New menu and decor .	decor	neutral
Family owned restaurant and you get treated like family .	restaurant	neutral
The food was delicious the calamari was perfect and the moussaka was the best I have ever tasted .	food	neutral
The food was delicious the calamari was perfect and the moussaka was the best I have ever tasted .	calamari	neutral
The food was delicious the calamari was perfect and the moussaka was the best I have ever tasted .	moussaka	neutral
We recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
What can I say about Haven , one of the best hamburgers I 've ever had .	Haven	neutral
The " Haven burger " is the bomb .	"	neutral
The " Haven burger " is the bomb .	Haven burger	neutral
Good food , good price .	food	neutral
Come check out this new spot ! ! !	spot	neutral
Got ta love the Chicken Dinner and brussel sprouts app .	Chicken Dinner	neutral
Got ta love the Chicken Dinner and brussel sprouts app .	brussel sprouts app	neutral
Great beer selection .	beer selection	neutral
Reasonable prices for drinks , snacks , souvenirs , etc .	drinks	neutral
Complete with mini jukeboxes at every booth , you can sip on a milkshake that 's been made through an olden - timey milkshake blender ... though you probably would n't want to sit here for long : the place is has " vintage charm " ( aka old tables , chairs , slightly dingy floors and walls ) .	jukeboxes	neutral
Complete with mini jukeboxes at every booth , you can sip on a milkshake that 's been made through an olden - timey milkshake blender ... though you probably would n't want to sit here for long : the place is has " vintage charm " ( aka old tables , chairs , slightly dingy floors and walls ) .	place	neutral
Complete with mini jukeboxes at every booth , you can sip on a milkshake that 's been made through an olden - timey milkshake blender ... though you probably would n't want to sit here for long : the place is has " vintage charm " ( aka old tables , chairs , slightly dingy floors and walls ) .	tables	neutral
Complete with mini jukeboxes at every booth , you can sip on a milkshake that 's been made through an olden - timey milkshake blender ... though you probably would n't want to sit here for long : the place is has " vintage charm " ( aka old tables , chairs , slightly dingy floors and walls ) .	chairs	neutral
Food is run - of - the - mill : pancakes were mediocre , nothing too fancy , but prices are low and pretty much exactly what you 'd expect of a typical diner .	Food	neutral
Food is run - of - the - mill : pancakes were mediocre , nothing too fancy , but prices are low and pretty much exactly what you 'd expect of a typical diner .	pancakes	neutral
There 's really no particular draw to this place unless you 're in the area and	place	neutral
just looking for a quick breakfast , or you 're dying to soak in some 1950 's ~vibes~ while gushing about Buff Archie .	Buff Archie	neutral
The girl that answered the phone said that the coupon was only good for a 2 item pizza .	pizza	neutral
They use fresh mushrooms instead of canned mushrooms which beats a lot of places around here ( Luckys Pizza , Rays Pizza , Grande Pizza , Fuzzy 's pizza . ) .	Rays Pizza	neutral
They use fresh mushrooms instead of canned mushrooms which beats a lot of places around here ( Luckys Pizza , Rays Pizza , Grande Pizza , Fuzzy 's pizza . ) .	Grande Pizza	neutral
a thick crust pan pizza and a thin crust pizza .	pan pizza	neutral
a thick crust pan pizza and a thin crust pizza .	thin crust pizza	neutral
The sauce was the perfect ratio to cheese , unlike Rosati 's which tends to use way too much sauce for a thin crust pizza .	sauce	neutral
The cheese was good and not too thick .	cheese	neutral
The pepperoni was the the big slices like the slicing pepperoni that Boarshead carries .	pepperoni	neutral
The Italian sausage was flavorful and not dry for being a sliced link sausage .	Italian sausage	neutral
The onion and mushrooms were fresh and tasty .	onion	neutral
The wings were good but some of them were n't tossed and covered in sauce .	wings	neutral
All in all Cousin Vinnys did a great job .	Vinnys	neutral
This location is always out of everything ; always slow as shit .	location	neutral
The managers should be fired .	managers	neutral
How can KFC be out of chicken ?	KFC	neutral
Needed to find a place that would be good and would accommodate 12 people .	place	neutral
The staff were really helpful and nice throughout the experience .	staff	neutral
I was a little worried about the quantity of food since we had 12 very hungry guys in attendance .	food	neutral
I ca n't overstate how great the food was all the way from the salad to the dessert .	food	neutral
I ca n't overstate how great the food was all the way from the salad to the dessert .	salad	neutral
I ca n't overstate how great the food was all the way from the salad to the dessert .	dessert	neutral
Started off with a 25 - 30 minute wait which seemed normal , after we got seated the server greeted and took our drink order .	wait	neutral
Started off with a 25 - 30 minute wait which seemed normal , after we got seated the server greeted and took our drink order .	server	neutral
Even though , the restaurant was super busy , I noticed the servers hustling .	servers	neutral
When we got our food , I asked my wife if the portions usually this big ?	portions	neutral
And she stated yes , the portions are generous here .	portions	neutral
The atmosphere is great , they had sports playing on their TV 's and the food is awesome .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is great , they had sports playing on their TV 's and the food is awesome .	food	neutral
Love this place !	place	neutral
Only down fall is they seem to be short staffed on waitresses when I go .	waitresses	neutral
We tend to sit on the lunge side and we usually have the same server .	server	neutral
Overall most of us stick to our usual menu choices which are the chicken fingers , the wings and some salads with a pitcher of beer .	chicken fingers	neutral
Overall most of us stick to our usual menu choices which are the chicken fingers , the wings and some salads with a pitcher of beer .	wings	neutral
The food never takes too long to come out and is always hot ! ! !	food	neutral
It is a small " Mom and Pop " kind of place .	place	neutral
The staff was on point and very friendly .	staff	neutral
We got the Philly Cheese pizza and wings .	Philly	neutral
We really wanted to try their cheesecake wrap , but did n't leave any room for dessert .	cheesecake wrap	neutral
Awesome crust , yummy !	crust	neutral
I had the chicken pest	chicken pest	neutral
Healthy alternative to pizza .	pizza	neutral
I have eaten here a few times and the food and service was good !	food	neutral
I have eaten here a few times and the food and service was good !	service	neutral
However on my last visit the service was not very good and food and drinks were also on the bad side .	service	neutral
However on my last visit the service was not very good and food and drinks were also on the bad side .	food	neutral
However on my last visit the service was not very good and food and drinks were also on the bad side .	drinks	neutral
The lemonade was flat tasted really watered down , so I asked to replace it with a soft drink and it was also tasted flat .	lemonade	neutral
The food lacked flavor and was on the cold side .	food	neutral
Maybe the staff was having a bad day but is was not a good experience .	staff	neutral
The service was fantastic .	service	neutral
Our server made good recommendations , even if we did n't order them .	server	neutral
For appetizers , we had the chicken livers and prosciutto .	chicken	neutral
Had my wife 's nail lady not recommended the livers , we would never have ordered them .	livers	neutral
The prosciutto was amazing .	prosciutto	neutral
We could eat that and the brussel sprouts and be totally content .	brussel	neutral
Entrees were the sausage pizza and the hanger steak .	sausage pizza	neutral
Entrees were the sausage pizza and the hanger steak .	hanger	neutral
I did miss the Lola fries but the side veggies were yummy .	Lola fries	neutral
I did miss the Lola fries but the side veggies were yummy .	side veggies	neutral
Our Society of Military Widows of Southern Nevada Chapter # 34 group met at this Little City Grille today , and we think it is FANTASTIC ! !	Grille	neutral
The food was outstanding , and the service was friendly and superb .	food	neutral
The food was outstanding , and the service was friendly and superb .	service	neutral
The owner spoke personally to us .	owner	neutral
I do not recommend this inconsiderate buisness .	buisness	neutral
Very attentive staff , they kept asking us if everything was ok , multiple times ... but our orders never came .	staff	neutral
Few minutes later the manager comes by and asks us if we needed anything and we are still waiting for the same order .	manager	neutral
Very attentive service and servers .	service	neutral
Very attentive service and servers .	servers	neutral
Just make sure you plan " fine dining " time for the food to come out .	food	neutral
Walking in on a saturday night at 6 pm , there was surprisingly not much of a wait .	wait	neutral
Marzen was the name if I remember correctly .	Marzen	neutral
We were seated towards the middle , with a waiter named Scott .	waiter	neutral
After looking at the large menu , we decided to start with an app , calamari .	menu	neutral
A regular red marinara , and then a different tarter lemony , mustardy sauce .	red	neutral
A regular red marinara , and then a different tarter lemony , mustardy sauce .	marinara	neutral
A regular red marinara , and then a different tarter lemony , mustardy sauce .	sauce	neutral
Never had that with calamari before .	calamari	neutral
As our meals , I ordered the lobster mac n cheese .	lobster mac	neutral
There was plenty of lobster , in small bite sized pieces .	lobster	neutral
The shrimp was delicious and a nice pair .	shrimp	neutral
The mash potatoes were full of garlic and potato skins .	mash potatoes	neutral
The garlic fries were very tasty and very well seasoned .	garlic fries	neutral
The steak on both , were cooked to perfection .	steak	neutral
The veggies were a type of medley , of zucchini and carrots .	veggies	neutral
Her mac n cheese tasted just like the kraft type , which is her favorite .	mac n cheese	neutral
French fries were medium sliced .	French fries	neutral
I actually burned my tongue on my lobster / shrimp pasta .	lobster / shrimp pasta	neutral
It took 20 minutes for our desserts , which was ridiculous .	desserts	neutral
The waiter Scoot apologized and took both desserts off our bill and said he was sorry everything took so long because the kitchen was backed up .	waiter	neutral
the customer service was outstanding and the food was very good .	customer service	neutral
the customer service was outstanding and the food was very good .	food	neutral
We asked for extra croutons on the salad and received none at all instead .	salad	neutral
Our own steaks at home !	steaks	neutral
Stone pot lunch specials are tasty and affordable .	Stone pot lunch specials	neutral
I 've tried the take out as well	take	neutral
Dishes are consistant .	Dishes	neutral
They had stopped reloading food by 8:30 and the sushi was actually dry and turning colors by 9 .	sushi	neutral
The burgers are AMAZING .	burgers	neutral
The Fries , Onion Rings and Fried Cauliflower are second to none .	Fries	neutral
The Fries , Onion Rings and Fried Cauliflower are second to none .	Onion Rings	neutral
The Fries , Onion Rings and Fried Cauliflower are second to none .	Fried Cauliflower	neutral
The atmosphere is great .	atmosphere	neutral
If you are traveling on 271 or 77 , it is well worth the little detour to hit this place .	place	neutral
They cheaped out with only 5 appetizers instead of the normal 6 , and my boyfriend could handle the kimchi spiciness which means that it was n't spicy or flavourful at all .	kimchi	neutral
The menu was n't entirely clear as to what a portion of the cheese and chicken was either .	menu	neutral
The menu was n't entirely clear as to what a portion of the cheese and chicken was either .	cheese and chicken	neutral
The burger was fine but the bun was really really soggy .	burger	neutral
The burger was fine but the bun was really really soggy .	bun	neutral
If they can figure out a way to keep the bun fresh it would be great .	bun	neutral
I have n't met , and I do n't give out five stars on my first visit to a restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
I did n't want to besmirch this place with a four star rating .	place	neutral
I knew that I was going to bestow the coveted five star rating before I even arrived for my second meal at this cute restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Scanning the menu I was heartened to see so many of the classics .	menu	neutral
Some people have been dismayed by what they claim is a limited menu .	menu	neutral
In fact , this is the rare menu where I literally want to try every item !	menu	neutral
The first visit we had the escargot , salmon and pork dishes .	escargot	neutral
The first visit we had the escargot , salmon and pork dishes .	salmon	neutral
The first visit we had the escargot , salmon and pork dishes .	pork dishes	neutral
I would slightly prefer the escargot in the shell ( think Pretty Woman ) rather than en croute	escargot	neutral
The mussels in white wine broth were yummy , the Thai snapper was moist and flavorful , and my braised veal cheeks were rich and delicious .	mussels in white wine broth	neutral
The mussels in white wine broth were yummy , the Thai snapper was moist and flavorful , and my braised veal cheeks were rich and delicious .	Thai snapper	neutral
The mussels in white wine broth were yummy , the Thai snapper was moist and flavorful , and my braised veal cheeks were rich and delicious .	braised veal cheeks	neutral
Paired with the meal was a delightful French pinot noir reasonably priced at $ 40 a bottle .	French	neutral
Paired with the meal was a delightful French pinot noir reasonably priced at $ 40 a bottle .	pinot noir	neutral
The service was great and the outside patio was very nice .	service	neutral
The service was great and the outside patio was very nice .	outside patio	neutral
I think when two people are dining , the side patio is a little more intimate than the front patio .	side patio	neutral
I think when two people are dining , the side patio is a little more intimate than the front patio .	front patio	neutral
The french music is a nice touch .	french music	neutral
What a wonderful restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
I tried the mini donuts and they had no flavor whatsoever , cinnamon sugar ?	mini donuts	neutral
I guess we must be " bar - food " people because the burgers / fries / desserts here really hit the spot .	burgers	neutral
I guess we must be " bar - food " people because the burgers / fries / desserts here really hit the spot .	fries	neutral
I guess we must be " bar - food " people because the burgers / fries / desserts here really hit the spot .	desserts	neutral
I agree with some other reviewers that the service can feel slow -- but I want to clarify that food is not slow to come out , and the service staff are very attentive .	service	neutral
I agree with some other reviewers that the service can feel slow -- but I want to clarify that food is not slow to come out , and the service staff are very attentive .	food	neutral
I agree with some other reviewers that the service can feel slow -- but I want to clarify that food is not slow to come out , and the service staff are very attentive .	service staff	neutral
Prices are not bad considering the level of service and ambiance you get from here .	service	neutral
Prices are not bad considering the level of service and ambiance you get from here .	ambiance	neutral
so I ca n't comment to service on a bustling night .	service	neutral
Everything was great and we had plenty of food .	food	neutral
Loved the carne Asada tacos and the cheese enchiladas ! ! !	carne Asada tacos	neutral
Loved the carne Asada tacos and the cheese enchiladas ! ! !	cheese enchiladas	neutral
Fair price and friendly staff .	staff	neutral
I saw server after server brigning salad , bread sticks and sauce to all of the tables while all walked past me without so much as a look .	server	neutral
and I have not seen a server or anybody for that matter who would take my drink order .	server	neutral
I went to a different Olive Garden and received superb service there .	service	neutral
Not to mention a good meal .	meal	neutral
Bartender - Terry was fantastic and great menu knowledge .	Bartender	neutral
Bartender - Terry was fantastic and great menu knowledge .	menu	neutral
The manager /Ruben also stopped by .	manager	neutral
As I ordered delivery , the only really relevant aspect of this review is for the food .	food	neutral
When I saw the delivery menu , I was slightly disappointed , as a number of the dishes that I had tried in the restaurant were not available for delivery .	dishes	neutral
In retrospect , it may be a good thing that some of the items are not available , as soupy shanhainese dumplings likely wouldn`t have fared as well in delivery .	soupy shanhainese dumplings	neutral
Our order included chicken dumplings , red bean pancakes , green onion pancakes , mu shu pork , sweet and sour fish , and apple juice	chicken dumplings	neutral
Our order included chicken dumplings , red bean pancakes , green onion pancakes , mu shu pork , sweet and sour fish , and apple juice	red	neutral
Our order included chicken dumplings , red bean pancakes , green onion pancakes , mu shu pork , sweet and sour fish , and apple juice	green onion	neutral
Our order included chicken dumplings , red bean pancakes , green onion pancakes , mu shu pork , sweet and sour fish , and apple juice	mu shu pork	neutral
Our order included chicken dumplings , red bean pancakes , green onion pancakes , mu shu pork , sweet and sour fish , and apple juice	sweet and sour fish	neutral
The chicken dumplings were moist , and the ' skin ' still surprisingly soft , definately not half bad for delivery .	chicken dumplings	neutral
The chicken dumplings were moist , and the ' skin ' still surprisingly soft , definately not half bad for delivery .	skin	neutral
I would otherwise comment on the mu shu pork and the sweet and sour fish .	mu shu pork	neutral
I would otherwise comment on the mu shu pork and the sweet and sour fish .	sweet and sour fish	neutral
The flavour and texture of the mu shu pork was true to its roots , albeit slightly oily ( which , I suppose , is also authentic ) , but the pancakes included were too few for the size of the dish and had started to dry out by the time the arrived .	mu shu pork	neutral
The flavour and texture of the mu shu pork was true to its roots , albeit slightly oily ( which , I suppose , is also authentic ) , but the pancakes included were too few for the size of the dish and had started to dry out by the time the arrived .	pancakes	neutral
So far , not bad , but the real disappointment was the sweet and sour fish .	sweet and sour fish	neutral
To be honest , I 'm not sure what the dish is supposed to taste like , but what we received was nothing close to what expected .	dish	neutral
The dish came as 2 deep fried fish filets , and a separate container filled with an obscene amount of what I would liken to bad candian - chinese restaurant lemon - chicken sauce .	candian - chinese restaurant	neutral
The dish came as 2 deep fried fish filets , and a separate container filled with an obscene amount of what I would liken to bad candian - chinese restaurant lemon - chicken sauce .	lemon - chicken sauce	neutral
but I can see the potential for a laid back hipster crowd here .	crowd	neutral
The food was decent .	food	neutral
We had the Rojas burger which everyone else seems to have ordered .	Rojas burger	neutral
The meat was juicy and well seasoned .	meat	neutral
We also got the chicken schnitzel burger which was a little too layered that ended up being a little too messy .	chicken schnitzel burger	neutral
The chicken was also a little cold .	chicken	neutral
I ended up changing my Poutine Because the friendly waitress claimed that if " the humus is not the best you 've had in your life " that it would be for free .	waitress	neutral
I ended up changing my Poutine Because the friendly waitress claimed that if " the humus is not the best you 've had in your life " that it would be for free .	humus	neutral
Seemed like a challenge to me and I assumed the chef was middle eastern to attempt such a claim .	chef	neutral
The humus did n't even taste as good as the stuff I buy from costco or metro .	humus	neutral
and I was impressed with the waitress remaining cool with me changing my mind a few times .	waitress	neutral
I would come again for the sandwich melts but definitely not for the humus .	sandwich	neutral
I would come again for the sandwich melts but definitely not for the humus .	humus	neutral
The place looks incredible .	place	neutral
Definitely has a European vibe located on Market Street , with lots of sun on their patio .	patio	neutral
I 'm really simple when it comes to these cafes .	cafes	neutral
The drip is always good with lots of blends to choose from .	drip	neutral
The drip is always good with lots of blends to choose from .	blends	neutral
I 've always really liked Balzac 's takeout cups as well -- good design .	takeout cups	neutral
Staff has always been nice and efficient with me .	Staff	neutral
I 've only been a handful of times , but I 'm sure I 'll frequent lots more this year -- hopefully with some friends so I can stick around and enjoy the views !	views	neutral
Waffles : amazing ! ! ! !	Waffles	neutral
Their gluten free menu is extensive and you do n't have to compromise on flavour at all .	gluten	neutral
I added a sausage and gf toast and was pleasantly surprised by the home - made jam .	sausage	neutral
I added a sausage and gf toast and was pleasantly surprised by the home - made jam .	jam	neutral
The new owners have really kicked this place up a notch and I ca n't wait to try the dinner menu ( and the breakfast poutine ! ) .	dinner menu	neutral
The new owners have really kicked this place up a notch and I ca n't wait to try the dinner menu ( and the breakfast poutine ! ) .	breakfast poutine	neutral
Staff was super pleasant - overall a great brunch	Staff	neutral
For cheap sushi , you ca n't go wrong .	sushi	neutral
I think ND Sushi Grill near Eglinton & Laird is much MUCH better ( authentic Japanese food , try their $ 80 11-course omakase chef 's choice menu ! ! )	Sushi Grill	neutral
I think ND Sushi Grill near Eglinton & Laird is much MUCH better ( authentic Japanese food , try their $ 80 11-course omakase chef 's choice menu ! ! )	omakase chef	neutral
Canada 's largest drafted beer selection , 150 + beers on tap .	beer selection	neutral
Our waiter was very pumped up and excited about explaining to us how the placed worked and explaining different beers .	waiter	neutral
Our waiter was very pumped up and excited about explaining to us how the placed worked and explaining different beers .	placed	neutral
Not sure which beer to try ? ; buy a sampler tray for 13 $ or so and get 6 - 5 oz Beers .	sampler tray	neutral
Not sure which beer to try ? ; buy a sampler tray for 13 $ or so and get 6 - 5 oz Beers .	Beers	neutral
The pizza came out hot and delicious .	pizza	neutral
Wally 's has great food and drink served by super friendly people in a family friendly enviroment .	food	neutral
Wally 's has great food and drink served by super friendly people in a family friendly enviroment .	drink	neutral
Wally 's has great food and drink served by super friendly people in a family friendly enviroment .	people	neutral
Wally 's has great food and drink served by super friendly people in a family friendly enviroment .	enviroment	neutral
Wally 's is the Best casual dining experience in the Valley .	Wally 's	neutral
You really ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu but for lunch I recommend the smoked turkey sandwich or fish and chips .	smoked turkey sandwich	neutral
You really ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu but for lunch I recommend the smoked turkey sandwich or fish and chips .	fish and chips	neutral
For those of you that like burgers , the Wally burger is great .	Wally burger	neutral
For dinner the chicken parmesan is outstanding .	chicken parmesan	neutral
I also really like their chicken marcello .	chicken marcello	neutral
Its a small neighborhood diner in cleveland .	diner	neutral
When we came it was super busy and the service was n't that great .	service	neutral
The people who worked here were nice and all but service was lacking .	service	neutral
The food was good .	food	neutral
My mom got the corned beef hash , husband got french toast	corned beef hash	neutral
My mom got the corned beef hash , husband got french toast	french toast	neutral
and I got the corned beef sandwich .	corned beef sandwich	neutral
Sandwich was kind of greasy .. but good and fresh !	Sandwich	neutral
Overall we enjoyed our meal .	meal	neutral
The good food , large menu , friendly workers make up for the slow service and refills .	food	neutral
The good food , large menu , friendly workers make up for the slow service and refills .	menu	neutral
The good food , large menu , friendly workers make up for the slow service and refills .	workers	neutral
The good food , large menu , friendly workers make up for the slow service and refills .	service	neutral
Sushi bar is closed now 3 - 5 - 18 .	Sushi bar	neutral
First time here , but 3 very tasty rolls .	rolls	neutral
Vampire was spicy with tasty crab , Touchdown roll was hot and delicious , and Fat Boy was deep fried goodness .	Vampire	neutral
Vampire was spicy with tasty crab , Touchdown roll was hot and delicious , and Fat Boy was deep fried goodness .	crab	neutral
Vampire was spicy with tasty crab , Touchdown roll was hot and delicious , and Fat Boy was deep fried goodness .	Touchdown roll	neutral
Vampire was spicy with tasty crab , Touchdown roll was hot and delicious , and Fat Boy was deep fried goodness .	Fat Boy	neutral
Service was okay , but it was a quiet Monday night , and we had the place to ourselves	Service	neutral
The burgers are tasty !	burgers	neutral
The portions are good for the price .	portions	neutral
My favorite is the Kalibi burger .	Kalibi burger	neutral
Great Guacamole , made table - side ! !	Guacamole	neutral
Staff is always efficient and friendly .	Staff	neutral
Disappointed they removed shrimp and mushroom quesadillas from menu	shrimp and mushroom quesadillas	neutral
I love everything about this place .	place	neutral
The atmosphere , d辿cor , the patio !	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere , d辿cor , the patio !	d辿cor	neutral
The atmosphere , d辿cor , the patio !	patio	neutral
In fact , once on the patio I did n't even feel like I was in the middle of busy restaurant parking lot .	patio	neutral
so we chose the patio .	patio	neutral
Off the appetizer menu we ordered the chicken quesadillas and avocado egg rolls .	chicken	neutral
Basic bar food but no complaints about taste or portion size .	bar food	neutral
Basic bar food but no complaints about taste or portion size .	portion	neutral
I wish the tables outside were a little bigger .	tables	neutral
We felt cramped eating having to use the small round table and a couple chairs to hold the times .	round table	neutral
Not sure why the waitress did n't offer to move another small table for us since it was empty on the patio minus one other group of diners .	waitress	neutral
Great food and knowleable servers .	food	neutral
Great food and knowleable servers .	servers	neutral
I am certain that my review would be 1 star lower if we had gone anytime after 5 pm as the place easily gets quite loud and the service is n't the quickest .	place	neutral
I am certain that my review would be 1 star lower if we had gone anytime after 5 pm as the place easily gets quite loud and the service is n't the quickest .	service	neutral
Shoestring fries ? ?	fries	neutral
We were a larger group and I. Ca n't speak entirely to how I felt about the price to portion / quality ratio as I our boss grabbed the bill however it was just above average in terms of pricing with some burgers being laughably overpriced .	portion	neutral
We were a larger group and I. Ca n't speak entirely to how I felt about the price to portion / quality ratio as I our boss grabbed the bill however it was just above average in terms of pricing with some burgers being laughably overpriced .	burgers	neutral
Our service was great and they honored my one free shot upon Yelp check in so props for that early afternoon Jameson .	service	neutral
I tried some of the blue cheese burger as well as the goat cheese and I would only reorder the latter .	blue cheese burger	neutral
I tried some of the blue cheese burger as well as the goat cheese and I would only reorder the latter .	goat cheese	neutral
Most people at the table enjoyed their meals however there were 2 people who 's stomachs did n't serve them very well that afternoon .	meals	neutral
I can certainly see myself going back for a meal with 3 girlfriends and grabbing a bite however their overpriced cocktails are more hipster than balanced and functional which is a pet peeve as an ex bartender .	cocktails	neutral
Their decor was great and staff were well informed but overall the place is n't worth much of the hype .	decor	neutral
Their decor was great and staff were well informed but overall the place is n't worth much of the hype .	staff	neutral
Their decor was great and staff were well informed but overall the place is n't worth much of the hype .	place	neutral
Inexperienced service , over an hour waiting for our food .	service	neutral
The food was ok nothing worth talking about especially for that price .	food	neutral
The food for one of my friends was incorrect and they had the nerve to blame us .	food	neutral
Fabulous food & service .	food	neutral
Fabulous food & service .	service	neutral
Highly recommend this place .	place	neutral
I used to frequent this place many years ago when they would have live reggae ... back then the atmosphere was AMAZING & SO diverse ..	atmosphere	neutral
it was really cool to see all these different types of people gathering at this place !	place	neutral
everything changed ... now i know that things ca n't stay the same forever but honestly this was a change for the worst ... they got rid of Reggae night the bartenders are rude & Condescending	Reggae	neutral
everything changed ... now i know that things ca n't stay the same forever but honestly this was a change for the worst ... they got rid of Reggae night the bartenders are rude & Condescending	bartenders	neutral
And the food coma got them fired .	food	neutral
Chicken that could drowned a baby with it 's juiciness !	Chicken	neutral
Red beans , rice and gravy that made my heart beg for mercy after my blood pressure shot up to like , a million over eight hundred thousand ... in a good way though .	rice	neutral
Red beans , rice and gravy that made my heart beg for mercy after my blood pressure shot up to like , a million over eight hundred thousand ... in a good way though .	gravy	neutral
If you 've ever gotten the meat sweats , it 's a similar feeling .	meat sweats	neutral
Excellent , fresh salads and made from scratch breads and beautiful huge sandwiches combine with a locally owned restaurant with friendly , down to earth service !	salads	neutral
Excellent , fresh salads and made from scratch breads and beautiful huge sandwiches combine with a locally owned restaurant with friendly , down to earth service !	breads	neutral
Excellent , fresh salads and made from scratch breads and beautiful huge sandwiches combine with a locally owned restaurant with friendly , down to earth service !	sandwiches	neutral
Excellent , fresh salads and made from scratch breads and beautiful huge sandwiches combine with a locally owned restaurant with friendly , down to earth service !	restaurant	neutral
Excellent , fresh salads and made from scratch breads and beautiful huge sandwiches combine with a locally owned restaurant with friendly , down to earth service !	service	neutral
It 's a wonderful little corner of paradise with a great patio .	patio	neutral
We love this place .	place	neutral
The chips are the absolute BEST , i ca nt explain it .	chips	neutral
Portions are big , food is awesome .	Portions	neutral
Portions are big , food is awesome .	food	neutral
Margaritas are pretty cheap , like $ 2 .	Margaritas	neutral
I think , and they DONT SKIMP on the tequila .	tequila	neutral
Love this place .	place	neutral
Excellent service , and extremely friendly staff .	service	neutral
Excellent service , and extremely friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Definitely a place i 'd go back to .	place	neutral
The only reason I did n't give a 5-star was the fact that pizza was n't on the menu for lunch .	pizza	neutral
The food was top - notch and satisfying .	food	neutral
Taco Guild is awesome , as always .	Taco Guild	neutral
I do n't post new reviews every time I go there , but I did want to add a new review to mention one of their new tacos , the Ono Taco .	tacos	neutral
The menu describes it thusly :	menu	neutral
" Tropical Ono menonita cheese , roasted - tomato salsa , coconut slaw , mango , tomato , cilantro .	roasted	neutral
" Tropical Ono menonita cheese , roasted - tomato salsa , coconut slaw , mango , tomato , cilantro .	coconut slaw	neutral
I found it to be a pleasant , fresh - tasting fish .	fish	neutral
The taco featured a heavy amount of coconut slaw ; I 'm not a fan of coconut shreds in food , but I really enjoyed this slaw !	taco	neutral
The taco featured a heavy amount of coconut slaw ; I 'm not a fan of coconut shreds in food , but I really enjoyed this slaw !	slaw	neutral
I could n't really taste the cheese , but the mango and tomato complemented things nicely .	mango and tomato	neutral
I 'm not sure if I would get this taco again because it 's not up to the level of my favorites of lamb and duck , but it 's still good .	taco	neutral
I 'm not sure if I would get this taco again because it 's not up to the level of my favorites of lamb and duck , but it 's still good .	lamb	neutral
I 'm not sure if I would get this taco again because it 's not up to the level of my favorites of lamb and duck , but it 's still good .	duck	neutral
Me and two buddies went because we heard about the $ 5 all you can drink beer during the game with nickel drafts during half time and free shots every touch down .	all you can drink beer	neutral
The free beer is either Busch or Busch lite , I went with the light and it was just fine .	free beer	neutral
We sat down and ordered $ 1 worth of tacos each and that hit the spot .	tacos	neutral
The tacos were only 25 cents each and they were big and delicious .	tacos	neutral
The waitresses and bartenders are pretty friendly and fast .	waitresses	neutral
The waitresses and bartenders are pretty friendly and fast .	bartenders	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
The food is excellent .	food	neutral
Service is good .	Service	neutral
The restaurant itself is kinda small .	restaurant	neutral
I recommend this place .	place	neutral
royal meats has an interesting setup .	royal meats	neutral
, that contains the various meat	meat	neutral
everything from shish kabobs , chicken breasts , sausages , regular sized burgers , and the previously mentioned 1 pound burger patty .	shish kabobs	neutral
everything from shish kabobs , chicken breasts , sausages , regular sized burgers , and the previously mentioned 1 pound burger patty .	chicken breasts	neutral
everything from shish kabobs , chicken breasts , sausages , regular sized burgers , and the previously mentioned 1 pound burger patty .	sausages	neutral
everything from shish kabobs , chicken breasts , sausages , regular sized burgers , and the previously mentioned 1 pound burger patty .	burgers	neutral
everything from shish kabobs , chicken breasts , sausages , regular sized burgers , and the previously mentioned 1 pound burger patty .	burger patty	neutral
it allows customers to clearly see the quality of the meat .	meat	neutral
but in my opinion , a good burger should be simple , and not have all this other / random toppings that drown out what the star of the burger should be .... the meat .	burger	neutral
but in my opinion , a good burger should be simple , and not have all this other / random toppings that drown out what the star of the burger should be .... the meat .	toppings	neutral
but in my opinion , a good burger should be simple , and not have all this other / random toppings that drown out what the star of the burger should be .... the meat .	meat	neutral
so for me , lettuce , tomato , onion is good for me .	lettuce	neutral
so for me , lettuce , tomato , onion is good for me .	tomato	neutral
i had ordered the regular burger , and was not blown away ... but thought to myself ' ok ... this is a good burger .	burger	neutral
i have a feeling that the patty consisted of beef and a little pork which gave it a nice flavour , but i like i said , it was a good serviceable 13 dollar burger ( with the combo ) .	patty	neutral
there are better burgers in the city ...	burgers	neutral
but if you happen to be in the area , and do n't want to eat an IKEA hot dog , check out royal meats .	royal meats	neutral
The interior is bustling with life , with a Jamaican - Thai feel .	interior	neutral
The service here was exceptional .	service	neutral
All the servers here were super down to earth and catered to my needs before I even realized my needs myself .	servers	neutral
The beef noodle soup was SOOOO good and so flavourful .	beef noodle soup	neutral
I 'm probably not well - versed enough in the world of Thai food to be a dependable critic , but the soup tasted more than just salt and broth .	soup	neutral
It was delicious , and the beef was very tender .	beef	neutral
Also the portions were great for the price .	portions	neutral
I split the noodle soup and pad thai with my cousin and we hardly put a dent in the pad thai because we tried to finish all the delicious soup while it was still fresh .	pad thai	neutral
The hotel is amazing .	hotel	neutral
The booking staff / agents that Maritz Rewards provided were wonderful and accommodating .	booking staff	neutral
Hotel / resort appearance :	Hotel	neutral
This resort is beautiful .	resort	neutral
The room was immaculate , and the cleaning staff was very understanding with our late nights and throwing off their cleaning schedule .	room	neutral
The room was immaculate , and the cleaning staff was very understanding with our late nights and throwing off their cleaning schedule .	cleaning staff	neutral
The amenities were amazing , and every food choice was outstanding from the wicked spoon to secret pizza .	food	neutral
The amenities were amazing , and every food choice was outstanding from the wicked spoon to secret pizza .	wicked spoon	neutral
The amenities were amazing , and every food choice was outstanding from the wicked spoon to secret pizza .	secret pizza	neutral
Casino : 2 stars	Casino	neutral
The staff at the casino was not very accommodating and the floor coverage was non - existent .	staff	neutral
The staff at the casino was not very accommodating and the floor coverage was non - existent .	floor coverage	neutral
Floor Drink Service :	Floor Drink Service	neutral
The drink staff was very rude , slow ( 30 - 45 minutes per order ) and expected tips every time I ordered non - alcoholic beverages .	drink staff	neutral
I simply will not tip for every drink you bring me that is a soft beverage that takes 30 - 40 minutes to arrive .	drink	neutral
I simply will not tip for every drink you bring me that is a soft beverage that takes 30 - 40 minutes to arrive .	beverage	neutral
No excuse for the attitude , and unprofessional behavior of the staff .	staff	neutral
The milkshake order was incorrect , ordered chocolate , brought back a strawberry shake .	milkshake	neutral
I then had to go to the hostess because our waiter was flatly ignoring us .	waiter	neutral
They did finally fix our milkshake order , and prepped it to go .... we no longer were willing to wait any further for food since it took over 50 minutes for our waiter to come back to the table .	waiter	neutral
Security staff : 5 stars	Security staff	neutral
I did not notice one incident of any issues with unruly patrons , security staff is very well trained to keep the undesirable element at bay .	patrons	neutral
I did not notice one incident of any issues with unruly patrons , security staff is very well trained to keep the undesirable element at bay .	security staff	neutral
Rocket Burger is totally out of this world !	Rocket Burger	neutral
This place blasted into my universe about a year ago	place	neutral
Rocket has arguably the best burger in Universe !	burger	neutral
Steve and Denis , the owners , are both really nice guys .	Steve	neutral
Steve and Denis , the owners , are both really nice guys .	Denis	neutral
I 'm telling you this place is seriously really great .	place	neutral
I always go with a bacon double cheeseburger , with pickles , onions , jalapenos , and man	bacon double cheeseburger	neutral
I also recommend getting a side of their ranch for your fries .	ranch	neutral
I also recommend getting a side of their ranch for your fries .	fries	neutral
It 's T minus 10 and counting until I get in my car and blast off to Rocket Burger and Subs .	Rocket Burger	neutral
It 's T minus 10 and counting until I get in my car and blast off to Rocket Burger and Subs .	Subs	neutral
I 'm sure the burger and fries will have another great landing in my belly .	burger	neutral
I 'm sure the burger and fries will have another great landing in my belly .	fries	neutral
Worst service ever - walked in at the airport and was told to wait .... took forever to get even the server to come to our table	service	neutral
Worst service ever - walked in at the airport and was told to wait .... took forever to get even the server to come to our table	server	neutral
I do n't know how the food tasted because we would have missed our flight after waiting 15 mins just to order - horrible service ... ,	food	neutral
I do n't know how the food tasted because we would have missed our flight after waiting 15 mins just to order - horrible service ... ,	service	neutral
I did not realize Vegas had such a great Thai place .	Thai place	neutral
We ordered Tom Yum Goong and Special House soup , Thai chicken with basil leaf , chicken fried rice and Chicken Chow Mein with Fish Cake .	Thai chicken with basil leaf	neutral
Ordered the Cheetah Rita after server promised it was made with lime juice not mix .	Cheetah Rita	neutral
Ordered the Cheetah Rita after server promised it was made with lime juice not mix .	server	neutral
Burgers were very good and fries were very very good .	Burgers	neutral
Burgers were very good and fries were very very good .	fries	neutral
Yesterday we had burgers at KGB which were not as good at all .	burgers	neutral
Not cheap but ambiance adds to their overhead .	ambiance	neutral
A great place to take kids and those who have never been to Rainforest Cafe ,	Rainforest Cafe	neutral
So many of my friends bragged about this place .	place	neutral
And the customer service was horrible .	customer service	neutral
I got margarita pizza .	margarita pizza	neutral
And my fianc辿 for the black pasta dish .	black pasta dish	neutral
The place is nice .	place	neutral
Nice decor .	decor	neutral
This place is an absolute JOKE !	place	neutral
We could n't tell the difference between 2 soup and both soup base was diluted .	soup base	neutral
The waiter even said ... " cooked is better than uncooked .. safer hehe " ..	waiter	neutral
I guess they do n't have " fresh " bean sprouts to provide .	bean	neutral
Number ONE worst Vietnamese restaurant in my opinion .	Vietnamese restaurant	neutral
The cupping was fascinating , and we really learned how to properly taste good coffee .	cupping	neutral
The cupping was fascinating , and we really learned how to properly taste good coffee .	coffee	neutral
The Guatemalan coffee that they served was incredible .	Guatemalan coffee	neutral
From their hummus ( the jalapeno - cilantro one is my fav ) , to the chicken pasta ( my wife 's fav ) to the falafel or gyro 's ...	hummus	neutral
From their hummus ( the jalapeno - cilantro one is my fav ) , to the chicken pasta ( my wife 's fav ) to the falafel or gyro 's ...	jalapeno - cilantro	neutral
From their hummus ( the jalapeno - cilantro one is my fav ) , to the chicken pasta ( my wife 's fav ) to the falafel or gyro 's ...	chicken pasta	neutral
From their hummus ( the jalapeno - cilantro one is my fav ) , to the chicken pasta ( my wife 's fav ) to the falafel or gyro 's ...	falafel	neutral
From their hummus ( the jalapeno - cilantro one is my fav ) , to the chicken pasta ( my wife 's fav ) to the falafel or gyro 's ...	gyro 's	neutral
Great service , chill atmosphere , decent prices and ... the food ....	service	neutral
Great service , chill atmosphere , decent prices and ... the food ....	atmosphere	neutral
Great service , chill atmosphere , decent prices and ... the food ....	food	neutral
I like the diverse crowd too ...	crowd	neutral
Nothing worse than feeling out of place , and this place , does nt do that at all .	place	neutral
Foods are good .	Foods	neutral
Their ramen is kind of strange with the poke grilled separately ?	ramen	neutral
Their ramen is kind of strange with the poke grilled separately ?	poke	neutral
and the meats are blacken ?	meats	neutral
Yellow Tail was average , but everything else was good .	Yellow Tail	neutral
Service is excellent .	Service	neutral
The service was beyond excellent !	service	neutral
Our server was very accommodating , and the manager even checked on us to make sure we enjoyed everything .	server	neutral
Our server was very accommodating , and the manager even checked on us to make sure we enjoyed everything .	manager	neutral
Sweet corn was very creamy and delicious .	Sweet corn	neutral
Truly the best Cajun food I have ever had .	Cajun food	neutral
You will do a happy dance after you have tried they 're food .	food	neutral
I was absolutely embarrassed as I was trying to explain that I could hold my dog and that my service dog was still doing it 's job .	service	neutral
Our waiter Curtis was amazing !	waiter	neutral
Our waiter Curtis was amazing !	Curtis	neutral
Great service , quiet atmosphere and the food portions were amazing ! ! !	service	neutral
Great service , quiet atmosphere and the food portions were amazing ! ! !	atmosphere	neutral
Great service , quiet atmosphere and the food portions were amazing ! ! !	food portions	neutral
would definitely recommend this place ! ! ! !	place	neutral
Came into Phoenix for training and immediately did a search for the best place for wings and this place was listed as # 2 ....	wings	neutral
I believe it should have been # 1 .. the wings were very very good ! ! !	wings	neutral
I got medium as the waitress / bartender said that the sauces run a little hot ...	sauces	neutral
My friends ordered the chicken tacos and they were impressed ...	chicken tacos	neutral
My only criticisms would be that they did n't have moscato wine , the place is rather small and the service was a little slow but this is understandable because it was packed ...	service	neutral
the music was also very good ..	music	neutral
Outstanding meat department .	meat department	neutral
Staff is very knowledgeable and friendly .	Staff	neutral
The best beef tenderloin in the Madison area .	beef tenderloin	neutral
This was my first time having puffy tacos	puffy tacos	neutral
I had the carne asada which was super moist and had great flavor .	carne asada	neutral
The beans were really good , not dry at all .	beans	neutral
The rice had just the right amount of spice .	rice	neutral
The plate comes with a container of salsa and guacamole which were both great .	salsa	neutral
The plate comes with a container of salsa and guacamole which were both great .	guacamole	neutral
There is plenty of parking and there are tables and chairs to enjoy your meal .	meal	neutral
We will definitely be back to try the other dishes .	dishes	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
Cool place .	place	neutral
Friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Delicious food .	food	neutral
Terrible service , terrible food .	service	neutral
Terrible service , terrible food .	food	neutral
The bartender thinks he is awesome but will yell at you for not tipping him enough .	bartender	neutral
The waitress ended her shift by getting wasted at the bar and screaming at customers .	waitress	neutral
hair was a mess .	hair	neutral
Then the rice I ordered of course came in the little cardboard boxes .	rice	neutral
Next time if I want to spend $ 50 on 4 items , I 'll go next door to Zellas and order 10 pizzas !	Zellas	neutral
Got a pepperoni and sausage pizza .	pepperoni and sausage pizza	neutral
The pepperonis were big and pizza was thin .	pepperonis	neutral
The pepperonis were big and pizza was thin .	pizza	neutral
Flavor was really good especially when it was piping hot .	Flavor	neutral
Service was excellent !	Service	neutral
But the menu was kinda busy too much fusion food for my particular taste on the menu , kinda got turned away from some of the food on the menu .	menu	neutral
The menu prices to me were kinda pricey for the type of food .	menu	neutral
The menu prices to me were kinda pricey for the type of food .	food	neutral
I would n't come back too quickly , there is better food in downtown summerlin then this place	food	neutral
the man on the phone said I get what I get they ca n't make the bacon crispy .	bacon	neutral
Very poor customer service .	customer service	neutral
They also have better service than a few other local bakeries .	service	neutral
The cupcakes are great , cookies are amazing and they make a mean almond torte cake .	cupcakes	neutral
The cupcakes are great , cookies are amazing and they make a mean almond torte cake .	cookies	neutral
The cupcakes are great , cookies are amazing and they make a mean almond torte cake .	almond torte cake	neutral
Great bakery , lots of choices and nice people makes for a great experience !	bakery	neutral
Great bakery , lots of choices and nice people makes for a great experience !	people	neutral
Place is way overpriced , food is mediocre !	Place	neutral
Place is way overpriced , food is mediocre !	food	neutral
There are alot better pizza joints in H enderson , and this is not one of them !	pizza	neutral
We are huge fans of Nikai .	Nikai	neutral
the brunch was fabulous .	brunch	neutral
Service excellent food mediocre .	Service	neutral
Service excellent food mediocre .	food	neutral
I 've been to this location at least once a month for years sometimes more and there is no consistency to the meals .	meals	neutral
Sometimes the bread sticks are perfect sometimes they are over done my point is this a chain restaurant	bread sticks	neutral
and I should n't have to be concerned about the food and a every visit basis this used to be the place my family	place	neutral
Now our server last night was amazing	server	neutral
she made the borderline food more tolerable	food	neutral
Had the best steak everrrrr ...	steak	neutral
Fillet Mignon Merlot was great ! ! !	Fillet Mignon Merlot	neutral
And the view of the Bellagio fountain was also nice .	view of the	neutral
And the view of the Bellagio fountain was also nice .	Bellagio fountain	neutral
but if you think of the food quality and ambience , it 's really pretty reasonable :)	food	neutral
but if you think of the food quality and ambience , it 's really pretty reasonable :)	ambience	neutral
The food is a bit expensive	food	neutral
They have the funnest beer challenge .	beer	neutral
Choose from pabst , corona light or one other that I ca n't remember .	corona light	neutral
Plus , check in here and get a free corona light .	corona light	neutral
Thirdly , their Bloody Mary 's are unlike anything you 've ever seen .	Bloody Mary 's	neutral
You can get cheeseburger sliders as one of your toppings .	cheeseburger sliders	neutral
The bartender Matt is such a sweetheart .	bartender	neutral
The bartender Matt is such a sweetheart .	Matt	neutral
Always order the caramel latte and its always great !	caramel latte	neutral
Items are good and tasty .	Items	neutral
Especially chilli chicken is tasty , staff are friendly .	chilli chicken	neutral
Especially chilli chicken is tasty , staff are friendly .	staff	neutral
I ordered white rice with Chilli Chicken , lamb curry , chick pea curry for $ 9 . 62 .	lamb curry	neutral
I ordered white rice with Chilli Chicken , lamb curry , chick pea curry for $ 9 . 62 .	chick pea curry	neutral
Lamb curry pieces are smooth but taste is just ok ,	Lamb curry pieces	neutral
Lamb curry pieces are smooth but taste is just ok ,	taste	neutral
chick pea curry is good and chilli chicken is awesome .	chick pea curry	neutral
chick pea curry is good and chilli chicken is awesome .	chilli chicken	neutral
Rice is basmati rice .	Rice	neutral
The line was out the door , but it moved fast and the short wait was worth it .	wait	neutral
The ice cream here is fantastic and filled with local ingredients .	ice cream	neutral
Last night the prime rib was so seasoned , tender and delicious ...	prime rib	neutral
The best prime rib in town !	prime rib	neutral
The atmosphere is very nostalgic and cool .	atmosphere	neutral
They are very organized and the service was great from Lonnie .	service	neutral
The garlic mashed potatoes were my treat .	garlic mashed potatoes	neutral
The tacos were flame warmed flour tortillas .	tacos	neutral
The tacos as a whole were not very good .	tacos	neutral
The mix of flavors was odd and the aioli tasted like straight mayo on a pork taco .	aioli	neutral
The atmosphere and set up of Bomba was my style .	atmosphere	neutral
Service from Sabina the bartender was perfect .	Service	neutral
Service from Sabina the bartender was perfect .	Sabina	neutral
I will come back for the service , drinks , atmosphere , and possibly a second chance on the tacos .	service	neutral
I will come back for the service , drinks , atmosphere , and possibly a second chance on the tacos .	tacos	neutral
The gentleman working there made a greater impression on me than even the outstanding pastries did .	pastries	neutral
And man , I loved that little cake .	cake	neutral
We both had the ' surprise ' 7-course tasting menu - the part that was interesting was that the courses are not listed - it is geared to be a surprise , one plate after another .	tasting menu	neutral
We started off with a crispy breadstick , wrapped with prosciutto - there was some type of a creamy sauce at the base of the dish , and the whole bite was absolutely delicious !	breadstick	neutral
; we then had a sea urchin cream , set on some crushed ice in a bowl - this was foamy , creamy , and yummy ( I loved the presentation ) ; we then had a watercress soup ( the hubs was a fan of this , but I was n't ; the color was beautiful , but I was n't a fan of watercress in a liquid form ) ; a flaky fish with some pickled root vegetables ; foie gras with pears and a maple glaze - a little too sweet for my taste ; Quebecois lamb ( I was pleasantly surprised at how non - game - y it was , but it was juicy , moist , and one of the best lamb meat I 've had ; I just wished it was cooked a little longer , as it was a bit too rare for me ) ; a nice grilled and BBQ - ed squab legs ( also from the Quebec region , this was not game - y at all , but a little underdone ; I absolutely loved the BBQ - version , as that was finger - licking good ! ) ; a take on an arancini , but in a dessert form ( this was interesting , as it was made with rice pudding ; I enjoyed the dollops of the lemon curd ) ; a semi - soft cow 's cheese ( this was definitely stinky , but it was pretty delicious ; served with a side of housemade ricotta ) ; a marzipan - like dessert dish ( but a bit too heavy for my taste ) ; and , some housemade chocolate / miso bites at the end .	sea	neutral
; we then had a sea urchin cream , set on some crushed ice in a bowl - this was foamy , creamy , and yummy ( I loved the presentation ) ; we then had a watercress soup ( the hubs was a fan of this , but I was n't ; the color was beautiful , but I was n't a fan of watercress in a liquid form ) ; a flaky fish with some pickled root vegetables ; foie gras with pears and a maple glaze - a little too sweet for my taste ; Quebecois lamb ( I was pleasantly surprised at how non - game - y it was , but it was juicy , moist , and one of the best lamb meat I 've had ; I just wished it was cooked a little longer , as it was a bit too rare for me ) ; a nice grilled and BBQ - ed squab legs ( also from the Quebec region , this was not game - y at all , but a little underdone ; I absolutely loved the BBQ - version , as that was finger - licking good ! ) ; a take on an arancini , but in a dessert form ( this was interesting , as it was made with rice pudding ; I enjoyed the dollops of the lemon curd ) ; a semi - soft cow 's cheese ( this was definitely stinky , but it was pretty delicious ; served with a side of housemade ricotta ) ; a marzipan - like dessert dish ( but a bit too heavy for my taste ) ; and , some housemade chocolate / miso bites at the end .	soup	neutral
; we then had a sea urchin cream , set on some crushed ice in a bowl - this was foamy , creamy , and yummy ( I loved the presentation ) ; we then had a watercress soup ( the hubs was a fan of this , but I was n't ; the color was beautiful , but I was n't a fan of watercress in a liquid form ) ; a flaky fish with some pickled root vegetables ; foie gras with pears and a maple glaze - a little too sweet for my taste ; Quebecois lamb ( I was pleasantly surprised at how non - game - y it was , but it was juicy , moist , and one of the best lamb meat I 've had ; I just wished it was cooked a little longer , as it was a bit too rare for me ) ; a nice grilled and BBQ - ed squab legs ( also from the Quebec region , this was not game - y at all , but a little underdone ; I absolutely loved the BBQ - version , as that was finger - licking good ! ) ; a take on an arancini , but in a dessert form ( this was interesting , as it was made with rice pudding ; I enjoyed the dollops of the lemon curd ) ; a semi - soft cow 's cheese ( this was definitely stinky , but it was pretty delicious ; served with a side of housemade ricotta ) ; a marzipan - like dessert dish ( but a bit too heavy for my taste ) ; and , some housemade chocolate / miso bites at the end .	lemon curd	neutral
; we then had a sea urchin cream , set on some crushed ice in a bowl - this was foamy , creamy , and yummy ( I loved the presentation ) ; we then had a watercress soup ( the hubs was a fan of this , but I was n't ; the color was beautiful , but I was n't a fan of watercress in a liquid form ) ; a flaky fish with some pickled root vegetables ; foie gras with pears and a maple glaze - a little too sweet for my taste ; Quebecois lamb ( I was pleasantly surprised at how non - game - y it was , but it was juicy , moist , and one of the best lamb meat I 've had ; I just wished it was cooked a little longer , as it was a bit too rare for me ) ; a nice grilled and BBQ - ed squab legs ( also from the Quebec region , this was not game - y at all , but a little underdone ; I absolutely loved the BBQ - version , as that was finger - licking good ! ) ; a take on an arancini , but in a dessert form ( this was interesting , as it was made with rice pudding ; I enjoyed the dollops of the lemon curd ) ; a semi - soft cow 's cheese ( this was definitely stinky , but it was pretty delicious ; served with a side of housemade ricotta ) ; a marzipan - like dessert dish ( but a bit too heavy for my taste ) ; and , some housemade chocolate / miso bites at the end .	cow	neutral
; we then had a sea urchin cream , set on some crushed ice in a bowl - this was foamy , creamy , and yummy ( I loved the presentation ) ; we then had a watercress soup ( the hubs was a fan of this , but I was n't ; the color was beautiful , but I was n't a fan of watercress in a liquid form ) ; a flaky fish with some pickled root vegetables ; foie gras with pears and a maple glaze - a little too sweet for my taste ; Quebecois lamb ( I was pleasantly surprised at how non - game - y it was , but it was juicy , moist , and one of the best lamb meat I 've had ; I just wished it was cooked a little longer , as it was a bit too rare for me ) ; a nice grilled and BBQ - ed squab legs ( also from the Quebec region , this was not game - y at all , but a little underdone ; I absolutely loved the BBQ - version , as that was finger - licking good ! ) ; a take on an arancini , but in a dessert form ( this was interesting , as it was made with rice pudding ; I enjoyed the dollops of the lemon curd ) ; a semi - soft cow 's cheese ( this was definitely stinky , but it was pretty delicious ; served with a side of housemade ricotta ) ; a marzipan - like dessert dish ( but a bit too heavy for my taste ) ; and , some housemade chocolate / miso bites at the end .	dessert dish	neutral
Our server , Jonathan , was attentive and was efficient - he recommended a great non - alcoholic ginger mocktail for us , and it was refreshing and fizzy -	server	neutral
Our server , Jonathan , was attentive and was efficient - he recommended a great non - alcoholic ginger mocktail for us , and it was refreshing and fizzy -	Jonathan	neutral
Alex and Simon were also servers who were fantastic and had a great sense of humor .	Alex	neutral
Alex and Simon were also servers who were fantastic and had a great sense of humor .	Simon	neutral
We enjoyed our meal , and I highly recommend in coming here for a special occasion .	meal	neutral
Have lived in cleveland my whole like , driving down state road forever , never even saw this place until googling breakfast place cleveland , and up popped Cafe Miami .	Cafe Miami	neutral
The best pancakes ever , and the home fries the same ! !	pancakes	neutral
The best pancakes ever , and the home fries the same ! !	home fries	neutral
59 all american breakfast .	all	neutral
59 all american breakfast .	breakfast	neutral
The atmosphere was casual and relaxed .	atmosphere	neutral
We had a vegetarian combination dish , and it was excellent .	vegetarian combination dish	neutral
What was unique about this restaurant , though , was the exceptionally friendly and attentive service .	service	neutral
When the waitress asked how everything was , she seemed to really want to know .	waitress	neutral
so I 'm very picky about my seafood .	seafood	neutral
This place is good -	place	neutral
I think it 's a good place to go for a drink and some oysters	place	neutral
but I was n't a fan of the tiny menu .	menu	neutral
Good selection of oysters , the staff were knowledgeable .	oysters	neutral
Good selection of oysters , the staff were knowledgeable .	staff	neutral
Customer service was really good .	Customer service	neutral
You can get a 12 oz beer for $ 7 and a 20 oz beer for $ 14 .	beer	neutral
You can get a 12 oz beer for $ 7 and a 20 oz beer for $ 14 .	beer	neutral
A pretzel will cost you $ 8 and that 's the low end of the price point .	pretzel	neutral
So if you have time and money to waste than it 's a great spot !	spot	neutral
Plus , everyone I took there says this place will definitely be a regular visit .	place	neutral
, food was great , service was all smiles and quick .	food	neutral
, food was great , service was all smiles and quick .	service	neutral
* * * * Loving this place !	place	neutral
My first time at Izakaya Ju	Izakaya	neutral
Just like everything in J - town , it 's a small space but they could handle a big group ( 12 - 15ppl , keeping this place in mind to take my whole family ) and still have space for more diners without being squished or bumped around .	space	neutral
Staff greets you when you arrive or leave , but not as loud as they would at Guu .	Staff	neutral
Service was quick and always with a smile .	Service	neutral
I like mackarel ,	mackarel	neutral
- Pork cheek yakitori	Pork	neutral
It 's pork and belly ...	pork	neutral
They give you a choice to either have your yakitori salted or sauced .	yakitori	neutral
Always tasty cuisine and wonderful service !	cuisine	neutral
Always tasty cuisine and wonderful service !	service	neutral
The servers were friendly enough but the food , not so much .	servers	neutral
The servers were friendly enough but the food , not so much .	food	neutral
The batter for the shrimp was so heavy I could have used it for floor mats .	batter for the	neutral
The batter for the shrimp was so heavy I could have used it for floor mats .	shrimp	neutral
There was no flavor in the hush puppies .	hush puppies	neutral
I did have 1 of the category 5 hurricane drinks , that was good .	hurricane drinks	neutral
All in all this was my first and probably last visit to Joe 's Crab Shack .	Crab Shack	neutral
El Coquito is a hidden little gem .	El Coquito	neutral
Quaint and eclectic decor that 's thoughtfully placed and somehow cohesive gives the feeling of being transported to another country .	decor	neutral
I love that this place is so close to me , but it 's a bit of an unfortunate location .	place	neutral
The owner is super nice and friendly - which is really refreshing in this town .	owner	neutral
I ca n't blame them for the most part given the state of the economy , but being a personable and accommodating restaurant owner goes a really long way toward earning and keeping business .	restaurant	neutral
I 'm not terribly familiar with Puerto Rican food , but El Coquito made me a lifetime fan .	El Coquito	neutral
Some of the most flavorful dishes I 've ever had .	dishes	neutral
One thing I really like is that the dishes are n't copious amounts of food ...	dishes	neutral
The portions here are just right .	portions	neutral
I ca n't promise it 's all the most healthy as some of it is deep fried and the most flavorful steaks are going to have plenty of marbling and fat on them - however , a reasonably sized meal is what you will get .	steaks	neutral
I ca n't promise it 's all the most healthy as some of it is deep fried and the most flavorful steaks are going to have plenty of marbling and fat on them - however , a reasonably sized meal is what you will get .	meal	neutral
I highly recommend this place .	place	neutral
: You ca n't beat their pizza special , a three - topping large for ~$15 .	pizza special	neutral
: You ca n't beat their pizza special , a three - topping large for ~$15 .	three	neutral
Ingredients are high - quality , and crust is delicious .	Ingredients	neutral
Ingredients are high - quality , and crust is delicious .	crust	neutral
Service is attentive and personal - they 'll get to know you after a few visits and will treat you extra special .	Service	neutral
Staff really go the extra mile to deliver the best possible dining experience .	Staff	neutral
Food is delicious , if a bit typical .	Food	neutral
Would be a five - star review if they offered more interesting or adventurous specials .	specials	neutral
We thoroughly enjoyed the food !	food	neutral
After all of the IG pics that I have seen on my feed I finally got the chance to try this place and it definitely does n't disappoint .	place	neutral
Had their mind blowing chicken sandwich that definitely live up to its name .	chicken sandwich	neutral
It 's one of the best sandwiches I 've ever had and paired it with a honey latte which was also good .	honey latte	neutral
Definitely coming back to try the rest of the menu ! ! ! !	menu	neutral
The service is great and the food is too .	service	neutral
The service is great and the food is too .	food	neutral
Our server was Vanessa .	server	neutral
The kitchen seemed to be a little slow .	kitchen	neutral
The food was delicious and Vanessa and Jade handled the delay issue like true professionals creating the end result of very satisfied customers that will definitely be returning when in Vegas again .	food	neutral
The food was delicious and Vanessa and Jade handled the delay issue like true professionals creating the end result of very satisfied customers that will definitely be returning when in Vegas again .	Vanessa	neutral
The food was delicious and Vanessa and Jade handled the delay issue like true professionals creating the end result of very satisfied customers that will definitely be returning when in Vegas again .	Jade	neutral
I do n't know who Sam is ( or if there is a Sam ) , but he and his congee associates sure know how to run a shop .	congee	neutral
Sam 's Congee Delight is simplicity at its absolute best .	Sam	neutral
Sam 's Congee Delight is simplicity at its absolute best .	Congee	neutral
It has mastered exactly what it sets out to do , which is fast and delicious food at a good price .	food	neutral
As a kid ( who am I kidding , as an adult too ) , I love watching them prepare the rice noodle rolls by hand and freshly fry up the Chinese fritters through the glass window at the front .	rice noodle rolls	neutral
As a kid ( who am I kidding , as an adult too ) , I love watching them prepare the rice noodle rolls by hand and freshly fry up the Chinese fritters through the glass window at the front .	Chinese fritters	neutral
You see them ladle congee out of large steaming pots and add fresh ingredients by hand .	congee	neutral
There are no false pretenses , people just want some Chinese food made right first thing in the morning .	Chinese food	neutral
My must - haves are rice noodle with pork liver , sweet cruller , and pork and century egg congee .	rice	neutral
My must - haves are rice noodle with pork liver , sweet cruller , and pork and century egg congee .	sweet cruller	neutral
My must - haves are rice noodle with pork liver , sweet cruller , and pork and century egg congee .	pork and century egg congee	neutral
Bonus items include hollow sesame balls , plain rice noodle rolls that you can add sweet / sesame / hot sauce to , and fried noodles .	hollow sesame balls	neutral
Bonus items include hollow sesame balls , plain rice noodle rolls that you can add sweet / sesame / hot sauce to , and fried noodles .	plain rice noodle rolls	neutral
Bonus items include hollow sesame balls , plain rice noodle rolls that you can add sweet / sesame / hot sauce to , and fried noodles .	fried noodles	neutral
Both girls who helped us were very friendly and helpful , great service !	service	neutral
We tried a bunch of stuff from their menu but what stood out the most was the gyoza , the coconut rice and the Chilean Sea Bass ( photo ) .	gyoza	neutral
We tried a bunch of stuff from their menu but what stood out the most was the gyoza , the coconut rice and the Chilean Sea Bass ( photo ) .	coconut rice	neutral
We tried a bunch of stuff from their menu but what stood out the most was the gyoza , the coconut rice and the Chilean Sea Bass ( photo ) .	Chilean Sea Bass	neutral
The fish was cooked so perfectly it 'd practically melt upon bitting into it .	fish	neutral
I like my noodles , especially in a big Asian bowl .	Asian bowl	neutral
I opted for the Udon noodle soup since it 's something you do n't see too much since Ramen seems to be the more popular soup in Japan .	Udon noodle soup	neutral
Soup was good , not great	Soup	neutral
I 've been going to Mido Sushi for about 3 years + and the food is consistently good and the prices are unbeatable .	food	neutral
all - you - can - eat sushi ( w / some exceptions )	all	neutral
they have great lunch specials and happy hours .	lunch specials	neutral
Although the sushi chefs are pretty friendly and personable ... on most of my visits , the waitresses have ranged from brisk to downright exasperated ( one even rolled her eyes at me because I asked for tempura sauce and she brought me eel sauce	sushi chefs	neutral
Although the sushi chefs are pretty friendly and personable ... on most of my visits , the waitresses have ranged from brisk to downright exasperated ( one even rolled her eyes at me because I asked for tempura sauce and she brought me eel sauce	waitresses	neutral
Overall , based on food and value , I would recommend this place .	food	neutral
Overall , based on food and value , I would recommend this place .	place	neutral
So , this place is ... not cheap .	place	neutral
It 's super classy , the service was fantastic , and their steak , while I do n't think I 'd feel like paying 50 dollars for one unless I were way rich , was indeed a very good steak .	service	neutral
It 's super classy , the service was fantastic , and their steak , while I do n't think I 'd feel like paying 50 dollars for one unless I were way rich , was indeed a very good steak .	steak	neutral
- I saw one review saying something like this was a great steakhouse for people who do n't like steak .	steakhouse	neutral
I do n't remember why they said that , but it 's kind of true , for one reason : while their steaks are very good , they 're also stupid pricey ; their sides , however , are also very good , and an unexpectedly great value .	steaks	neutral
I do n't remember why they said that , but it 's kind of true , for one reason : while their steaks are very good , they 're also stupid pricey ; their sides , however , are also very good , and an unexpectedly great value .	sides	neutral
We tried their lobster mac&cheese , which was super lobstery and pretty substantial , as well as their specialty , the truffle fries , which I wish had been less salty so the truffle could shine more , but they were still pretty truffly , and you get a * ridiculous * amount .	lobster mac&cheese	neutral
We tried their lobster mac&cheese , which was super lobstery and pretty substantial , as well as their specialty , the truffle fries , which I wish had been less salty so the truffle could shine more , but they were still pretty truffly , and you get a * ridiculous * amount .	truffle fries	neutral
We also got the extra fun of goggling at their wine list , which they are quite proud of , and I can see why - a very small fraction of said list is actually remotely * affordable * , but it 's certainly entertaining to gawk at .	wine list	neutral
It 's mostly the kind of wine list that yells " this restaurant is not cheap " , the kind of wine list you order off of if you 're either a.	wine list	neutral
That said , they do have a * few * reasonably priced wines on there , including a very good ice wine ( we had that for dessert , and were pretty pleased with it .	wines	neutral
That said , they do have a * few * reasonably priced wines on there , including a very good ice wine ( we had that for dessert , and were pretty pleased with it .	ice wine	neutral
Great food and service .	food	neutral
Great food and service .	service	neutral
Debbie , our sever was amazing and very attentive .	Debbie	neutral
SOL , you 're phenomenal !	SOL	neutral
This is a well laid out attractive store offering a wide array of products for shoppers with special needs or atypical philosophies .	store	neutral
Those who believe pesticides are life threatening , despite lifespans steadily increasing , can load up on organics .	pesticides	neutral
Those who jump on every bandwagon thinking they too are better off eating food free of lactose or gluten or	food	neutral
Prices are high to offset the increased cost of producing specialized products .	products	neutral
I just had lunch here and the food was delicious .	food	neutral
We had the pulled pork sandwich and the chopped salad .	pulled pork sandwich	neutral
We had the pulled pork sandwich and the chopped salad .	chopped salad	neutral
I was really impressed because I was worried after seeing the menu descriptions that it would be too fancy and not enough flavor .	menu	neutral
The atmosphere was really nice , too .	atmosphere	neutral
It 's a little pricey , but what you would expect from this type of restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Very friendly staff .	staff	neutral
It 's a large , warm sitting space	sitting	neutral
It 's a large , warm sitting space	space	neutral
The raspberry white chocolate frappe that they made for me was also very delicious and met second cup standards .	raspberry white chocolate frappe	neutral
Absolutely delicious lunch !	lunch	neutral
Talk about a popular patio for lunch !	patio	neutral
The patio looked very clean , cozy and every table was taken .	patio	neutral
I was definitely impressed the decor , I love the big red leather chairs .	decor	neutral
I was definitely impressed the decor , I love the big red leather chairs .	big	neutral
I was definitely impressed the decor , I love the big red leather chairs .	red leather chairs	neutral
Our server was great , she greeted us right away and got our waters quickly .	server	neutral
I love their Lunchbox idea , you get a little bit of everything .	Lunchbox	neutral
I ordered the tomato soup ( delicious ) , the root stock salad ( different but great ) and half of the grilled cheese ( I am still daydreaming about it ) .	tomato soup	neutral
I ordered the tomato soup ( delicious ) , the root stock salad ( different but great ) and half of the grilled cheese ( I am still daydreaming about it ) .	root stock salad	neutral
I ordered the tomato soup ( delicious ) , the root stock salad ( different but great ) and half of the grilled cheese ( I am still daydreaming about it ) .	grilled cheese	neutral
Clearly that 's a safe indication that the food was delicious .	food	neutral
Keep up the great work Hodge 's !	Hodge 's	neutral
By far the best steak house in town !	steak house	neutral
I had an amazing meal all around with amazing service !	meal	neutral
I had an amazing meal all around with amazing service !	service	neutral
Overall this is a great dining expirence !	dining	neutral
I had the pork tenderloin which was good but not phenomenal .	pork tenderloin	neutral
The pork was good but other than being spicy , it did n't have a ton of flavor .	pork	neutral
My plate was accompanied by a sweet potato tamale which was quite the disappointment .	sweet potato tamale	neutral
The tamale was grainy and falling apart and not sweet enough .	tamale	neutral
My husband had the chicken which he thought was amazing , and it was topped with mango chunks which is pretty yummy stuff .	chicken	neutral
My mother in law had the salmon which she found lack luster and also found a bone in it	salmon	neutral
Overall our meal was n't bad by any means but it just was n't great either .	meal	neutral
Best shrimp and grits this side of Charleston .	shrimp and grits	neutral
Homemade dessert .	dessert	neutral
Brusheta with Crab , Vegetable Sandwich , fried risotto balls , Steak sandwich were all very good and range in price from $ 5 to $ 8 ( steak sandwich ) .	Brusheta with Crab	neutral
Brusheta with Crab , Vegetable Sandwich , fried risotto balls , Steak sandwich were all very good and range in price from $ 5 to $ 8 ( steak sandwich ) .	Vegetable Sandwich	neutral
Brusheta with Crab , Vegetable Sandwich , fried risotto balls , Steak sandwich were all very good and range in price from $ 5 to $ 8 ( steak sandwich ) .	fried risotto balls	neutral
Brusheta with Crab , Vegetable Sandwich , fried risotto balls , Steak sandwich were all very good and range in price from $ 5 to $ 8 ( steak sandwich ) .	Steak sandwich	neutral
If you did n't want the french fries you could opt for their sides , of salad , or 4 other picks .	sides	neutral
The drinks were reasonably priced draft or bottled beer $ 3 , premium well $ 4 , glass of wine $ 5 ( good size pour ) .	drinks	neutral
The drinks were reasonably priced draft or bottled beer $ 3 , premium well $ 4 , glass of wine $ 5 ( good size pour ) .	draft	neutral
The drinks were reasonably priced draft or bottled beer $ 3 , premium well $ 4 , glass of wine $ 5 ( good size pour ) .	bottled beer	neutral
The drinks were reasonably priced draft or bottled beer $ 3 , premium well $ 4 , glass of wine $ 5 ( good size pour ) .	glass of wine	neutral
But .... the food was so salty that we could n't even eat it .	food	neutral
Beautiful setting , great service and high quality food .	setting	neutral
Beautiful setting , great service and high quality food .	service	neutral
Beautiful setting , great service and high quality food .	food	neutral
Every dish we order was good .	dish	neutral
Dirty old sofa and bathtub ( who would actually bathe in this thing ? ? ! ! ) .	sofa	neutral
Dirty old sofa and bathtub ( who would actually bathe in this thing ? ? ! ! ) .	bathtub	neutral
My food was not that good at all .	food	neutral
I got kung poa chicken and the chicken	kung poa chicken	neutral
I got kung poa chicken and the chicken	chicken	neutral
I watched a guy bring chicken wings back up because he wanted them crispy and they were not crispy at all .	chicken wings	neutral
Any place that has that type of business model deserves no business .	place	neutral
Small little spot in an industrial park but spot on with the food .	spot	neutral
Small little spot in an industrial park but spot on with the food .	food	neutral
If you are looking for to get away from the processes chain style food you have to check out their home cooking !	home cooking	neutral
Excellent the quiche was so fluffy and the pastry awesome .	quiche	neutral
Excellent the quiche was so fluffy and the pastry awesome .	pastry	neutral
Great service and the atmosphere very relaxing background music very good	service	neutral
Great service and the atmosphere very relaxing background music very good	atmosphere	neutral
Great service and the atmosphere very relaxing background music very good	background music	neutral
We always had great service .	service	neutral
We came to this location last week and had good service .	service	neutral
The service was horrible .	service	neutral
We sat for about 15 minutes and another server offered to get us drinks .	server	neutral
The support staff was very friendly which is why I gave 3 stars and	support staff	neutral
The reason I gave it two stars because we got a good deal of one large pizza ( though the food sucks ) and 4 one hour game cards for $ 40 , not bad .	large	neutral
The reason I gave it two stars because we got a good deal of one large pizza ( though the food sucks ) and 4 one hour game cards for $ 40 , not bad .	pizza	neutral
The reason I gave it two stars because we got a good deal of one large pizza ( though the food sucks ) and 4 one hour game cards for $ 40 , not bad .	food	neutral
Otherwise the place is small , food sucks , and effin kids all over the place who cut you in line because you are an adult and there for do n't play games ?	place	neutral
Otherwise the place is small , food sucks , and effin kids all over the place who cut you in line because you are an adult and there for do n't play games ?	food	neutral
Customer service has been surprisingly consistent at this store .	Customer service	neutral
This might be the best Mexican food ever .	Mexican food	neutral
Finally tried it out , and yeah the location is a little shady .	location	neutral
It probably would have helped me a lot if I knew Spanish , but still got some awesome tacos !	tacos	neutral
The food was decent enough , but not nearly worth the frustration .	food	neutral
However , I must say that the Gelato was amazing .	Gelato	neutral
Staff and the chefs were awesome .	Staff	neutral
Staff and the chefs were awesome .	chefs	neutral
Just the food was n't that great .	food	neutral
There was no AC on a hot summer night plus there was no ice in the ice machines .	ice machines	neutral
The one upside is that they do accept American Express .	American Express	neutral
but I continue to come here for my prescriptions because of the excellent customer service .	customer service	neutral
I always receive friendly , kind , and professional service !	service	neutral
I love this cupcake shop !	cupcake	neutral
The packaging is so cute and everyone loved them !	packaging	neutral
I 've never been able to find a chocolate cupcake that taste like the helm 's man bakery on wheels ( when I was a child ) .	chocolate cupcake	neutral
Lo & behold I found it , they have the best chocolate cupcake , it took me right down memory lane and my senses lit up with joy !	chocolate cupcake	neutral
Bravo to the baker , and THANKS !	baker	neutral
This would be a one star review were it not for our attentive server .	server	neutral
In a word the food was absolutely terrible .	food	neutral
The salmon sushi smelled awful , the firecracker shrimp or whatever it was called was cooked in friggin ketchup and the chicken dishes we had were cooked in watery , flavorless goop .	salmon sushi	neutral
The salmon sushi smelled awful , the firecracker shrimp or whatever it was called was cooked in friggin ketchup and the chicken dishes we had were cooked in watery , flavorless goop .	firecracker shrimp	neutral
The salmon sushi smelled awful , the firecracker shrimp or whatever it was called was cooked in friggin ketchup and the chicken dishes we had were cooked in watery , flavorless goop .	chicken dishes	neutral
It is unimaginable to me that this place is capable of four stars .	place	neutral
I ca n't remember having a meal so badly prepared that it actually angered me !	meal	neutral
While the sandwich was good , it was nothing I could n't have made at home with a trip to costco first , at a fraction of the price .	sandwich	neutral
At $ 10 for such a tiny sandwich I expected more .	sandwich	neutral
And $ 6 for an iced tea ?	iced tea	neutral
The latte is on point .	latte	neutral
Service is great .	Service	neutral
Decor and ambiance have a chic yet warm and cozy vibe .	Decor	neutral
Decor and ambiance have a chic yet warm and cozy vibe .	ambiance	neutral
Love this place .	place	neutral
I do n't get this place .	place	neutral
I went to take a look at the front of the line to see what the fries looked like , and these women gave me a dirty look , as if I was cutting the line , and copying their homework and moved down in a way that I could n't look over .	fries	neutral
By this time food was cold and the gravy on the meatballs was caked on .	food	neutral
By this time food was cold and the gravy on the meatballs was caked on .	gravy	neutral
By this time food was cold and the gravy on the meatballs was caked on .	meatballs	neutral
And no matter what you 're in view of the tray collecting station in the middle of room which was not cleared - imagine half finished meals and trays with flies flying around it .	tray collecting station	neutral
And no matter what you 're in view of the tray collecting station in the middle of room which was not cleared - imagine half finished meals and trays with flies flying around it .	meals	neutral
And no matter what you 're in view of the tray collecting station in the middle of room which was not cleared - imagine half finished meals and trays with flies flying around it .	trays	neutral
99 , salad , 10 meatballs , potatoes , gravy and soft drink , is not a bad deal , but also does n't seem as cheap as I expected .	salad	neutral
99 , salad , 10 meatballs , potatoes , gravy and soft drink , is not a bad deal , but also does n't seem as cheap as I expected .	meatballs	neutral
99 , salad , 10 meatballs , potatoes , gravy and soft drink , is not a bad deal , but also does n't seem as cheap as I expected .	gravy	neutral
99 , salad , 10 meatballs , potatoes , gravy and soft drink , is not a bad deal , but also does n't seem as cheap as I expected .	soft drink	neutral
essentially I paid a premium for tap water .	tap water	neutral
Food itself was tasty , but reminded me of fast food - a treat .	Food	neutral
Cool little spot .	spot	neutral
Love the bar and the couches for lounging and enjoying a glass of vino .	bar	neutral
Love the bar and the couches for lounging and enjoying a glass of vino .	couches	neutral
Love the bar and the couches for lounging and enjoying a glass of vino .	glass of vino	neutral
Food is also really nice .	Food	neutral
I love the beet salad with chicken .	beet salad with chicken	neutral
There is something about the chicken , always moist and flavorful .	chicken	neutral
It started off strong , amazing service , delicious food ....	service	neutral
It started off strong , amazing service , delicious food ....	food	neutral
now the food is sub par and the service is horrible .	food	neutral
now the food is sub par and the service is horrible .	service	neutral
After that experience we gave the place another go .	place	neutral
it was the wrong meat again .	meat	neutral
I 'm pretty fed up , and honestly this will mark the end to a good run at Copa cabana for us .	Copa cabana	neutral
I no longer rave to people about this place	place	neutral
and I will no longer bring them business from hosting special occasions or bringing friends here to try the place .	place	neutral
Thanks for another outstanding job , my wrap job looks perfect .	wrap job	neutral
The drive thru line was too long , so I went inside .	drive	neutral
The customer service was ok and the food came out pretty quick , almost too quick .	customer service	neutral
The customer service was ok and the food came out pretty quick , almost too quick .	food	neutral
Place seemed clean .	Place	neutral
I do n't really feel it 's fair to remove stars based on me not liking fast food .	fast food	neutral
My second issue is that I asked for my cheeseburgers without onions , and when I got in the car and opened up the wrapper , both burgers were covered in chopped onions that were basically impossible to easily remove .	cheeseburgers	neutral
My second issue is that I asked for my cheeseburgers without onions , and when I got in the car and opened up the wrapper , both burgers were covered in chopped onions that were basically impossible to easily remove .	burgers	neutral
Why ca n't Five Guys have a drive thru window ... sad face .	drive	neutral
There are many reasons for us to frequent Del Mar Deli including convenience , the fresh bagels and/or the oversized desserts , but the # 1 reason is the corned beef sandwiches .	desserts	neutral
There are many reasons for us to frequent Del Mar Deli including convenience , the fresh bagels and/or the oversized desserts , but the # 1 reason is the corned beef sandwiches .	corned beef sandwiches	neutral
The sandwich was stuffed with lean , juicy corned beef while the potato salad suffered from being exposed to too much mayo or whatever they use as a substitute .	sandwich	neutral
The sandwich was stuffed with lean , juicy corned beef while the potato salad suffered from being exposed to too much mayo or whatever they use as a substitute .	potato salad	neutral
I started with the Egg Rolls .	Egg Rolls	neutral
It was a good Asian place , not the best I 've ever had .	Asian place	neutral
The limes in the water were a nice touch .	limes	neutral
The limes in the water were a nice touch .	water	neutral
I ordered the shepherd 's pie and to be honest , it looked and tasted like it came straight from Costco , but the portion was big .	shepherd 's pie	neutral
I ordered the shepherd 's pie and to be honest , it looked and tasted like it came straight from Costco , but the portion was big .	portion	neutral
They also have baked items , coffees , bagels , and to add to the homemade vibe , their menus and signage are just all over the place and a little overwhelming to read all at once .	baked	neutral
They also have baked items , coffees , bagels , and to add to the homemade vibe , their menus and signage are just all over the place and a little overwhelming to read all at once .	coffees	neutral
They also have baked items , coffees , bagels , and to add to the homemade vibe , their menus and signage are just all over the place and a little overwhelming to read all at once .	menus	neutral
They also have baked items , coffees , bagels , and to add to the homemade vibe , their menus and signage are just all over the place and a little overwhelming to read all at once .	signage	neutral
The place is definitely not worth a special trip , but if you 're in the area , it 's not a bad spot to visit for a bite .	place	neutral
The place is definitely not worth a special trip , but if you 're in the area , it 's not a bad spot to visit for a bite .	spot	neutral
I had a tonkatsu for lunch is good ... service is great ...	tonkatsu	neutral
I had a tonkatsu for lunch is good ... service is great ...	service	neutral
This place is legit .	place	neutral
Meatballs are killer ...	Meatballs	neutral
Pizza is very tasty .	Pizza	neutral
Popcorn at its best in over 50 flavors ! ! !	Popcorn	neutral
So glad I rediscovered this wonderful local business !	business	neutral
The host did a great job ! .	host	neutral
Lots of nice people , games and great food !	people	neutral
Lots of nice people , games and great food !	food	neutral
I liked the atmosphere there , very different than just a regular bowling place ...	atmosphere	neutral
I like to order from there appetizer menu and their seafood fondue is thee best !	seafood fondue	neutral
A band was setting up out on the patio and our waitress was awesome .	patio	neutral
A band was setting up out on the patio and our waitress was awesome .	waitress	neutral
Food was great and	Food	neutral
what a wonderful place !	place	neutral
I do support local business and I am just glad that Chef Lin opened up in my neighbourhood .	Chef Lin	neutral
Being a small scale neighbourhood restaurant , I do n't really see the need to offer such an extensive menu ; Thai , Malay , Hakka , Cantonese , Northern Chinese , Taiwanese , Shanghainese Dim Sum and more .	menu	neutral
Being a small scale neighbourhood restaurant , I do n't really see the need to offer such an extensive menu ; Thai , Malay , Hakka , Cantonese , Northern Chinese , Taiwanese , Shanghainese Dim Sum and more .	Northern	neutral
Seriously they need to trim down the menu and concentrate on some Signature dishes instead .	dishes	neutral
Maybe some Chef Lin 's Recommendations ?	Chef	neutral
Chicken Pad Thai ( $ 7 . 50 ) is just too saucy and with only a really flat one dimensional taste :	Chicken Pad Thai	neutral
Though Pad Thai might be argue to be something that Chinese immigrants has a great influence on , but Pad Thai is not equal to Chinese food .	Pad Thai	neutral
Though Pad Thai might be argue to be something that Chinese immigrants has a great influence on , but Pad Thai is not equal to Chinese food .	Pad Thai	neutral
Thai food does has the distinctive taste of hot , sweet , sour and spicy .	Thai food	neutral
Chef Lin does shown promise and is really working hard to be establish in the neighbourhood but just dishing out 4/5 stars is not helping the business at all as customers has a really high expectation after reading those reviews and ended up being disappointed .	Chef Lin	neutral
I would come back to try their Taiwanese Beef Noodle soon : handmade in house noodle sounds promising .	Taiwanese Beef Noodle	neutral
Chef Lin being quite new and hopefully would improve overtime and would one day found their identity and their signature dishes !	Chef Lin	neutral
Chef Lin being quite new and hopefully would improve overtime and would one day found their identity and their signature dishes !	dishes	neutral
Food : Diner food .	Food	neutral
Watered down coffee .	coffee	neutral
Grapefruit juice was fresh .	Grapefruit juice	neutral
Service : Diner service .	Service	neutral
Crowd : Old newbs .	Crowd	neutral
The decor was inviting and the staff was very friendly .	decor	neutral
The decor was inviting and the staff was very friendly .	staff	neutral
I d like to go back when it gets warmer and they open the garage door style windows .	garage	neutral
We ordered the brunch burger and the open faced breakfast sandwich .	breakfast	neutral
The fries served with the burger were great - we could n't stop eating them .	fries	neutral
But both were served on burnt buns and the breakfast sandwich was pretty small for $ 14 .	breakfast sandwich	neutral
The braised pork on it lacked sauce and flavor .	braised pork	neutral
8 bucks for a pint of ice cream ?	ice cream	neutral
Orders are always accurate .	Orders	neutral
Service is quick .	Service	neutral
And the food tastes how you 'd assume Taco Bell would taste like .	food	neutral
DeCarlo was extremely professional , quick and friendly .	DeCarlo	neutral
Olive & Gourmando was my favorite of all of the stellar brunch spots that we tried in Montreal .	Olive & Gourmando	neutral
The food was delicious , but most of the city seemed to think the same thing judging by the large influx of people on a workday .	food	neutral
Still a nice find in a nice city .	city	neutral
I had the " Poached Egg on Your Face " sandwich and can honestly say that it was easily in the top 5 breakfast sandwiches I 've ever had	Poached Egg	neutral
( and I loves me some breakfast sammys ) .	breakfast	neutral
The sandwich was on the larger side ( had to over - eat to finish it ......	sandwich	neutral
no regrets ) and was oozing plenty of delicious cheese .	cheese	neutral
This made me want to try their grilled cheese as well .... which will have to wait until next time .	grilled cheese	neutral
My vegetarian fiance had the Vegan 3 . 0 and that was absolutely delicious as well , and also a good sized sandwich .	Vegan 3 . 0	neutral
My vegetarian fiance had the Vegan 3 . 0 and that was absolutely delicious as well , and also a good sized sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
All in all we were both really impressed with the food	food	neutral
and I will gladly come back next trip to try a few more dishes .	dishes	neutral
Olive has a large case of fresh baked pastries that we munched on while we waited .	pastries	neutral
We had an almond and a cheese croissant which were both delicious .	almond	neutral
We had an almond and a cheese croissant which were both delicious .	cheese croissant	neutral
Veggie Friendly .	Veggie	neutral
There are a few vegetarian friendly items ( usually I 'd exclude grilled cheese because its just bread and cheese	grilled cheese	neutral
Always nice when the vegetarians at the table have more than 1 or 2 choices .	vegetarians	neutral
For what you get I actually think Olive is priced very solidly .	Olive	neutral
$ 10 - $ 15 for a sandwich ( keep in mind that 's Canadian ) but the portions are large enough that you 'll probably end up taking half home .	sandwich	neutral
$ 10 - $ 15 for a sandwich ( keep in mind that 's Canadian ) but the portions are large enough that you 'll probably end up taking half home .	portions	neutral
Throw on a pastry and that a solid breakfast and lunch .	breakfast	neutral
I wish I was a bit closer to Olive & Gourmando , instead of an entire country away .	Olive & Gourmando	neutral
Still it 's nice to have a great place in your back pocket for when you head back to Montreal .	place	neutral
I was impressed with this place and plan to head back whenever I 'm in the neighborhood !	place	neutral
So what did this ramen gem offer us ?	ramen	neutral
The staff was extremely friendly .	staff	neutral
They explained anything we asked and gave us ample warnings about cold ramen bowls .	ramen bowls	neutral
The bathrooms were clean .	bathrooms	neutral
The appetizers we had were very good .	appetizers	neutral
We ordered the rice crispy and fried chicken .	rice	neutral
I will warn you it is a lot of food so for two people	food	neutral
The crispy rice cake comes with raw spicy tuna .	crispy rice	neutral
The fried chicken is a yummy option .	fried chicken	neutral
The lime really brought out the spicy flavor of the dipping sauce .	lime	neutral
The lime really brought out the spicy flavor of the dipping sauce .	dipping sauce	neutral
The ramen was fantastic .	ramen	neutral
For 14 months I have been looking for a place that got the ramen close to what I had in Taiwan .	ramen	neutral
Order the Tonkatsu and add spicy ground pork	Tonkatsu	neutral
The Fire and Ice is what my boyfriend ordered .	Fire and Ice	neutral
His broth was sweeter than mine by a lot .	broth	neutral
If you are looking for a fish based ramen , order the Fire and Ice .	Fire and Ice	neutral
The noodles in both bowls were cooked right .	noodles	neutral
The noodles in both bowls were cooked right .	bowls	neutral
The noodle to broth ratio was nice as well .	noodle to broth ratio	neutral
The alcohol selection is nice .	alcohol selection	neutral
You have lots of choices between beer and sake .	beer	neutral
You have lots of choices between beer and sake .	sake	neutral
6 ) The environment is also welcoming .	environment	neutral
No one in this ramen place judged many be for the way they looked or who they were with .	ramen	neutral
I tried the butter tart and orange juice - by black river ...	butter tart	neutral
I tried the butter tart and orange juice - by black river ...	orange juice	neutral
with food it comes and goes ...	food	neutral
The other food that helps my back straighten is ottogi 3min curry from the bloor street everfresh open 24 hours ... its a curry sauce with potatoes and peas ... has anyone else noticed this ? ? ?	ottogi	neutral
It would be nice not to be seated and then informed of kitchen closing within the half hour AND also offering water and explaining how ; quote " I 'll have to wait until you 're finished to leave " .	kitchen	neutral
Maybe the staff can brush up on customer relation skills ...	staff	neutral
Maybe the staff can brush up on customer relation skills ...	customer	neutral
It pains me to only give one star because I feel like this place has the potential to be amazing .	place	neutral
I was looking forward to try this place because so many people have been telling me how wonderful it was .	place	neutral
We walked in and to our surprise the hostess went to seat us right away .	hostess	neutral
That would have been fine except that hostess then disappeared and a new hostess began seating parties that came in after us , not realizing that we were waiting .	hostess	neutral
That would have been fine except that hostess then disappeared and a new hostess began seating parties that came in after us , not realizing that we were waiting .	hostess	neutral
Our waitress came and greeted us quickly & took our drink order .	waitress	neutral
( They have ice teas bottled from Italy & they were delicious ! )	ice teas	neutral
We ordered the meatball appetizer & 2 pizzas -- The margherita pizza and the 4 formaggi .	meatball	neutral
We ordered the meatball appetizer & 2 pizzas -- The margherita pizza and the 4 formaggi .	margherita pizza	neutral
When the appetizer did arrive , it was delicious .	appetizer	neutral
The meatballs & sauce were amazing !	meatballs	neutral
The meatballs & sauce were amazing !	sauce	neutral
We heard several tables complaining about the wait & wondered how long ours would take .	wait	neutral
Our waitress , Jessie was INCREDIBLE .	waitress	neutral
Our waitress , Jessie was INCREDIBLE .	Jessie	neutral
the kitchen was being slow .	kitchen	neutral
Now , I understand that brick oven pizza is usually more well done but this was beyond that .	brick oven pizza	neutral
I ordered the Lamb and Chilli Chicken Kothu Roti and they were both good .	Lamb	neutral
I ordered the Lamb and Chilli Chicken Kothu Roti and they were both good .	Chilli Chicken Kothu Roti	neutral
Portions are huge and they are not stingey ... but remember you are eating majority carbs !	Portions	neutral
I entered the store , and was very disappointed to see a moving belt type pizza oven .	pizza oven	neutral
In my opinion and experience , these ovens do n't get hot enough to cook the dough the way I like it .	ovens	neutral
The owner was friendly and efficient , and in just a few minutes , my slices rolled off the assembly line ,	owner	neutral
As expected , the slices were limp and doughy .	slices	neutral
I like a nice thin ( NYC thin ) crisp crust with the cheese and toppings turning a nice brown color in spots .	crust	neutral
I like a nice thin ( NYC thin ) crisp crust with the cheese and toppings turning a nice brown color in spots .	cheese	neutral
I like a nice thin ( NYC thin ) crisp crust with the cheese and toppings turning a nice brown color in spots .	toppings	neutral
There are several pizza joints in Vegas that turn out an above average pie that does not travel well .	pizza	neutral
There are several pizza joints in Vegas that turn out an above average pie that does not travel well .	pie	neutral
Had a great night with family food service was awesome , food was good , especially the cheese cake , ohh and also server John M is boom kanani the best ...	service	neutral
Had a great night with family food service was awesome , food was good , especially the cheese cake , ohh and also server John M is boom kanani the best ...	food	neutral
Had a great night with family food service was awesome , food was good , especially the cheese cake , ohh and also server John M is boom kanani the best ...	cheese cake	neutral
Had a great night with family food service was awesome , food was good , especially the cheese cake , ohh and also server John M is boom kanani the best ...	server	neutral
Had a great night with family food service was awesome , food was good , especially the cheese cake , ohh and also server John M is boom kanani the best ...	John	neutral
40min-1hr 50min estimated delivery time .	delivery	neutral
and he said customer service was great .	customer service	neutral
I ordered the garlic knots pizza , traditional hot wings , and fries .	garlic	neutral
I ordered the garlic knots pizza , traditional hot wings , and fries .	traditional hot wings	neutral
The garlic knots were good .	garlic knots	neutral
They come with marinara dipping sauce	marinara	neutral
The fries were amazing ! ! ! !	fries	neutral
A tiny family owned restaurant with small coastal charm .	restaurant	neutral
A tiny family owned restaurant with small coastal charm .	coastal	neutral
The two fish platters we tried were both very nice .	fish platters	neutral
Their blackened catfish was cooked perfectly , seasoned perfectly and the portion was generous .	blackened catfish	neutral
Their blackened catfish was cooked perfectly , seasoned perfectly and the portion was generous .	portion	neutral
Their mac n cheese side was great also .	mac n cheese side	neutral
The Seafood Place Plus smells like a seafood restaurant you would find by the sea .	Seafood Place	neutral
We found a scale or two in our Grilled Perch .	Grilled Perch	neutral
All in all , the Seafood Place was good enough for me to want to go back ( take out ) .	Seafood Place	neutral
As many of you know , I 've fallen hard for the Coconut- almond French toast served at both locations .	Coconut-	neutral
As many of you know , I 've fallen hard for the Coconut- almond French toast served at both locations .	French toast	neutral
I contemplated on ordering the Savory Breakfast Tart along with my French toast fave , but did n't want to overburden the kitchen as it already was almost - closing time .	Breakfast	neutral
I contemplated on ordering the Savory Breakfast Tart along with my French toast fave , but did n't want to overburden the kitchen as it already was almost - closing time .	French	neutral
Fallon soon brought out a darling cappuccino , and the texture and flavor ( no sweetener ) were delightful !	cappuccino	neutral
and told them I had to send the toast back and asked if I should just go home , since I do n't want to delay the kitchen staff from doing their duties back there and was told by Fallon and Adrian that it would n't be a problem and that another one should be out soon .	kitchen staff	neutral
I enjoyed half of the entree- three toast triangles- immensely and boxed up the other half to take home .	entree-	neutral
As I mentioned in my check - in note , the management and staff know how to treat their customers well , and as I was exiting The Hash Kitchen accompanied by Adrian , who shook hands with me goodbye while apologizing again for the mishap , I told him that I enjoyed my breakfast and the mishap wo n't keep me from coming back !	management	neutral
As I mentioned in my check - in note , the management and staff know how to treat their customers well , and as I was exiting The Hash Kitchen accompanied by Adrian , who shook hands with me goodbye while apologizing again for the mishap , I told him that I enjoyed my breakfast and the mishap wo n't keep me from coming back !	staff	neutral
As I mentioned in my check - in note , the management and staff know how to treat their customers well , and as I was exiting The Hash Kitchen accompanied by Adrian , who shook hands with me goodbye while apologizing again for the mishap , I told him that I enjoyed my breakfast and the mishap wo n't keep me from coming back !	Adrian	neutral
Thank you , Hash Kitchen .	Hash Kitchen	neutral
Mom loves the different eggs Benedict selections here , but she thinks the menu prices are over - priced .	eggs Benedict	neutral
Mom loves the different eggs Benedict selections here , but she thinks the menu prices are over - priced .	menu	neutral
Best pizza in madison by far .	pizza	neutral
The wait will be worth it though if you do have to wait .	wait	neutral
D 's is one of our favorite places in Pittsburgh .	D 's	neutral
It 's nice to have an easy , fun , casual place to get some good eats and a nice beer .	eats	neutral
It 's nice to have an easy , fun , casual place to get some good eats and a nice beer .	beer	neutral
As a vegetarian who still likes to pretend to eat meat , I so appreciate their multiple veggie options .	veggie	neutral
Their special dogs ( dog of the month ) are usually a lot of fun .	special dogs	neutral
Their beer list has to be the best I 've seen in the city .	beer list	neutral
Lots of great stuff on tap and a huge bottle room .	tap	neutral
Lots of great stuff on tap and a huge bottle room .	bottle room	neutral
He loves their mac and cheese and grilled cheese sandwiches , though I think he likes their crayons more .	mac and cheese	neutral
He loves their mac and cheese and grilled cheese sandwiches , though I think he likes their crayons more .	grilled cheese sandwiches	neutral
He loves their mac and cheese and grilled cheese sandwiches , though I think he likes their crayons more .	crayons	neutral
For a fun family dinner , a good beer , watching a game , getting together with friends , or just experimenting with a new Belgian brew , I strongly recommend D 's .	beer	neutral
The menu , like many Greek owned restaurants , is MASSIVE .	menu	neutral
The portion was huge but it was good .	portion	neutral
Best restaurant in Charlotte for a late night bite .	restaurant	neutral
Good food , big portions , excellent value .	food	neutral
Good food , big portions , excellent value .	portions	neutral
I would not consider D&B to be the best Chinese food I had ...	D&B	neutral
I would not consider D&B to be the best Chinese food I had ...	Chinese food	neutral
Naturally I had the pork fried rice , chicken with broccoli , and sweet & sour chicken .	pork fried rice	neutral
Naturally I had the pork fried rice , chicken with broccoli , and sweet & sour chicken .	chicken with broccoli	neutral
Naturally I had the pork fried rice , chicken with broccoli , and sweet & sour chicken .	sweet & sour chicken	neutral
The chicken with broccoli was actually decent	chicken with broccoli	neutral
and I liked the sauce they used for it .	sauce	neutral
Other than that my first impression was really bad on D&B	D&B	neutral
Good food and atmosphere .	food	neutral
Good food and atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Nice neighborhood bar Service was very quick and observant	bar	neutral
Nice neighborhood bar Service was very quick and observant	Service	neutral
Their not bad , I love the pork isaw .	pork isaw	neutral
Their food taste good .	food	neutral
Their best seller is the sisig .	sisig	neutral
My new favourite yarn store in Montreal .	yarn store	neutral
But if you want high - end , independently produced yarns that are mostly made in Canada ( with a few exceptions for some yarns from France ) , then you will be as excited as I was as I explored the store .	yarns	neutral
I struck up a conversation with Clara , who was extremely helpful in telling me about the store and what it has to offer -- not just nice yarns , but tea , very competent espresso ) , a pleasant place to sit and knit , classes , and being open everyday ( a rarity among most stores in Montreal , yarn - related or otherwise ) .	yarns	neutral
I struck up a conversation with Clara , who was extremely helpful in telling me about the store and what it has to offer -- not just nice yarns , but tea , very competent espresso ) , a pleasant place to sit and knit , classes , and being open everyday ( a rarity among most stores in Montreal , yarn - related or otherwise ) .	espresso	neutral
Their knit night seems very popular as well , and I like that the classes include spinning .	knit night	neutral
All of the services at the Golden Nugget are top notch .	services	neutral
All of the services at the Golden Nugget are top notch .	Golden Nugget	neutral
Every Friday night there is a classic rock show in a beautiful and intimate concert theater .	concert theater	neutral
Their buffalo burger was to die for .	buffalo burger	neutral
One of the best burger 's I 've ever had .	burger	neutral
There are tons of delicious restaurants in Las Vegas , which I think only attests more to the deliciousness of their food .	food	neutral
They have a great happy hour deal , which is 1/2 off all beer pints and $ 3 sliders .	beer pints	neutral
They have a great happy hour deal , which is 1/2 off all beer pints and $ 3 sliders .	sliders	neutral
The first time I went there I also got the fresh oysters with the dipping sauces and even though I 'm not a huge seafood fan , these oysters were out of this world .	fresh oysters with	neutral
The first time I went there I also got the fresh oysters with the dipping sauces and even though I 'm not a huge seafood fan , these oysters were out of this world .	dipping sauces	neutral
One note of caution is to watch out for their fresh horseradish sauce that comes with the oysters - I added a little too much ( which was hardly anything ) with my first bite and my nostrils felt it ! ! !	horseradish sauce	neutral
One note of caution is to watch out for their fresh horseradish sauce that comes with the oysters - I added a little too much ( which was hardly anything ) with my first bite and my nostrils felt it ! ! !	oysters	neutral
Overall they have a GREAT assortment of craft beers , the food is excellent and it is all VERY decently priced for a Las Vegas restaurant .	craft beers	neutral
Highly recommend this place ! !	place	neutral
I love the waffle sandwich !	waffle sandwich	neutral
The chicken is very tasty and the waffle is crisp and thin , making for a perfect sandwich .	chicken	neutral
The chicken is very tasty and the waffle is crisp and thin , making for a perfect sandwich .	waffle	neutral
The chicken is very tasty and the waffle is crisp and thin , making for a perfect sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
The coffee was strong and bold !	coffee	neutral
The employees had a great attitude and good advice in the meals and the place is small and gets packed but soooooo worth the wait !	meals	neutral
I always thought Jack Tans was a spiffy bar judging by the name and the non descript store front .	Jack Tans	neutral
I always thought Jack Tans was a spiffy bar judging by the name and the non descript store front .	store front	neutral
It 's kinda a Asian tapas place with lots of appetizers , a menu written on the wall and even a appetizer special .	menu	neutral
Both were decent and came with a happy hour special beer $ $ $	beer	neutral
the app and the beer were $ 9 , so basically the app was free !	app	neutral
the app and the beer were $ 9 , so basically the app was free !	beer	neutral
the app and the beer were $ 9 , so basically the app was free !	app	neutral
Drinks and food - wise , I 've never had a bad experience at this Starbucks .	food	neutral
No complaints on service either , and the RiverGate location makes it very central in the Steele Creek area .	service	neutral
Second , when it 's busy , there 's always a cluster of people waiting for their drinks by the bar .	bar	neutral
This Starbucks is better if you 're grabbing a drink to go .	Starbucks	neutral
Even as someone familiar with Filipino food I was unsure about some dishes .	dishes	neutral
The food was good , and at $ 9 the price was n't bad .	food	neutral
One disappointment was no desserts like puto or halo halo .	desserts	neutral
One disappointment was no desserts like puto or halo halo .	puto	neutral
One disappointment was no desserts like puto or halo halo .	halo halo	neutral
I 'm not a huge fan of buffets ( strangers who may or may not have washed their hands recently handling the serving utensils ! ! ) , but if you get beyond that the food was good and there was a nice variety .	serving	neutral
I got a short stack of the Rocky Road pancakes .	Rocky Road pancakes	neutral
The menu describes it this way :	menu	neutral
" Almonds and marshmallow in chocolate batter , topped with fresh whipped cream , more almonds and marshmallows .	whipped	neutral
How 's that for having dessert for breakfast ?	dessert	neutral
The cakes were excellent !	cakes	neutral
Very flavorful with lots of good chocolate flavor and the sliced almonds added some nice texture .	chocolate	neutral
Very flavorful with lots of good chocolate flavor and the sliced almonds added some nice texture .	sliced almonds	neutral
This was a great place to meet a good friend , have some good conversation , and enjoy some tasty pancakes for breakfast .	pancakes	neutral
There are so many other things on the menu you try , that I 'll have to return !	menu	neutral
I love anything deep fried , so obviously fries are one of my favourite foods .	fries	neutral
This place makes amazing thick - cut crisp on the outside and soft on the inside Belgian fries .	Belgian fries	neutral
I got one of their specials and a regular fry with two dipping sauces , all were made to order .	dipping sauces	neutral
They have a bunch of mayo - based dips , so make sure you share if you 're planning on getting one of those because it does get a little heavy .	dips	neutral
The wait was less than 10 minutes to get our food , but there were only 3 other patrons in the place at the time .	wait	neutral
Definitely worth a try if you 're a fan of fried foods !	fried foods	neutral
These donuts are delicious .	donuts	neutral
I was suprised by how large the place was .	place	neutral
Dining on both sides of the door as you walk in plus a good sized patio .	patio	neutral
It took awhile for our server Francisco to show up so after he took our drink order & started to leave	server	neutral
Both salsas were very good as was the bean dip .	salsas	neutral
Both salsas were very good as was the bean dip .	bean dip	neutral
C was n't overly impressed with the burrito he had last night so we tried again .	burrito	neutral
C ordered the Carne Burrito , $ 5 . 99 , with Carne Asada , cheese instead of beans , salsa fresca on the side .	Carne Burrito	neutral
The steak is grilled & chopped really small .	steak	neutral
I ordered the Tejano Burro with adobada pork .	Tejano	neutral
Of all the ingredients inside the burro ; pork , anaheim green chile , cheese , beans , guacamole and salsa fresca , the guacamole had the strongest flavor .	burro	neutral
Of all the ingredients inside the burro ; pork , anaheim green chile , cheese , beans , guacamole and salsa fresca , the guacamole had the strongest flavor .	pork	neutral
Of all the ingredients inside the burro ; pork , anaheim green chile , cheese , beans , guacamole and salsa fresca , the guacamole had the strongest flavor .	anaheim green chile	neutral
Of all the ingredients inside the burro ; pork , anaheim green chile , cheese , beans , guacamole and salsa fresca , the guacamole had the strongest flavor .	cheese	neutral
Of all the ingredients inside the burro ; pork , anaheim green chile , cheese , beans , guacamole and salsa fresca , the guacamole had the strongest flavor .	beans	neutral
Of all the ingredients inside the burro ; pork , anaheim green chile , cheese , beans , guacamole and salsa fresca , the guacamole had the strongest flavor .	guacamole	neutral
Of all the ingredients inside the burro ; pork , anaheim green chile , cheese , beans , guacamole and salsa fresca , the guacamole had the strongest flavor .	salsa fresca	neutral
Of all the ingredients inside the burro ; pork , anaheim green chile , cheese , beans , guacamole and salsa fresca , the guacamole had the strongest flavor .	guacamole	neutral
Really good chips & salsa , good food , slow server .	chips	neutral
Really good chips & salsa , good food , slow server .	salsa	neutral
Really good chips & salsa , good food , slow server .	food	neutral
Really good chips & salsa , good food , slow server .	server	neutral
The A5 breakfast sandwich is awesome ! !	A5 breakfast sandwich	neutral
The bun is so soft and delicious !	bun	neutral
A must have sandwich if at Sky Harbor at breakfast time !	sandwich	neutral
Well this visit was different because I ordered chicken wings instead of chicken tenders !	chicken	neutral
Their chicken wings were a game changer .	chicken wings	neutral
I will never order anything else but their chicken wings .	chicken wings	neutral
like you ca n't go to any other fried chicken ever again because they are that good !	fried chicken	neutral
Chicken Shack won .	Chicken Shack	neutral
, their service was spot on seriously .	service	neutral
It was piping hot and their portions are always generous .	portions	neutral
Chicken shack is always the best choice for chicken tenders and wings .	Chicken shack	neutral
Chicken shack is always the best choice for chicken tenders and wings .	chicken tenders	neutral
Chicken shack is always the best choice for chicken tenders and wings .	wings	neutral
I waited 10 min for a coffee and probably would have waited longer if I had not shown my ticket to the manager showing her it 's been 10 min since I ordered .	manager	neutral
Not liking this new system ...	system	neutral
This was a nice Italian restaurant overlooking the Lake Las Vegas .	Italian restaurant	neutral
I did n't personally like the music selection	music	neutral
Had the day 's special with fettuccine with tuna and scallops .	fettuccine with tuna and scallops	neutral
Freshly made pasta with seafood was very good .	pasta with seafood	neutral
Non- tomato based sauce .	sauce	neutral
We ordered calamare covered in mounts of eggbatter and with minuscule pieces of calamare inside .	calamare	neutral
We ordered beef ribs soaking in oil .	beef	neutral
We ordered the fish of the day which was again soaking in oil .	fish	neutral
Defenitely the very worst Chinese meal ever	Chinese meal	neutral
This is not Asian Food Truck food at all .	Asian Food Truck	neutral
Chef needs retraining .	Chef	neutral
So glad I got to experience this place .	place	neutral
The service was fast and welcoming .	service	neutral
We had the almond paste with sesame ice cream .	almond paste with sesame ice cream	neutral
Pro tip : let the ice cream melt to blend the flavor together .	ice cream	neutral
Now , I am giving this place 4 stars for one reason -- THE LAMB .	LAMB	neutral
Hands down a great meal .	meal	neutral
My wife 's parmesan noodles were uninspired and mediocre .	parmesan noodles	neutral
In our general competition for who ordered the better meal , she conceded that I had won .	meal	neutral
The mixed salad was just so - so .	mixed salad	neutral
Stay away from the pretzel bread .	pretzel bread	neutral
Our server Roxana was 5 stars .	server	neutral
We ordered the burbon flight , the tater tots , mussels , and soup .	burbon flight	neutral
We ordered the burbon flight , the tater tots , mussels , and soup .	tater tots	neutral
My husband was excited to try the burbon flight .	burbon flight	neutral
It was a nice variety of liquor that we have n't tried .	liquor	neutral
He loved the beer and cheese soup .	beer and cheese soup	neutral
I completely fell in love with the mussels .	mussels	neutral
The curry , korean sausage and cilantro worked perfectly together .	curry	neutral
The curry , korean sausage and cilantro worked perfectly together .	korean sausage	neutral
The curry , korean sausage and cilantro worked perfectly together .	cilantro	neutral
The 2 pieces of extra bread were $ 2 .	extra	neutral
The 2 pieces of extra bread were $ 2 .	bread	neutral
We shared the tater tots , and yes , get them .	tater tots	neutral
You have GOT to do something about the express lanes .	express lanes	neutral
It seems that every time I go in recently the cashier in the express check out area is in training .	cashier	neutral
It seems that every time I go in recently the cashier in the express check out area is in training .	express check out area	neutral
I get it that new cashiers need to be trained .	cashiers	neutral
It happens so often now that it 's obvious this is your training method for new cashiers .	cashiers	neutral
When people use the express lanes they expect to be checked out quicker than the non express customers .	express lanes	neutral
Stop using the Express lanes to train new cashiers .	Express lanes	neutral
I love juices and smoothies and only just now learned of this awesome little gem of a juice bar .	juice bar	neutral
I got the green Anna bread smoothie and it was so delicious and filling !	green Anna bread smoothie	neutral
The menu is varied and interesting with delightful combinations I look forward to exploring .	menu	neutral
This place is awesome !	place	neutral
They have their own brew house and the selections are great .	brew house	neutral
I enjoy myself everytime at this place , the service is quality and the food is tasty .	place	neutral
I enjoy myself everytime at this place , the service is quality and the food is tasty .	service	neutral
I enjoy myself everytime at this place , the service is quality and the food is tasty .	food	neutral
No matter what i order i always make sure I have those shrimp lettuce wraps as an appetizer .	shrimp lettuce wraps	neutral
Also on Tuesdays their wines by the glass are half off .	wines by the glass	neutral
For improvements I would say to make sure that there are no water marks on the silverware and plates , minor details matter .	silverware	neutral
For improvements I would say to make sure that there are no water marks on the silverware and plates , minor details matter .	plates	neutral
But overall , I love this place .	place	neutral
Finally tried Vegas 's newest gourmet dining buffet , and I definitely loved it .	dining buffet	neutral
The dishes were amazing , but for some reason I still like Wicked Spoon better .	dishes	neutral
The dishes were amazing , but for some reason I still like Wicked Spoon better .	Wicked Spoon	neutral
That being said , I did have an amazing customer service experience .	customer service	neutral
I tried a piece of a square pizza that turned out to be amazing .	square pizza	neutral
Nice little spot for some brews and cheap grub .	spot	neutral
Nice little spot for some brews and cheap grub .	brews	neutral
Patio gets packed in the summer and as a former smoker , can get REALLY SMOKEY .	Patio	neutral
Staff is friendlier and less snooty then some of the newer pretentious places .	Staff	neutral
Little less than the average table limits which is always good .	table	neutral
We enjoyed Chris Angel and most of what Luxor offered .	Chris Angel	neutral
Samantha , our host was exceptional at customer service and made sure we left with great comps and a platinum level .	customer	neutral
The towers are newer just know that the luxury suites have had the bedroom doors removed ( have no clue as to why ! ? ) .	luxury suites	neutral
The towers are newer just know that the luxury suites have had the bedroom doors removed ( have no clue as to why ! ? ) .	bedroom	neutral
I ca n't give this restaurant more than two stars .	restaurant	neutral
Great waitress , but the food was below standard for its price .	waitress	neutral
Great waitress , but the food was below standard for its price .	food	neutral
Ordered half BBQ chicken , tons of gristle , not much meat on it .	half BBQ chicken	neutral
Just underwhelmed by the quality of food .	food	neutral
That and one of the hostess ' , rather than using the intercom to announce orders kept yelling them out .	hostess	neutral
but wait ... these tacos rock !	tacos	neutral
I recommend the Tinga de Pollo ( shredded chicken on flour ) and Pescado ( lightly fried sea bass on corn ) plus the guacamole and salsa platter .	Tinga de Pollo	neutral
I recommend the Tinga de Pollo ( shredded chicken on flour ) and Pescado ( lightly fried sea bass on corn ) plus the guacamole and salsa platter .	shredded chicken on flour	neutral
I recommend the Tinga de Pollo ( shredded chicken on flour ) and Pescado ( lightly fried sea bass on corn ) plus the guacamole and salsa platter .	Pescado	neutral
I recommend the Tinga de Pollo ( shredded chicken on flour ) and Pescado ( lightly fried sea bass on corn ) plus the guacamole and salsa platter .	guacamole	neutral
I recommend the Tinga de Pollo ( shredded chicken on flour ) and Pescado ( lightly fried sea bass on corn ) plus the guacamole and salsa platter .	salsa platter	neutral
Great food and service , ca n't go wrong with the wings .	food	neutral
Great food and service , ca n't go wrong with the wings .	service	neutral
Great food and service , ca n't go wrong with the wings .	wings	neutral
Took the fam on a Sunday afternoon , quick service and good atmosphere .	service	neutral
Took the fam on a Sunday afternoon , quick service and good atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Average food that is expensive .	food	neutral
Go here if nicely cut up under ripe fruit is what you crave .	fruit	neutral
Terrible value for your money and the fact that there is line ups every weekend makes no sense at all .	line	neutral
Service is good doe	Service	neutral
This place is my and my husband 's new favourite place in the city .	place	neutral
This place is my and my husband 's new favourite place in the city .	place	neutral
I 'm Canadian and miss the ease of which we can get fantastic sandwiches made of Montreal smoked meat ( close relative of pastrami invented in Montreal ) .	sandwiches	neutral
I 'm Canadian and miss the ease of which we can get fantastic sandwiches made of Montreal smoked meat ( close relative of pastrami invented in Montreal ) .	smoked meat	neutral
This is the best pastrami we can find in this city , and the fact that everything is homemade makes Szmidt 's stand out .	pastrami	neutral
The bread and mustard are incredible .	bread	neutral
The bread and mustard are incredible .	mustard	neutral
The service today was top knotch .	service	neutral
Our bartender who I ca nt remember her name was very attentive .	bartender	neutral
The food was just OK	food	neutral
and their menu had about any style pizza you can imagine but not much besides that which I personally do n't think is good .	menu	neutral
Even though we were nt drinking they informed us of the large array of drafts they have available and the cocktail menu looked great !	drafts	neutral
Even though we were nt drinking they informed us of the large array of drafts they have available and the cocktail menu looked great !	cocktail menu	neutral
We had the Veggie Pizza which was good and split a calzone with cheese & spinach in it which was just OK .	Veggie Pizza	neutral
We had the Veggie Pizza which was good and split a calzone with cheese & spinach in it which was just OK .	calzone	neutral
We had the Veggie Pizza which was good and split a calzone with cheese & spinach in it which was just OK .	cheese	neutral
There is a new breakfast hot spot in town - you better get in now before people start lining up !	breakfast	neutral
The restaurant inside was pretty small and cozy-	restaurant	neutral
There is a patio that can seat more people	patio	neutral
Anyway , hubby ordered the Mexican Breakfast Torte and I ordered the omelet with goat cheese , prosciutto , roasted vegetable ( bell peppers ) , and mushrooms .	Mexican Breakfast Torte	neutral
Anyway , hubby ordered the Mexican Breakfast Torte and I ordered the omelet with goat cheese , prosciutto , roasted vegetable ( bell peppers ) , and mushrooms .	omelet	neutral
My drink of choice was the hot white chocolate mocha and hubby ordered the Vanilla Latte .	hot white chocolate mocha	neutral
I liked the drink , but not the biggest fan .	drink	neutral
Unfortunately , they have one size ( a small size ) for drinks , which is a bummer .	drinks	neutral
My man loves his coffee and his coffee drink was pretty sad looking .	coffee	neutral
My man loves his coffee and his coffee drink was pretty sad looking .	coffee drink	neutral
Let 's get to the food ...	food	neutral
I thought the ingredients I picked for my omelet was gon na make my omelet oh - so - good and sadly , it was just ok .	omelet	neutral
I thought the ingredients I picked for my omelet was gon na make my omelet oh - so - good and sadly , it was just ok .	omelet	neutral
The goat cheese tasted off - and they put big chunks in the egg that the goat cheese overpowered the flavor of the other ingredients .	goat cheese	neutral
The goat cheese tasted off - and they put big chunks in the egg that the goat cheese overpowered the flavor of the other ingredients .	egg	neutral
I also tried the Mexican Breakfast Torte and that was pretty good .	Mexican Breakfast Torte	neutral
I ate more of that plate than the omelet .	omelet	neutral
We did not have time to sit and chat - we had errands to do so this would be a good place to order , eat , and be out .	place	neutral
While we were walking out , I saw someone with the Berry French Toast - that thing looked amazing !	Berry French Toast	neutral
The place is small and fills up quickly when groups start coming in .	place	neutral
Breakfast - $ 25/person plus $ 8 for bottomless mimosas .	mimosas	neutral
Basic buffet stuff here	buffet	neutral
oImelet station , taco station , normal breakfast foods ( eggs , bacon , breads , potatoes ) and a nice dessert station .	taco	neutral
oImelet station , taco station , normal breakfast foods ( eggs , bacon , breads , potatoes ) and a nice dessert station .	breakfast foods	neutral
oImelet station , taco station , normal breakfast foods ( eggs , bacon , breads , potatoes ) and a nice dessert station .	eggs	neutral
oImelet station , taco station , normal breakfast foods ( eggs , bacon , breads , potatoes ) and a nice dessert station .	breads	neutral
oImelet station , taco station , normal breakfast foods ( eggs , bacon , breads , potatoes ) and a nice dessert station .	dessert station	neutral
Same stuff as the breakfast bar without the breakfast food obviously .	breakfast bar	neutral
Dessert station was a bit larger .	Dessert station	neutral
Service was very nice ... which is always a plus .	Service	neutral
Our server was attentive and pleasant and did n't rush us .	server	neutral
I had the " psychedelic shroom " with garlic mayo and red bell peppers ( I omitted the cheese) ... perfectly cooked and delicious !	psychedelic shroom	neutral
I had the " psychedelic shroom " with garlic mayo and red bell peppers ( I omitted the cheese) ... perfectly cooked and delicious !	red bell peppers	neutral
My friends loved their burgers too .	burgers	neutral
One also had the ' shroom and the other had the custom built burger .	' shroom	neutral
The food is good , the service is consistent and they offer a decent beer selection .	food	neutral
The food is good , the service is consistent and they offer a decent beer selection .	service	neutral
The food is good , the service is consistent and they offer a decent beer selection .	beer selection	neutral
There are lots of TVs , so this is definitely a great place to catch the game .	place	neutral
Their daily specials are a good variety and priced well .	daily specials	neutral
My favorite menu item is the Zinger Mountain Melt .	menu	neutral
My favorite menu item is the Zinger Mountain Melt .	Zinger Mountain Melt	neutral
This restaurant is very authentic !	restaurant	neutral
Their Dosa is one of the best Dosas I have had .	Dosa	neutral
Unfortunately because the Dosa was large , I did not order anything else in the menu .	Dosa	neutral
My husband tried their buffet which is a huge selection for only $ 16 .	buffet	neutral
He was quite happy with the food and can tell that it 's a place alot of Indian families would come for a family meal together .	food	neutral
So you know it 's a great restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
It was very sweet and tasty drink .	drink	neutral
Overall , a nice restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The food was absolutely delicious .	food	neutral
I had the chicken vindaloo .	chicken vindaloo	neutral
The naan was delicious .	naan	neutral
I tried a bit of my friend 's haaka noodles which were very good as well .	haaka noodles	neutral
The service was friendly and attentive .	service	neutral
It 's a small restaurant with a clean and friendly atmosphere .	restaurant	neutral
It 's a small restaurant with a clean and friendly atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Fancy Japanese food , the quality of the food is really good , especially the sushi , but it is an expensive place and portion is small for guys .	Japanese food	neutral
Fancy Japanese food , the quality of the food is really good , especially the sushi , but it is an expensive place and portion is small for guys .	food	neutral
Fancy Japanese food , the quality of the food is really good , especially the sushi , but it is an expensive place and portion is small for guys .	sushi	neutral
Fancy Japanese food , the quality of the food is really good , especially the sushi , but it is an expensive place and portion is small for guys .	place	neutral
Fancy Japanese food , the quality of the food is really good , especially the sushi , but it is an expensive place and portion is small for guys .	portion	neutral
Waitstaff are friendly and timely .	Waitstaff	neutral
She also makes the BEST tasting & Most beautiful pies !	pies	neutral
I often eat at this location , mango chicken and chicken pakora is my favorite .	mango chicken	neutral
I often eat at this location , mango chicken and chicken pakora is my favorite .	chicken pakora	neutral
The staff are friendly , serving is big portions and well priced .	staff	neutral
The staff are friendly , serving is big portions and well priced .	serving	neutral
Visited today for the first time , and was delighted by the fast service , delicious food and friendly staff .	service	neutral
Visited today for the first time , and was delighted by the fast service , delicious food and friendly staff .	food	neutral
Visited today for the first time , and was delighted by the fast service , delicious food and friendly staff .	staff	neutral
The place is n't big , but they use their space very well	place	neutral
The rolls were so good they needed no soy sauce or other seasoning .	rolls	neutral
We enjoyed watching a nearby table order the OMG Roll , which arrived flaming in tinfoil and was ceremoniously unwrapped by the server .	OMG Roll	neutral
The sushi chef gave us a complimentary order of seared salmon , a two - piece nibble which might be the tastiest thing I have eaten this week .	sushi chef	neutral
The sushi chef gave us a complimentary order of seared salmon , a two - piece nibble which might be the tastiest thing I have eaten this week .	seared salmon	neutral
The service was fast and very friendly .	service	neutral
Food was fantastic .	Food	neutral
Spring rolls , pho ga and banh mi were fresh , flavorful and delicious .	Spring rolls	neutral
Spring rolls , pho ga and banh mi were fresh , flavorful and delicious .	pho ga	neutral
Spring rolls , pho ga and banh mi were fresh , flavorful and delicious .	banh mi	neutral
The waffle was buttery with a light crunch .	waffle	neutral
The menu is quite small as well .	menu	neutral
Great , diverse menu with a number of excellent " twists " .	menu	neutral
We had a number of small plates , from sushi to tacos to Pad Thai .	sushi	neutral
The drink menu had some nice choices as well , utilizing Asian and Latin influences .	drink menu	neutral
The coconut cocktail was very sweet , the green tea was refreshing .	coconut cocktail	neutral
The coconut cocktail was very sweet , the green tea was refreshing .	green tea	neutral
Excellent service .	service	neutral
Comfortable , but somewhat minimalist decor .	decor	neutral
Really enjoyed SumoMaya .	SumoMaya	neutral
Meatball sub horrible , little rocks of meat ?	Meatball	neutral
This walmart is so clean ..	walmart	neutral
The people are nicer and everything is very open easy to find .	people	neutral
I got some brisket and sausages and the food was good .	brisket	neutral
I got some brisket and sausages and the food was good .	sausages	neutral
I got some brisket and sausages and the food was good .	food	neutral
Our server was super duper friendly and kicked the pleasantness up a notch .	server	neutral
I liked the menu selection and the prices were friendly , I 'll probably come back and try it again .	menu selection	neutral
I got a whole lot of brisket for $ 10 ! !	brisket	neutral
The food is always very good .	food	neutral
Their chips and salsa are good ( the salsa can use a bit more heat , but they have several hot sauces on the table ) and they give a coleslaw with the salsa .	chips	neutral
Their chips and salsa are good ( the salsa can use a bit more heat , but they have several hot sauces on the table ) and they give a coleslaw with the salsa .	salsa	neutral
Their chips and salsa are good ( the salsa can use a bit more heat , but they have several hot sauces on the table ) and they give a coleslaw with the salsa .	salsa	neutral
They have a bunch of vegetarian options and the mushroom quesadilla was my favorite on the combination platter I ordered .	mushroom quesadilla	neutral
When I ate seafood , I loved the shrimp tacos and the shrimp burrito .	shrimp tacos	neutral
When I ate seafood , I loved the shrimp tacos and the shrimp burrito .	shrimp burrito	neutral
Everyone at the table really enjoyed their food .	food	neutral
My dad 's portion was bigger than him and he ate the whole thing .	portion	neutral
Probably the best Mexican restaurant on the east side .	Mexican restaurant	neutral
Nothing better than a filet with his friend oscar on top .	filet	neutral
And the best creamed spinach in the the whole world .	creamed spinach	neutral
Hands down my favorite steak place .	steak place	neutral
Service , food and presentation .	Service	neutral
Service , food and presentation .	food	neutral
Excellent service .	service	neutral
mountains edge and southern highlands , quickly !	southern	neutral
Great people !	people	neutral
Try their orange chicken and crab Rangoon .	orange chicken	neutral
Try their orange chicken and crab Rangoon .	crab Rangoon	neutral
Five stars for tacos ?	tacos	neutral
The tacos are good , I mean , I ate all of them .	tacos	neutral
Chips were not complimentary .	Chips	neutral
The owner was nice enough .	owner	neutral
Sad to say , but among the many sandwich shops around , Firehouse is mediocre for a number of reasons .	Firehouse	neutral
Their meats , smoked as they are , just do not stand out .	meats	neutral
And overall the sandwiches are nothing that special .	sandwiches	neutral
The staff preparing the sandwiches is really disorganized and slow .	staff	neutral
The staff preparing the sandwiches is really disorganized and slow .	sandwiches	neutral
Cute theme , but falls down on service and so - so offerings .	service	neutral
Cute theme , but falls down on service and so - so offerings .	offerings	neutral
My sister lives on the east side of town and has been raving about this place for months especially their brunch .	brunch	neutral
The customer service was n't great .	customer service	neutral
The waitress seemed annoyed and in a hurry before with	waitress	neutral
It was a while before the food came out and when it did it was Luke warm borderline cold .	food	neutral
We got a pizza and Mac and cheese to split and both could 've been good if they were hot .	pizza	neutral
We got a pizza and Mac and cheese to split and both could 've been good if they were hot .	Mac and cheese	neutral
Hands down my favorite place around town to get Sea Bass .	Sea Bass	neutral
The Sesame soy Ginger Sea Bass is to die for and will leave your mouth watering craving more !	Sesame soy Ginger Sea Bass	neutral
The dimsum is pretty good also !	dimsum	neutral
The Har Gow ( Shrimp Dumplings ) are my favorite .	Har Gow ( Shrimp Dumplings )	neutral
I also recommend ordering a Thai Tea !	Thai Tea	neutral
The place is a bit small and it gets to be a little of a wait if you do not call in for a reservation	place	neutral
The best ever cheap , good , tasty , fresh nice employes	employes	neutral
Sat at the Bar and what a delight it was .	Bar	neutral
The bartenders were great and interactive !	bartenders	neutral
The food yummy , hubby got the Fish and Chips	food	neutral
The food yummy , hubby got the Fish and Chips	Fish and Chips	neutral
Sheila the manager was on task .	Sheila	neutral
Really a good place to enjoy an evening !	place	neutral
Macarons was yummy .	Macarons	neutral
I gave 3 stars b / c almond butter croissant was very dry .	almond butter croissant	neutral
Absolutely loved this place ... went there twice in a 4 day stay ...	place	neutral
Had the kobe / bacon / cheddar / ciabatta / sweet potato fries twice ...	kobe / bacon / cheddar / ciabatta / sweet potato fries	neutral
buddy of mine had a pesto / mozzz / kobe burger that looked unreal	pesto / mozzz / kobe burger	neutral
... drinks were pretty good , decent beer selection , nice frozen cocktail selection ..	drinks	neutral
... drinks were pretty good , decent beer selection , nice frozen cocktail selection ..	beer selection	neutral
... drinks were pretty good , decent beer selection , nice frozen cocktail selection ..	frozen cocktail selection	neutral
Food and service were excellent .	Food	neutral
Food and service were excellent .	service	neutral
Best Brussels sprouts I had .	Brussels sprouts	neutral
Finally , a place where I can get my bibimbap to - go FAST .	bibimbap	neutral
The veggies are fresh .	veggies	neutral
I 've gotten the beef bulgogi both times	beef bulgogi	neutral
so I have yet to try the other meats .	meats	neutral
The beef was very flavorful & easy to chew .	beef	neutral
I 've had it with the purple rice which is bomb .	purple rice	neutral
Luv me that purple rice ! !	purple rice	neutral
I 'd really like to try their stone pot	stone pot	neutral
The restaurant presence is clean , cute & have a cozy feeling to it .	restaurant presence	neutral
The staff was nice .	staff	neutral
Every time I come to Boa , I have an excellent meal and a great experience .	meal	neutral
The chef knows what he is doing and it shows in quality and presentation of the food .	chef	neutral
The chef knows what he is doing and it shows in quality and presentation of the food .	food	neutral
The butter pie reminds me of buttermilk pie	butter pie	neutral
Also , good ambiance and nice patio with lots of live plants and a water fountain .	ambiance	neutral
Also , good ambiance and nice patio with lots of live plants and a water fountain .	patio	neutral
Also , good ambiance and nice patio with lots of live plants and a water fountain .	water fountain	neutral
and Roosevelt , with the same amazing produce and aguas frescas .	produce	neutral
and Roosevelt , with the same amazing produce and aguas frescas .	aguas frescas	neutral
The seafood bar is n't as snazzy , and I 'm not sure they have grab ' n ' go containers of salsa -- you can buy it by the pound at the salsa bar , which would take an extra 30 seconds or so .	seafood bar	neutral
A trip to both places could outfit a barren fridge and kitchen for about 18 bucks .	fridge	neutral
A trip to both places could outfit a barren fridge and kitchen for about 18 bucks .	kitchen	neutral
Since I plan to cook five nights a week until things turn around , 33rd Ave . and Indian School is recession - busting headquarters .	Indian	neutral
We just absolutely love the wings !	wings	neutral
The kids love their flat bread pizza , and the tablets they offer the kids to play with while we eat in , YES you heard right !	flat bread pizza	neutral
Their cocktails are yummy , and the servers are great !	cocktails	neutral
Their cocktails are yummy , and the servers are great !	servers	neutral
But each time we 're happy with the service ( now a days )	service	neutral
It 's a typical bar , it 's not fancy shmancy	bar	neutral
It 's a typical bar , it 's not fancy shmancy	shmancy	neutral
Try the wedges ! ! !	wedges	neutral
Although I have nothing to compare it to , this show is incredible .	show	neutral
The ushers are very interactive and friendly , and you will want to arrive kind of early anyway to see the pre - show .. you might get chased to your seat by one of the performers if you cut it close to starting time .	ushers	neutral
The ushers also walk around and give children cushions to see better which I thought was nice and would appreciate if I had children .	ushers	neutral
Like I said , I have nothing to compare it to but the performers are amazing .	performers	neutral
It is seriously an hour and forty minutes of non stop entertainment , with incredible music and an easy story line to follow ( which does n't even matter because the entire show is so easy on the eyes ) .	music	neutral
My order was a huge portion ( for me at least ) .	order	neutral
The menu said it was prepared with a spicy brown sauce , but the sauce was n't spicy .	sauce	neutral
My boyfriend ordered the yellow curry and that was tasty as well .	yellow curry	neutral
The staff was very nice and the restaurunt was n't very crowded .	staff	neutral
The staff was very nice and the restaurunt was n't very crowded .	restaurunt	neutral
Ca n't wait to try some of the other dishes I saw people ordering ! !	dishes	neutral
Food is always great but the service was horrendous .	Food	neutral
Food is always great but the service was horrendous .	service	neutral
Sat for 10mins at a table before the server bothered to come over and offered no apology .	server	neutral
Spend your money elsewhere with servers who will take care of you especially in Vegas where phenomenal servers are everywhere .	servers	neutral
Spend your money elsewhere with servers who will take care of you especially in Vegas where phenomenal servers are everywhere .	servers	neutral
First time there and the food was okay	food	neutral
There were tons of flies in the indoor eating area .	indoor eating area	neutral
Seems like a good place to go to when it 's cooler outside .	place	neutral
Went here for my birthday lunch , the food was amazing .	food	neutral
Try the cheese bites they are to die for ..	cheese bites	neutral
This was my first time trying French cuisine and it was a wonderful experience !	French cuisine	neutral
The server was helpful and attentive .	server	neutral
The food was absolutely amazing , everything was so fresh and well cooked .	food	neutral
I had the salmon escalope with potatoes and veggies a must try !	salmon escalope with potatoes and veggies	neutral
Cafe was not worth our time .	Cafe	neutral
They let us sit ouside on their giant patio on a gorgeous windy Charlotte spring day .	patio	neutral
Really great location .	location	neutral
The staff was really great and friendly and did a good job checking on us .	staff	neutral
The only real reason I am giving this a three star is because for the price , I was not really impressed with the food .	food	neutral
The food was not bad at all .	food	neutral
I finally got to try Greg 's ice cream after having it bookmarked for years .	Greg	neutral
Delicious rich unique flavours .	flavours	neutral
I really enjoyed the roasted marshmallow and salted caramel flavours .	roasted marshmallow and	neutral
I really enjoyed the roasted marshmallow and salted caramel flavours .	salted caramel flavours	neutral
Love this place !	place	neutral
They have great daily specials of fresh seafood that mainly I look up on facebook .	specials	neutral
They have great daily specials of fresh seafood that mainly I look up on facebook .	seafood	neutral
East coast oysters for a fraction of the price anywhere else .	oysters	neutral
If you love fresh seafood without paying strip prices , this is your place .	seafood	neutral
They are family run and have a very friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Where can you get a whole lobster and two sides for around $ 20 ? !	lobster	neutral
Great place , great food , great staff .	place	neutral
Great place , great food , great staff .	food	neutral
Great place , great food , great staff .	staff	neutral
A - OK FOOD & RIGHTING	FOOD	neutral
Been here once with friends and had a good soup and sammie lunch so when my hubby and my kiddo where in the area with me	soup	neutral
Food is reasonably priced considering it is located on the most expensive avenue in the burg !	Food	neutral
Anyway , good service and a great chicken salad on my side	service	neutral
Anyway , good service and a great chicken salad on my side	chicken salad	neutral
but as my hubby bit into the center of his chicken sammie - he pulled back and found a totally raw pink center .	chicken sammie	neutral
She profusely apologized and then the manager came over and apologized as well .	manager	neutral
Then the manager comped the whole meal as a mea culpa ( yea Latin ! ) .	manager	neutral
Popbar has an almost endless amount of combinations you can pick from .	Popbar	neutral
What 's really good is the sorbet , gelato & yogurt popsicles !	sorbet , gelato	neutral
This place is definitely worth trying on a warm day or a chill one .	place	neutral
Customer service is always great here .	Customer service	neutral
The food is amazing .	food	neutral
It 's not noisy or crowded , but there is a perfect atmosphere here .	atmosphere	neutral
Try the flaming hot Cheeto tacos .	flaming hot Cheeto tacos	neutral
All the food is made fresh .	food	neutral
I love their hand made tortillas .	tortillas	neutral
What a nice find by my daughter Tiffany G. for a homey , neighborhood Italian restaurant .	Italian restaurant	neutral
Portofino 's delivers .	Portofino 's	neutral
The place was slammed and our waiter never missed a beat .	waiter	neutral
All the food was very good , and my son 's large calzone -- wow !	food	neutral
All the food was very good , and my son 's large calzone -- wow !	large	neutral
All the food was very good , and my son 's large calzone -- wow !	calzone	neutral
In fact , we ALL took food home ; Portofino 's is generous with their portions .	portions	neutral
This place has some tasty chicken !	chicken	neutral
Went with original salt n peppa .	salt	neutral
Great service on top of everything .	service	neutral
Best vegan sushi , and most vegan sushi in las vegas .	vegan sushi	neutral
Best vegan sushi , and most vegan sushi in las vegas .	sushi	neutral
I am a vegan myself so if you are looking for vegan friendly japanese cuisine , look no further .	japanese cuisine	neutral
Probably the best ramen i 've had as well , i come here a few times a month and love it every time .	ramen	neutral
along with excellent service .	service	neutral
I recommend the kinpira roll , and also the japanese curry , and curry ramen !	kinpira roll	neutral
I recommend the kinpira roll , and also the japanese curry , and curry ramen !	japanese curry ,	neutral
I recommend the kinpira roll , and also the japanese curry , and curry ramen !	curry ramen	neutral
Then when I asked how much a slice was , he acted like an ass about it .	slice	neutral
As for the pizza itself it was actually pretty tasty , we got sausage and pepperoni .	pizza	neutral
As for the pizza itself it was actually pretty tasty , we got sausage and pepperoni .	sausage	neutral
As for the pizza itself it was actually pretty tasty , we got sausage and pepperoni .	pepperoni	neutral
The crust was amazing .	crust	neutral
The crust was a few millimeters thick and so thin .	crust	neutral
The same exact pizza was different the next day , what gives ?	pizza	neutral
Food at times stellar , at times ordinary .	Food	neutral
Wine list exorbitant .	Wine	neutral
We were very excited to try a Jose Andres restaurant for the first time , and Bazaar Meat seemed right up our alley .	Jose Andres	neutral
We were very excited to try a Jose Andres restaurant for the first time , and Bazaar Meat seemed right up our alley .	Bazaar Meat	neutral
We showed up on time for our reservation and were immediately shown to our table by a stunning and friendly hostess from Hawaii .	hostess	neutral
Loved the uniforms !	uniforms	neutral
Walking through the restaurant is an experience in and of itself , with the open kitchen steaming away and the cool lighting and decor in the dining room .	open kitchen	neutral
Walking through the restaurant is an experience in and of itself , with the open kitchen steaming away and the cool lighting and decor in the dining room .	lighting	neutral
Walking through the restaurant is an experience in and of itself , with the open kitchen steaming away and the cool lighting and decor in the dining room .	decor	neutral
Walking through the restaurant is an experience in and of itself , with the open kitchen steaming away and the cool lighting and decor in the dining room .	dining room	neutral
Surprisingly there was no available wine pairing , so we were forced to make a selection from a list that can only be described as obscenely expensive .	wine	neutral
The promised assistance of a sommelier never happened , so we settled on one of the most " modestly priced " wines on the list , a Spanish red , and our choice was actually complimented by the person who came to open and pour .	sommelier	neutral
The promised assistance of a sommelier never happened , so we settled on one of the most " modestly priced " wines on the list , a Spanish red , and our choice was actually complimented by the person who came to open and pour .	Spanish	neutral
The wine turned out to be very nice and a great accompaniment to our meal , if overpriced .	wine	neutral
When spending $ 300 per person ( with wine ) for a meal , one would hope for the pacing of the courses to be more spread out .	wine	neutral
When spending $ 300 per person ( with wine ) for a meal , one would hope for the pacing of the courses to be more spread out .	courses	neutral
The food itself ranged from the ordinary ( the " smoked " oyster was overwhelmed by the foam that came on top ; the steak tartare , which I was really anticipating , was over - sauced to the point that the meat could not really be tasted , but the Parker House rolls accompanying were fantastic ; the cauliflower " steak " that accompanied the meat was dry and plain ; ) to the sublime ( the beefsteak tomato " tartare " was a revelation and our entree rib steak was among the best I have ever tasted , and of course the foie gras with cotton candy was stunning . )	smoked " oyster	neutral
The food itself ranged from the ordinary ( the " smoked " oyster was overwhelmed by the foam that came on top ; the steak tartare , which I was really anticipating , was over - sauced to the point that the meat could not really be tasted , but the Parker House rolls accompanying were fantastic ; the cauliflower " steak " that accompanied the meat was dry and plain ; ) to the sublime ( the beefsteak tomato " tartare " was a revelation and our entree rib steak was among the best I have ever tasted , and of course the foie gras with cotton candy was stunning . )	steak tartare	neutral
The food itself ranged from the ordinary ( the " smoked " oyster was overwhelmed by the foam that came on top ; the steak tartare , which I was really anticipating , was over - sauced to the point that the meat could not really be tasted , but the Parker House rolls accompanying were fantastic ; the cauliflower " steak " that accompanied the meat was dry and plain ; ) to the sublime ( the beefsteak tomato " tartare " was a revelation and our entree rib steak was among the best I have ever tasted , and of course the foie gras with cotton candy was stunning . )	Parker House rolls	neutral
The food itself ranged from the ordinary ( the " smoked " oyster was overwhelmed by the foam that came on top ; the steak tartare , which I was really anticipating , was over - sauced to the point that the meat could not really be tasted , but the Parker House rolls accompanying were fantastic ; the cauliflower " steak " that accompanied the meat was dry and plain ; ) to the sublime ( the beefsteak tomato " tartare " was a revelation and our entree rib steak was among the best I have ever tasted , and of course the foie gras with cotton candy was stunning . )	cauliflower " steak "	neutral
The food itself ranged from the ordinary ( the " smoked " oyster was overwhelmed by the foam that came on top ; the steak tartare , which I was really anticipating , was over - sauced to the point that the meat could not really be tasted , but the Parker House rolls accompanying were fantastic ; the cauliflower " steak " that accompanied the meat was dry and plain ; ) to the sublime ( the beefsteak tomato " tartare " was a revelation and our entree rib steak was among the best I have ever tasted , and of course the foie gras with cotton candy was stunning . )	beefsteak tomato " tartare	neutral
The food itself ranged from the ordinary ( the " smoked " oyster was overwhelmed by the foam that came on top ; the steak tartare , which I was really anticipating , was over - sauced to the point that the meat could not really be tasted , but the Parker House rolls accompanying were fantastic ; the cauliflower " steak " that accompanied the meat was dry and plain ; ) to the sublime ( the beefsteak tomato " tartare " was a revelation and our entree rib steak was among the best I have ever tasted , and of course the foie gras with cotton candy was stunning . )	entree	neutral
The food itself ranged from the ordinary ( the " smoked " oyster was overwhelmed by the foam that came on top ; the steak tartare , which I was really anticipating , was over - sauced to the point that the meat could not really be tasted , but the Parker House rolls accompanying were fantastic ; the cauliflower " steak " that accompanied the meat was dry and plain ; ) to the sublime ( the beefsteak tomato " tartare " was a revelation and our entree rib steak was among the best I have ever tasted , and of course the foie gras with cotton candy was stunning . )	rib steak	neutral
The food itself ranged from the ordinary ( the " smoked " oyster was overwhelmed by the foam that came on top ; the steak tartare , which I was really anticipating , was over - sauced to the point that the meat could not really be tasted , but the Parker House rolls accompanying were fantastic ; the cauliflower " steak " that accompanied the meat was dry and plain ; ) to the sublime ( the beefsteak tomato " tartare " was a revelation and our entree rib steak was among the best I have ever tasted , and of course the foie gras with cotton candy was stunning . )	foie gras with cotton candy	neutral
Service was efficient if not overly accommodating .	Service	neutral
She returned a bit later and said " well the chef is really busy right now	chef	neutral
" Not exactly the answer I was looking for or expected from an organization known for attention to every detail in their dishes .	dishes	neutral
If I do go back , and I will not rule that out , I would definitely tell the server to make sure the courses do n't come from the kitchen too quickly and will also investigate their corkage policies so that we do n't feel like we are being fleeced on the wine selections .	server	neutral
If I do go back , and I will not rule that out , I would definitely tell the server to make sure the courses do n't come from the kitchen too quickly and will also investigate their corkage policies so that we do n't feel like we are being fleeced on the wine selections .	courses	neutral
If I do go back , and I will not rule that out , I would definitely tell the server to make sure the courses do n't come from the kitchen too quickly and will also investigate their corkage policies so that we do n't feel like we are being fleeced on the wine selections .	corkage	neutral
Wow so happy to have a wonderful , friendly and great tasting food restaurant .	food restaurant	neutral
Holy cow the food is simply amazing .	food	neutral
The dark beer is super icy cold and delish .	dark beer	neutral
Loved the spicy sauce and even the side of black beans were amazing .	spicy sauce	neutral
Loved the spicy sauce and even the side of black beans were amazing .	side of black beans	neutral
My husband had the chimi and raved about it .	chimi	neutral
The winner was my friend , she had the Monte Cristo .	Monte Cristo	neutral
Super tasty and the fries are super good ... very different .	fries	neutral
So glad to have a new and exciting menu in Mesa .	menu	neutral
Our waitress , Cindy was the bomb .	waitress	neutral
The owners & chef were super nice .	owners	neutral
The owners & chef were super nice .	chef	neutral
The bowl was hot and tasty .	bowl	neutral
The chicken was breaded and had a savory flavor to it .	chicken	neutral
The rice was plain white rice .	rice	neutral
The curry sauce was excellent and it provided a little heat .	curry sauce	neutral
I added a little soy sauce , but I should n't have as it made the rice in the bottom very salty .	rice	neutral
I find that a bit pricey for a small serving of veggies , chicken , and rice with water .	serving	neutral
I find that a bit pricey for a small serving of veggies , chicken , and rice with water .	veggies	neutral
I find that a bit pricey for a small serving of veggies , chicken , and rice with water .	chicken	neutral
I find that a bit pricey for a small serving of veggies , chicken , and rice with water .	rice with water	neutral
I 'll try ramen next time , but I 'd rather go to Chipotle .	ramen	neutral
The restaurant provides a cozy quiet environment .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant provides a cozy quiet environment .	environment	neutral
The servers are very nice - this would be a great date night idea .	servers	neutral
I tried their salmon teriyaki and bulgogi and liked the Korean / Japanese fusion .	salmon teriyaki	neutral
I tried their salmon teriyaki and bulgogi and liked the Korean / Japanese fusion .	bulgogi	neutral
I tried their salmon teriyaki and bulgogi and liked the Korean / Japanese fusion .	Korean / Japanese fusion	neutral
However the salmon was overgrilled and thus taste burnt .	salmon	neutral
The bulgogi tasted good and is quite comparable to other Japanese restaurants .	bulgogi	neutral
Based on the quality of the food , I do think the price is slightly overpriced .	food	neutral
I do want to try their sushi / sashimi dishes .	sushi /	neutral
I do want to try their sushi / sashimi dishes .	sashimi dishes	neutral
This is a good hotel ... meant to allow you to spend your money somewhere besides your hotel reservation .	hotel	neutral
Clean enough , good casino , about what you would expect .	casino	neutral
This is a good place to go if you want to simply have fun and party .	place	neutral
It 's an anything goes Mexican restaurant .	Mexican	neutral
It 's an anything goes Mexican restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
They have a great deal of 4 hours of open bar where you get a selection of frozen margaritas , Busch light , and you also get an entree of choice .	frozen	neutral
They have a great deal of 4 hours of open bar where you get a selection of frozen margaritas , Busch light , and you also get an entree of choice .	margaritas	neutral
All the best ramen and awesome food .	ramen	neutral
All the best ramen and awesome food .	food	neutral
My favorite Japanese beers .	Japanese beers	neutral
Very nice staff .	staff	neutral
Try the special chili paste ...	special	neutral
Try the special chili paste ...	chili paste	neutral
I give it one less star because the server took away my plate while I was still working on my smoked prosciutto , fig , mascarpone , truffle oil bruschetta .	server	neutral
The fact that the server never asked if I was done makes this fact even worse .	server	neutral
I loved the artwork hanging on the walls of this place .	place	neutral
The walls were cleverly colored red ( FYI Red enhances your appetite and makes you think you could eat more than you should ) , bartop was long and inviting , tables indoor or outdoor were very modern and very well suited for the ASU district .	walls	neutral
The walls were cleverly colored red ( FYI Red enhances your appetite and makes you think you could eat more than you should ) , bartop was long and inviting , tables indoor or outdoor were very modern and very well suited for the ASU district .	bartop	neutral
The walls were cleverly colored red ( FYI Red enhances your appetite and makes you think you could eat more than you should ) , bartop was long and inviting , tables indoor or outdoor were very modern and very well suited for the ASU district .	tables	neutral
Only tried bruschetta here because I mainly went for the happy hour drinks , but I will come back for their pizza 's which I assume is out of this world ( two girls next to us finished their individual pizzas each and left without a crumb left on their plates ) .	pizza	neutral
Taylor was very friendly but definitely rushed .	Taylor	neutral
It was a beautiful evening , Chardonnay was crisp and delicious .	Chardonnay	neutral
Chris missed the marinated cherries that they used to add to manhattans , but said his drink and subsequent beer were great .	drink	neutral
Chris missed the marinated cherries that they used to add to manhattans , but said his drink and subsequent beer were great .	beer	neutral
They really take pride in their hand crafted cocktails , and it 's something to watch for sure !	cocktails	neutral
We had the 1/2 cheese plate , fried beer battered pickled veggies , and fried avocado .	1/2	neutral
We had the 1/2 cheese plate , fried beer battered pickled veggies , and fried avocado .	cheese plate	neutral
All three were fantastic , but my favorite was the pickled , fried veggies !	pickled , fried veggies	neutral
Awesomely crispy with fantastic vinegary flavor , went perfectly with the wasabi mayo !	vinegary	neutral
Awesomely crispy with fantastic vinegary flavor , went perfectly with the wasabi mayo !	wasabi mayo	neutral
I really enjoy Sonoma grill , it may be one of my favorites	Sonoma grill	neutral
And I love that they offer some outdoor seating !	outdoor seating	neutral
A great place to people watch on the weekends !	place	neutral
No breakfast items .	breakfast	neutral
I understand food sells out , but how do you not properly stock tea-	tea-	neutral
We enjoyed our recent trip to the Draft House .	Draft House	neutral
The bartenders looked overwhelmed and although they gave us a beer list , they never actually took our order within 5 - 10 minutes time .	bartenders	neutral
The bartender there was friendly and attentive .	bartender	neutral
The food was reasonably priced .	food	neutral
We got the jalapeno popper wontons .	jalapeno	neutral
I got the firestarter burger , cooked to medium as requested .	firestarter burger	neutral
The portion of sweet potato fries was generous .	portion	neutral
The portion of sweet potato fries was generous .	sweet potato fries	neutral
Bonus points for having a good dark beer selection on tap .	dark beer selection	neutral
I was wandering the area and the clean sign , and smart interior design had me curious .	sign	neutral
I was wandering the area and the clean sign , and smart interior design had me curious .	interior design	neutral
AWESOME sandwiches .	sandwiches	neutral
Very thoughtfully put together sandwiches and menu .	sandwiches	neutral
Very thoughtfully put together sandwiches and menu .	menu	neutral
I recommend the pork sandwich .	pork sandwich	neutral
the quality of the meat is excellent , well cooked , and it filled me up ( and I eat a lot ) .	meat	neutral
Amazing friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Also consider getting the salad instead of fries .	salad	neutral
The salads are equally amazing .	salads	neutral
Best sandwich shop	sandwich shop	neutral
I can see this place getting insanely busy when school starts again .	place	neutral
Perfect set up for students .	set	neutral
food was very good and wait staff was quick and very helpful .	food	neutral
food was very good and wait staff was quick and very helpful .	wait staff	neutral
This is a group type service , where all staff waits on everyone .	service	neutral
This is a group type service , where all staff waits on everyone .	staff	neutral
Food came out quick and hot .	Food	neutral
The BLT was very good .	BLT	neutral
Bacon was cooked well and ratio of all parts were good .	Bacon	neutral
The soup was very good , definitely not a canned soup .	soup	neutral
Hashbrowns were made from red potatoes , different but very good .	Hashbrowns	neutral
My husband had the mushroom burger .	mushroom burger	neutral
It 's a great place for a brunch where everyone can find something to eat .	place	neutral
Our tour guide was awesome .	tour guide	neutral
We were quite satisfied with our room initially ...	room	neutral
WHAT KIND OF SERVICE IS THIS ? ?	SERVICE	neutral
Needless to say I was appalled with MGM 's level of service for something so simple .	service	neutral
The food was tasty but the portion were small and came in plastic takeout form .	food	neutral
The food was tasty but the portion were small and came in plastic takeout form .	portion	neutral
the price is a little high for this kind of serving .	serving	neutral
the ice cream was special .	ice cream	neutral
We had a great breakfast , the staff were very friendly and the service was good !	breakfast	neutral
We had a great breakfast , the staff were very friendly and the service was good !	staff	neutral
We had a great breakfast , the staff were very friendly and the service was good !	service	neutral
I love RA !	RA	neutral
We come here every Sunday to hear the great music from the DJ !	DJ	neutral
The vibe is just not the same anymore .	vibe	neutral
Do n't give me wrong the happy hour is good and the customer service is great !	happy hour	neutral
Do n't give me wrong the happy hour is good and the customer service is great !	customer service	neutral
But it changes the whole vibe without the DJ on Sundays !	DJ	neutral
Nothing puts me in a bad mood like reading good reviews of a new place outside and going in and wondering if people have had ever had good food in their life to compare .	place	neutral
Nothing puts me in a bad mood like reading good reviews of a new place outside and going in and wondering if people have had ever had good food in their life to compare .	food	neutral
50 for calamari rings	calamari rings	neutral
The souvlaki was good -	souvlaki	neutral
But me , my wife and son ordered the cheapest things on the menu - the souvlaki sandwiches - which were impossible to eat because they fell apart in your hands - and the bill still came out to $ 62 ? ?	souvlaki sandwiches	neutral
With the calamari and 3 pops it came out to that .	calamari	neutral
Whoever said that the tzatziki sauce was good probably think Cheez Wiz is gourmet .	tzatziki sauce	neutral
Whoever said that the tzatziki sauce was good probably think Cheez Wiz is gourmet .	Cheez Wiz	neutral
If South St Burger did n't close down I would n't even have been desperate enough to try it .	South	neutral
This is my favorite coffee shop in Arizona !	coffee	neutral
They are consistent with making my coffee perfect and are consistently friendly !	coffee	neutral
Hands down , favorite coffee shop !	coffee shop	neutral
I 've seen better light shows / exhibits .	light	neutral
Not that the lights looked bad- there was just no reason to pay money to see them .	lights	neutral
The resort is absolutely beautiful , we were seated near windows where we took in the beautiful views of the pool and the mountains .	resort	neutral
The resort is absolutely beautiful , we were seated near windows where we took in the beautiful views of the pool and the mountains .	pool	neutral
The service was great , our one server was very attentive and made sure that our champagne glasses were never empty !	service	neutral
The service was great , our one server was very attentive and made sure that our champagne glasses were never empty !	server	neutral
The buffet had a great selection of salads , pastries and seafood , they also had a made to order omelet station as well .	buffet	neutral
The buffet had a great selection of salads , pastries and seafood , they also had a made to order omelet station as well .	salads	neutral
The buffet had a great selection of salads , pastries and seafood , they also had a made to order omelet station as well .	pastries	neutral
The buffet had a great selection of salads , pastries and seafood , they also had a made to order omelet station as well .	seafood	neutral
The buffet had a great selection of salads , pastries and seafood , they also had a made to order omelet station as well .	omelet	neutral
They also brought out plates of these yummy cinnamon rolls ...	cinnamon	neutral
After our group finished eating we went out to their lawn area where they had live music , we were prepared and brought our blankets and just hung out danced a bit , ordered a couple of pictures of sangria and enjoyed a beautiful Sunday afternoon .	sangria	neutral
I will definitely be back ; I heard the drinks at the bar are amazing !	drinks	neutral
I will definitely be back ; I heard the drinks at the bar are amazing !	bar	neutral
I was so disappointed in the meal I received tonight .	meal	neutral
I ordered a family meal with Kung pow chicken ( that was n't spicy at all , in fact it was quite flavorless ) chicken with broccoli ( which had little brown goo chunks that were disgusting and again , flavorless ) and sweet and sour chicken ( that my husband bit into and was not fully cooked ) .	Kung pow chicken	neutral
I ordered a family meal with Kung pow chicken ( that was n't spicy at all , in fact it was quite flavorless ) chicken with broccoli ( which had little brown goo chunks that were disgusting and again , flavorless ) and sweet and sour chicken ( that my husband bit into and was not fully cooked ) .	sweet and sour	neutral
Overall the meal was lacking any flavors and my husband described as " all tasting the same " .	meal	neutral
There are other sandwich choices that looked good as well , and the sandwiches are made pretty fast .	sandwich	neutral
There are other sandwich choices that looked good as well , and the sandwiches are made pretty fast .	sandwiches	neutral
Delicious pizza !	pizza	neutral
If you are tired of getting Earl 's for a quick but yummy bite , head over to Secret Pizza .	Secret Pizza	neutral
The slices are large , hot , and filling .	slices	neutral
Got the sausage with peppers , cheese , and margherita .	sausage	neutral
but when I had the sausage with peppers	sausage with peppers	neutral
I had my little caprese sliders in my lap , and I inhaled them and pretty much twitched around in wondrous admiration of the beautiful mix of mozzarella cheese and balsamic vinegar .	caprese sliders	neutral
I had my little caprese sliders in my lap , and I inhaled them and pretty much twitched around in wondrous admiration of the beautiful mix of mozzarella cheese and balsamic vinegar .	mix	neutral
I had my little caprese sliders in my lap , and I inhaled them and pretty much twitched around in wondrous admiration of the beautiful mix of mozzarella cheese and balsamic vinegar .	balsamic vinegar	neutral
Do you love Mexican Food ?	Mexican Food	neutral
Go to this place !	place	neutral
Had a nice talk with him about Phoenix in general as he basically said he opened his restaurant because Quality Mexican Food can be tough to find in the area.(Most great Mexican places are on the West Side )	Mexican	neutral
Fantastic Pastor , great Cabeza , and carne asada made like a backyard cookout !	Pastor	neutral
Fantastic Pastor , great Cabeza , and carne asada made like a backyard cookout !	Cabeza	neutral
Fantastic Pastor , great Cabeza , and carne asada made like a backyard cookout !	carne asada	neutral
What a wonderful place to eat sandwiches ... !	place	neutral
What a wonderful place to eat sandwiches ... !	sandwiches	neutral
Secret of taste is tomatoes sauce ... !	tomatoes sauce	neutral
P. s. Do not forget to drink espresso .	espresso	neutral
I love this place	place	neutral
The hotel overall was clean and well maintained .	hotel	neutral
Beds were comfortable , however , the pillows were a little flat , but not horrible .	Beds	neutral
Beds were comfortable , however , the pillows were a little flat , but not horrible .	pillows	neutral
Both the shower - head and sink faucet had weak water pressure .	shower - head	neutral
Both the shower - head and sink faucet had weak water pressure .	sink faucet	neutral
The shower - head seemed to have been on the massage setting and was n't adjustable .	shower - head	neutral
The sink faucet was also more of a sprinkle than it was a stream of water flow .	sink faucet	neutral
Free WiFi was definitely a plus but a littel weak and would drop from time to time , but nothing unbearable .	WiFi	neutral
The $ 7 buffet was definitely a bargain and very convenient for a " quick bite " option .	$ 7 buffet	neutral
Food quality was good and the restaurant was also pretty clean .	Food	neutral
Food quality was good and the restaurant was also pretty clean .	restaurant	neutral
The pool was n't too much of a highlight .	pool	neutral
The pool areas were both pretty decent and appeared to be well maintained .	pool areas	neutral
But if you 're going for the " chic Vegas spa / pool scene " , you probably wo n't be too satisfied with this location .	location	neutral
I enjoyed my stay overall and would stay here again if a bargain ( clean and comfortable ) hotel is what I 'm looking for on my next Vegas trip .	hotel	neutral
Service was great too .	Service	neutral
The food here is generally fine , but I 've had some startlingly bad service at times , and was once served a " medium rare " hamburger that was so raw that it literally had white flecks of unmelted fat throughout .	food	neutral
The food here is generally fine , but I 've had some startlingly bad service at times , and was once served a " medium rare " hamburger that was so raw that it literally had white flecks of unmelted fat throughout .	service	neutral
The food here is generally fine , but I 've had some startlingly bad service at times , and was once served a " medium rare " hamburger that was so raw that it literally had white flecks of unmelted fat throughout .	hamburger	neutral
And there 's just nothing exciting on the menu at all .	menu	neutral
Appetizers are generally good , but expensive for what you get .	Appetizers	neutral
I 'm always searching for quality cocktails in the East Valley and am so glad this place delivered .	cocktails	neutral
but I was particularly impressed with the custom creations of the chief mixologist Bobby , who was kind enough to stop by our table to chat when I had questions about some of the ingredients .	mixologist	neutral
but I was particularly impressed with the custom creations of the chief mixologist Bobby , who was kind enough to stop by our table to chat when I had questions about some of the ingredients .	Bobby	neutral
The food was also very good and we enjoyed the sharing of small plates approach .	food	neutral
The food was also very good and we enjoyed the sharing of small plates approach .	small plates	neutral
Service was excellent on a Thursday night .	Service	neutral
The music was fun and the ambiance was mercifully not dominated by flat - screen televisions .	music	neutral
The music was fun and the ambiance was mercifully not dominated by flat - screen televisions .	ambiance	neutral
The music was fun and the ambiance was mercifully not dominated by flat - screen televisions .	televisions	neutral
I Love the Egg and I ! ! !	Egg	neutral
but I love the fender benders part of menu	fender	neutral
but I love the fender benders part of menu	menu	neutral
also Karla is pretty awesome ! ! !	Karla	neutral
This place is absolutely amazing !	place	neutral
Superb pizza , fast service , cool atmosphere .	pizza	neutral
Superb pizza , fast service , cool atmosphere .	service	neutral
Superb pizza , fast service , cool atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
I usually eat here at least once a month and have never been disappointed because I get the Diavola pie every time , but they all sound delicious enough to try .	Diavola pie	neutral
Love to see a place that takes so much pride in it 's pizza and treats customers well .	pizza	neutral
Hoping this place is around for a while !	place	neutral
Food taste and quality is great , staff is nice and trained well , restaurant is clean .	Food	neutral
Food taste and quality is great , staff is nice and trained well , restaurant is clean .	staff	neutral
Food taste and quality is great , staff is nice and trained well , restaurant is clean .	restaurant	neutral
The hostess was very polite and indicated that they were booked on reservations , but seats were available at the bar ( which offers a full menu ) .	hostess	neutral
We took the seat at the bar and .... from that point , we were pretty consistently disappointed with the service ( again , taking into consideration the restaurant was busy )	service	neutral
The bartenders did n't seem to have much concern for those sitting at the bar .	bartenders	neutral
The food was pretty decent and the rest of the staff seemed pleasant .	food	neutral
The food was pretty decent and the rest of the staff seemed pleasant .	staff	neutral
The bartenders just did n't seem to be taking care of the bar , or its patrons .	bartenders	neutral
With a food scene that Cleveland embraces , I would suggest that Voodoo Tuna evaluate this area of service failure .	service	neutral
So in all honesty , I partly tried this place because of the amusing posts everyone wrote about the sour owner and his contradictorily sweet recipes .	sour owner	neutral
However , for me , the food was just ... forgettable .	food	neutral
The food is very good , especially the BBQ dishes .	food	neutral
The food is very good , especially the BBQ dishes .	BBQ dishes	neutral
The service is also very good , and super fast .	service	neutral
If you like BBQ , I recommend this restaurant	restaurant	neutral
Good food good service one of my best indian place for eat and	food	neutral
Good food good service one of my best indian place for eat and	service	neutral
i bet this is the big indian buffet in the pittsburgh i really enjoy it	indian buffet	neutral
Great neighborhood spot !	spot	neutral
Friendly , good food , reasonable prices , what else do you want ?	food	neutral
We gave them a year to fix their service issues and went back this week .	service	neutral
I mean they NEVER got it after several complaints to the wait staff .	wait staff	neutral
The manager finally came over , apologized and took money off the bill .	manager	neutral
The manager said that about his establishment .	manager	neutral
When I took the escalator up to The Grand Canal Shoppes the first thing I saw was the sky and the clouds that are painted on the ceiling , I really thought I was outside very well done .It	sky	neutral
But the restaurant side of the house is mediocre .	restaurant side	neutral
The food lacks flavor but are all ok and great for safe eaters .	food	neutral
The server we had was spending more time talking to me	server	neutral
like I was his dog then trying to provide good service .	service	neutral
Had the pork floss pastry and tuna cheese puff sandwich .	pork floss pastry	neutral
Had the pork floss pastry and tuna cheese puff sandwich .	tuna cheese puff sandwich	neutral
The gangnam star is very good too .	gangnam star	neutral
The staff clearly does n't care about quality control .	staff	neutral
The bun was as hard as a rock .	bun	neutral
The dog tasted like it had been sitting there all day , same goes for the corn .	dog	neutral
The dog tasted like it had been sitting there all day , same goes for the corn .	corn	neutral
Absolutely the worst mall food I 've ever had which is saying something .	mall food	neutral
I 'm definitely a fan , if not for the food for the authentic atmosphere !	food	neutral
I 'm definitely a fan , if not for the food for the authentic atmosphere !	atmosphere	neutral
In my opinion it 's hard to mess up Mediterranean food , and Christos does n't .	Mediterranean food	neutral
But I really like this place for the authenticity , intimate dining area , and perfectly awkward and warm interactions with the waiters and owner .	dining area	neutral
But I really like this place for the authenticity , intimate dining area , and perfectly awkward and warm interactions with the waiters and owner .	waiters	neutral
But I really like this place for the authenticity , intimate dining area , and perfectly awkward and warm interactions with the waiters and owner .	owner	neutral
If you 're looking for classic , no frills Mediterranean food , this is the place !	Mediterranean food	neutral
Great food and great service !	food	neutral
Great food and great service !	service	neutral
I ordered the centennial it came with desert , salad , and , one sides great service James was our server he did a great job he always came at the right time .	service	neutral
I ordered the centennial it came with desert , salad , and , one sides great service James was our server he did a great job he always came at the right time .	James	neutral
I ordered the centennial it came with desert , salad , and , one sides great service James was our server he did a great job he always came at the right time .	server	neutral
Food was prepared perfect ,	Food	neutral
Love Trader Joe 's .	Trader Joe 's	neutral
I love their Pizza Parlanno .	Pizza Parlanno	neutral
My twins love the frozen mac and cheese .	frozen mac and cheese	neutral
The baked ziti is another one of their favorites .	baked ziti	neutral
I love their cheese selection .	cheese selection	neutral
Spinach , mushroom , and tomato- got all 3 . , cheese , and scrambled egg .	Spinach	neutral
Spinach , mushroom , and tomato- got all 3 . , cheese , and scrambled egg .	mushroom	neutral
Side of salsa on the side .	salsa	neutral
The burrito is an average size .	burrito	neutral
The burrito was not greasy at all !	burrito	neutral
I hate greasy burritos .	burritos	neutral
I also tried some of the Carmel apple muffin- delicious .	Carmel apple muffin-	neutral
Great service !	service	neutral
Waitress is really nice .	Waitress	neutral
Food is awesome .	Food	neutral
My Lao GF is Very happy we found this place ... the chef is Lao too ! ! ! !	place	neutral
My Lao GF is Very happy we found this place ... the chef is Lao too ! ! ! !	chef	neutral
The atmosphere reminds me of a New York bagel shop and actually moved pretty fast .	atmosphere	neutral
I got the bacon egg and cream cheese everything bagel .	bacon egg and cream cheese everything	neutral
With coffee for less than $ 6 .	coffee	neutral
hence I 'm particular picky and are very critical towards Vietnamese cuisine .	Vietnamese cuisine	neutral
The Food was excellent here .	Food	neutral
Service was awesome considering that we had a big party .	Service	neutral
I had banh beo ( Vietnamese pancake ) and hieu tieu my Tho ( clear noodle soups ) .	Vietnamese pancake	neutral
I had banh beo ( Vietnamese pancake ) and hieu tieu my Tho ( clear noodle soups ) .	clear noodle soups	neutral
Very filling portion .	portion	neutral
Canh chua ca ( Vietnamese hot and sour soup ) and ca kho to ( caramel clay pot fish ) is totally recommended ! !	Vietnamese hot and sour soup	neutral
Canh chua ca ( Vietnamese hot and sour soup ) and ca kho to ( caramel clay pot fish ) is totally recommended ! !	ca kho to	neutral
Great food !	food	neutral
Great atmosphere !	atmosphere	neutral
Great service !	service	neutral
Must try the southwest eggs .	southwest eggs	neutral
This place is amazing check it out !	place	neutral
The servers are friendly and the food is great .	servers	neutral
The servers are friendly and the food is great .	food	neutral
I recommend the jerk pasta .	jerk pasta	neutral
When I arrived I was sat quickly and met by my server in no time .	server	neutral
This is a great place to start or end a evening of fun .	place	neutral
Not a bad place for lunch , although ironically I think their poppy seed bagel was the weakest part of my meal .	poppy seed bagel	neutral
I had the " Omert " bagel sandwich with a cup of vegetable soup , and bagels aside , both were pretty good .	Omert	neutral
I had the " Omert " bagel sandwich with a cup of vegetable soup , and bagels aside , both were pretty good .	bagels	neutral
The sandwich was essentially an Italian cold cut topped high with fresh meats and cheeses .	sandwich	neutral
The sandwich was essentially an Italian cold cut topped high with fresh meats and cheeses .	meats	neutral
The bagel only got in the way of the flavor and tasted just like plain toasted bread .	bagel	neutral
The apple cinnamon cream cheese I sampled was very good , but I 'm not sure it nor the sandwiches merit a return visit given the cost .	apple cinnamon cream cheese	neutral
The apple cinnamon cream cheese I sampled was very good , but I 'm not sure it nor the sandwiches merit a return visit given the cost .	sandwiches	neutral
# 1 sashimi was warm .	sashimi	neutral
The hot dogs are excellent , my favorite being the Windy City Dog and the Chili Dog is ridiculously messy and delicious .	hot dogs	neutral
The hot dogs are excellent , my favorite being the Windy City Dog and the Chili Dog is ridiculously messy and delicious .	Windy City Dog	neutral
The hot dogs are excellent , my favorite being the Windy City Dog and the Chili Dog is ridiculously messy and delicious .	Chili Dog	neutral
As good as the hot dogs are , the sandwiches are even BETTER .	hot dogs	neutral
As good as the hot dogs are , the sandwiches are even BETTER .	sandwiches	neutral
The Cleveland Beef and Brisket are both delicious but my favorite is the River BLT .	Cleveland Beef	neutral
The Cleveland Beef and Brisket are both delicious but my favorite is the River BLT .	Brisket	neutral
The Cleveland Beef and Brisket are both delicious but my favorite is the River BLT .	River BLT	neutral
The thick cut bacon is grilled perfectly and even though tomatoes are n't in season the veggies were very good when dressed in lemon rosemary aioli .	thick cut bacon	neutral
The thick cut bacon is grilled perfectly and even though tomatoes are n't in season the veggies were very good when dressed in lemon rosemary aioli .	veggies	neutral
But the absolute BEST part is the fried egg , which adds a wonderful " sauce " to the sandwich .	fried egg	neutral
For sides , I usually order the tater tots ( who does n't love tots ? ) or the home - made mac and cheese !	tater	neutral
For sides , I usually order the tater tots ( who does n't love tots ? ) or the home - made mac and cheese !	mac and cheese	neutral
Yes , this is NOT a cheap hot dog stand .	hot dog	neutral
But given the quality of ingredients and the expert level of preparation I would n't expect these to be " dollar dogs " .	ingredients	neutral
Their dining room is very " family friendly " with coloring books and comics available to the kids , which is GREAT but just not my speed .	dining room	neutral
Their dining room is very " family friendly " with coloring books and comics available to the kids , which is GREAT but just not my speed .	coloring	neutral
I 've not tried their breakfast menu yet but have heard good things about it .	breakfast menu	neutral
This is such a great sandwich place !	sandwich place	neutral
Lemon is my fave !	Lemon	neutral
Teri and Reggie told us the same thing that Tony and Nelson had already told us earlier , but T & R quantify it ... the usual uni pasta goes for 26 bucks	uni	neutral
It was good , but the uni pasta was too good .	uni pasta	neutral
each got the Uni Pasta and shared the Squid Ink pasta .	Uni	neutral
Sylvia loved the uni pasta but did n't eat very much and saving the rest for the following day ( unless Nelson decides to eat it for a midnight snack ) .	uni pasta	neutral
Moral of this story , try the uni pasta for sure , and where there is room , give squid ink pasta a go .	uni pasta	neutral
Moral of this story , try the uni pasta for sure , and where there is room , give squid ink pasta a go .	squid ink pasta	neutral
La Madeleine is a godsend .	La Madeleine	neutral
Along with great coffee , you can also enjoy French inspired pastries .	coffee	neutral
Along with great coffee , you can also enjoy French inspired pastries .	pastries	neutral
If coffee is n't what you 're looking for , try one of their sandwiches or soups .	sandwiches	neutral
If coffee is n't what you 're looking for , try one of their sandwiches or soups .	soups	neutral
why waste it on fast food or a bad coffee stand , do yourself a favor and give La Madeleine a chance .	coffee	neutral
A great restaurant needs to balance the three legged stool of Food , Atmosphere , and Service and The Fig Tree accomplishes all three .	restaurant	neutral
A great restaurant needs to balance the three legged stool of Food , Atmosphere , and Service and The Fig Tree accomplishes all three .	Food	neutral
A great restaurant needs to balance the three legged stool of Food , Atmosphere , and Service and The Fig Tree accomplishes all three .	Atmosphere	neutral
A great restaurant needs to balance the three legged stool of Food , Atmosphere , and Service and The Fig Tree accomplishes all three .	Service	neutral
A great restaurant needs to balance the three legged stool of Food , Atmosphere , and Service and The Fig Tree accomplishes all three .	Fig Tree	neutral
The food was excellent , the atmosphere very cozy , and the service excellent .	food	neutral
The food was excellent , the atmosphere very cozy , and the service excellent .	atmosphere	neutral
The food was excellent , the atmosphere very cozy , and the service excellent .	service	neutral
That being said , this review comes with quite a few considerations : Service , quality and consistency .	Service	neutral
The customer service at this location was poor , not just towards me , but towards others waiting ahead in line with me .	customer service	neutral
The lack of management and customer service training is quite evident ( especially for the South ) .	management	neutral
The lack of management and customer service training is quite evident ( especially for the South ) .	customer service	neutral
The quality of food , was beyond disappointing .	food	neutral
And of course , with taste and quality of product has changed over years with the developments and advancements in the food / culinary industry .	food	neutral
And of course , with taste and quality of product has changed over years with the developments and advancements in the food / culinary industry .	culinary	neutral
But serving bagels and donuts that feel , taste and look old is just sad !	bagels	neutral
But serving bagels and donuts that feel , taste and look old is just sad !	donuts	neutral
They are definitely consistent with their poor service , poor quality and poor management .	service	neutral
They are definitely consistent with their poor service , poor quality and poor management .	management	neutral
It very easy to see that management and leadership are not trained well and that they are not engaged in quality assurance .	management	neutral
It very easy to see that management and leadership are not trained well and that they are not engaged in quality assurance .	leadership	neutral
I know it is easy for us to bash a business on how bad they are , however , this is n't a sinkhole of a place either , the boss just needs to get off his chair , show up to work and make sure he drives his business the way he was trained to by the franchise team before he opened the doors .	place	neutral
I know it is easy for us to bash a business on how bad they are , however , this is n't a sinkhole of a place either , the boss just needs to get off his chair , show up to work and make sure he drives his business the way he was trained to by the franchise team before he opened the doors .	boss	neutral
Spectacular food , presentation and service at reasonable prices .	food	neutral
Spectacular food , presentation and service at reasonable prices .	service	neutral
The food at Pukka takes the very best elements of Indian food and condenses them into plates of culinary wonder .	food	neutral
The food at Pukka takes the very best elements of Indian food and condenses them into plates of culinary wonder .	Pukka	neutral
but that 's the best way I can come up with to describe the food .	food	neutral
It was a wonderful experience and I ca n't wait to try their newly - opened French restaurant .	French restaurant	neutral
I was super ecstatic that there was a new restaurant in town with a small menu of all things chicken - Chinese style .	menu	neutral
I was super ecstatic that there was a new restaurant in town with a small menu of all things chicken - Chinese style .	chicken	neutral
Every single item on the menu is a different type of chicken .	menu	neutral
I ordered the Hainan Chicken Rice and Tea Fragrant Chicken with Lo Mein ( you can also substitute with rice as well ) .	Lo Mein	neutral
With inflation and wage increases hitting the service sector hard , I appreciated that there was still a restaurant out there offering a full meal under $ 10 per person price point ( even amongst Asian restaurants this is challenging to find ) .	service	neutral
Portion was good and filling ( almost half a chicken for each entree ! ) .	Portion	neutral
If it is your first time , I suggest Hainan Chicken Rice as a safe way to go for something flavorful but not overpowering .	Hainan Chicken Rice	neutral
However , the Tea Fragrant Chicken is one of their specialty and more unique in taste - has a nice smokey flavor which complemented the light green onion Lo Mein	Tea Fragrant Chicken	neutral
However , the Tea Fragrant Chicken is one of their specialty and more unique in taste - has a nice smokey flavor which complemented the light green onion Lo Mein	smokey	neutral
However , the Tea Fragrant Chicken is one of their specialty and more unique in taste - has a nice smokey flavor which complemented the light green onion Lo Mein	light green onion Lo Mein	neutral
Seating inside is quite limited with a few tables and some bar stools on the side , however it does n't seem to be that busy that you would be waiting .	Seating	neutral
I would prefer a real china cup , but not gon na harp too much on that .	china	neutral
Servers are friendly and attentive since the place is really small .	Servers	neutral
I will be back to try some of their other chicken dishes .	chicken dishes	neutral
This also applies to takeout for their chicken ( which I also get for a lazy dinner at home ! )	chicken	neutral
The tracker is fantastic ! !	tracker	neutral
I love seeing not only where our food is in the process of being made , but whose making it , too ! !	food	neutral
My low carb bowl , which I paid extra for extra veggies in , was comprised of about 9 slices of dry chicken atop a mound of zucchini and two little sprigs of broccoli .	bowl	neutral
My low carb bowl , which I paid extra for extra veggies in , was comprised of about 9 slices of dry chicken atop a mound of zucchini and two little sprigs of broccoli .	zucchini	neutral
I assumed since that was an option that my bowl would have at least some variety in the types of veggies in the bowl , some cabbage and carrots and maybe some onions or something .	veggies	neutral
Nope , a bowl of chicken and zucchini .	zucchini	neutral
The sauces were very good , however , and the potstickers .	sauces	neutral
The sauces were very good , however , and the potstickers .	potstickers	neutral
That being said , if you do n't want to pay nearly 10 dollars for a bowl of zucchini , go elsewhere or pay extra for the broccoli .	zucchini	neutral
That being said , if you do n't want to pay nearly 10 dollars for a bowl of zucchini , go elsewhere or pay extra for the broccoli .	broccoli	neutral
Always great food and a lot of variety for vegetarians .	food	neutral
A few of the waiters / waitresses can be a bit stuck up , I ordered a very peculiar tasting margarita ( it tasted like salty water ) and when I asked them to take it back ( I do n't usually do this ) , I was told that there 's nothing wrong with how it was made .	waiters	neutral
A few of the waiters / waitresses can be a bit stuck up , I ordered a very peculiar tasting margarita ( it tasted like salty water ) and when I asked them to take it back ( I do n't usually do this ) , I was told that there 's nothing wrong with how it was made .	waitresses	neutral
A few of the waiters / waitresses can be a bit stuck up , I ordered a very peculiar tasting margarita ( it tasted like salty water ) and when I asked them to take it back ( I do n't usually do this ) , I was told that there 's nothing wrong with how it was made .	margarita	neutral
However , I 'm always very pleased with the food .	food	neutral
Portions that would make a fat kid blush .	Portions	neutral
Great presentation , delicious dishes , and always a genuinely friendly wait staff .	presentation	neutral
Great presentation , delicious dishes , and always a genuinely friendly wait staff .	dishes	neutral
Great presentation , delicious dishes , and always a genuinely friendly wait staff .	wait staff	neutral
My Greggo would suggest the chicken and waffles , and upon each dare , has successfully devoured all ( do n't judge him . )	chicken and waffles	neutral
I have loved the Tractor Driver Combo , the Benedicts , and the hash .....	Tractor Driver Combo	neutral
I have loved the Tractor Driver Combo , the Benedicts , and the hash .....	Benedicts	neutral
I have loved the Tractor Driver Combo , the Benedicts , and the hash .....	hash	neutral
I ordered the combo chicken and beef bowl with brown rice .	combo chicken	neutral
I ordered the combo chicken and beef bowl with brown rice .	beef bowl	neutral
It was your basic Teriyaki bowl	Teriyaki	neutral
and there was a fair portion of protein to rice ratio .	protein	neutral
and there was a fair portion of protein to rice ratio .	rice	neutral
Service was friendly and it 's close to my house and gym	Service	neutral
Great atmosphere , delicious food and yummy Bellinis !	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere , delicious food and yummy Bellinis !	food	neutral
Great atmosphere , delicious food and yummy Bellinis !	Bellinis	neutral
I highly recommend the whole menu , I have n't had a disappointing meal yet .	menu	neutral
I highly recommend the whole menu , I have n't had a disappointing meal yet .	meal	neutral
The food is really good here however service sucks .	food	neutral
The food is really good here however service sucks .	service	neutral
We have talked to the manager several times and he does n't do anything either .	manager	neutral
One time me , and my boyfriends friend got our food 30 minutes before he did and his burger came out literally ice cold as the bartender let it sit up there as we ate our hot food .	burger	neutral
By far the suckiest place and we will never go back .	place	neutral
I relish visiting Montreal because of Tri Express .	Tri Express	neutral
Chef Tri is the rockstar of the sushi world	Chef Tri	neutral
I do n't throw my panties at him when he 's making sushi	sushi	neutral
but the food is that good that I 've been tempted too .	food	neutral
but I much prefer his latest incarnation at Tri Express .	Tri Express	neutral
the tables are tiny ! )	tables	neutral
The portions are enough for eight people .	portions	neutral
Our meal was awesome , service was great !	meal	neutral
Our meal was awesome , service was great !	service	neutral
I would highly recommend Carmine 's for a large group or family gathering ! !	Carmine	neutral
Absolutely the worst customer service ever !	customer service	neutral
From manager to any of the cashiers the service is AWFUL .	manager	neutral
From manager to any of the cashiers the service is AWFUL .	cashiers	neutral
From manager to any of the cashiers the service is AWFUL .	service	neutral
Constantly getting stale donuts from this place .	donuts	neutral
Poor customer service and slow to boot .	customer service	neutral
6 choices for breakfast -- breakfast burrito , omelette variations , 1 classic breakfast .	breakfast burrito	neutral
6 choices for breakfast -- breakfast burrito , omelette variations , 1 classic breakfast .	omelette	neutral
6 choices for breakfast -- breakfast burrito , omelette variations , 1 classic breakfast .	breakfast	neutral
39 a cup , served with coffee grounds and one of those flimsy plastic stir sticks .	stir	neutral
This is a restaurant -- did someone steal the spoons ? ?	restaurant	neutral
Service was marginal .	Service	neutral
I made the vegetarian sandwich vegan ( removed mayo and cheese) ... ohhhh , it was good ! ! !	vegetarian sandwich	neutral
Wings , they way they should be .	Wings	neutral
Crispy outside , moist inside , with tasty sauce .	sauce	neutral
Good people and good food .	people	neutral
Good people and good food .	food	neutral
This subway is n't so bad , guys !	subway	neutral
Smallish location inside of College Park .	location	neutral
I find that the service is usually very fast ( do n't let the long lines at lunch intimidate you , they move fast ! ) , and they 've never gotten my order wrong .	service	neutral
They run out of the flatbread sometimes , which sucks .	flatbread	neutral
Service is okay , not overly friendly , but not rude by any means .	Service	neutral
I learned that this is a good hotel if you are mostly driven by price and ultimately unconcerned about the comforts you may get from a Double Tree or Holiday Inn .	hotel	neutral
The " woman of the night " then went on to scream at the top of her voice to detail how good her services / equipment are and why it was ultimately the customers ' loss .	services	neutral
The " woman of the night " then went on to scream at the top of her voice to detail how good her services / equipment are and why it was ultimately the customers ' loss .	equipment	neutral
Furthermore , I was disappointed in the lack of concern from the manager , which makes me think she was n't shocked and does n't care how it makes their establishment look .	manager	neutral
Furthermore , I was disappointed in the lack of concern from the manager , which makes me think she was n't shocked and does n't care how it makes their establishment look .	establishment	neutral
Second , the rooms are pretty old .	rooms	neutral
You can really see the age in the bathroom as it never appears clean even when they clean it .	bathroom	neutral
Also , the towels were really scratchy as if they dry their laundry on a clothes line in the Nevada sun .	towels	neutral
However , on a positive note , they do have mini - fridges , an ironing board , and free wi - fi .	mini	neutral
However , on a positive note , they do have mini - fridges , an ironing board , and free wi - fi .	wi	neutral
Overall , this is n't the worst hotel I have ever stayed , but it is on the lower end of the spectrum .	hotel	neutral
Prices were $ 80/night for the room .	room	neutral
Reclining chairs , assigned seats , and decent movie snacks .	movie snacks	neutral
It is a little pricey , but most definitely worth the quality , presentation , and taste of the food .	food	neutral
I 've tried the chicks on broadway ( with grilled chicken ) , bleu balsamic salad ( tried it with steak , chicken and shrimp ..	grilled chicken	neutral
all were amazing ! ) , fried balls ( or something like that ) appetizer , burgers and their truffle fries .	appetizer	neutral
all were amazing ! ) , fried balls ( or something like that ) appetizer , burgers and their truffle fries .	burgers	neutral
all were amazing ! ) , fried balls ( or something like that ) appetizer , burgers and their truffle fries .	truffle fries	neutral
Next I want to try their shrimp boats ( or something like that , it 's on a cucumber bed .	shrimp boats	neutral
Made me drool a bit when I saw it served to the table next to me ) and their tacos ( drooled when they were served too )	tacos	neutral
Boyfriend took me here because of his love for the chicken but they were out .	chicken	neutral
It was not too bad at first though because I still like pulled pork and the photo of their mac and cheese looked good .	mac and cheese	neutral
The cheese was almost water	cheese	neutral
The corn had no butter ( which I guess it usually does ? ) and the soda machine was pretty much carbonated water .	corn	neutral
The corn had no butter ( which I guess it usually does ? ) and the soda machine was pretty much carbonated water .	soda machine	neutral
but I want some satisfaction out of what I pay for when it 's almost $ 30 for a meal with a couple of sides .	meal	neutral
Besides , that they have FREE CIRCUS ACTS DAILY !	CIRCUS ACTS	neutral
I can not put my finger on the smell , but I think it 's just old / stale and smokey .	smell	neutral
To be fair , it looks like they have newer / nicer buildings and they have that Adventuredome with rides .	buildings	neutral
Even if the hotel was nice , I would prefer to stay closer to the heart of the downtown Las Vegas Strip .	hotel	neutral
It 's prettier , closer to most of the attractions , food , clubs , and so on .	food	neutral
Also , Circus Circus is in a sketchy area .	Circus Circus	neutral
The front building that we entered looked pretty sad and rundown , the upkeep on the inside and outside ( of that 1 building alone ) was poor .	front building	neutral
Stella was amazing .	Stella	neutral
Music , hookah , drinks , and a good night	Music	neutral
Music , hookah , drinks , and a good night	hookah	neutral
Thought it would be good sushi based on reviews ...	sushi	neutral
First of all , the rice had barely any , if at all , rice vinegar .	rice	neutral
So rice has no taste .	rice	neutral
My rice cooker can make better sushi rice with store bought sushi vinegar than this ....	sushi vinegar	neutral
Second , there is no wasabi in between the fish and rice in the nigiri .	fish	neutral
Second , there is no wasabi in between the fish and rice in the nigiri .	nigiri	neutral
Third , the sashimi does n't taste fresh , a strong strange after taste .	sashimi	neutral
I really enjoy this place a lot !	place	neutral
I am in search of some down home simple food that is healthy , high in protein , low in sugar and great in taste .	food	neutral
This is the place to go !	place	neutral
The El Jefe is a bit more expensive due to the amount of mean , since you are getting about 12 ounces of lean protein !	El Jefe	neutral
Southwest Bowl - Top Sirloin .	Southwest Bowl	neutral
Smoothies - I also have n't tried these yet , but we are talking some serious healthy ingredients !	Smoothies	neutral
Protein amounts will vary .	Protein	neutral
Breakfast - Love pancakes	Breakfast	neutral
Breakfast - Love pancakes	pancakes	neutral
They also have plenty of other items like Hash , Quesadilla , and even loaded oatmeal that you can add protein to !	Hash	neutral
They also have plenty of other items like Hash , Quesadilla , and even loaded oatmeal that you can add protein to !	Quesadilla	neutral
This is generally a order , pay and pick up your food type of place .	place	neutral
They have coffees and Frappuccinos as well as some specials and juices !	coffees	neutral
They have coffees and Frappuccinos as well as some specials and juices !	Frappuccinos	neutral
I like this place , be sure to check it out !	place	neutral
Definitely one of the best places in town to get sushi .	sushi	neutral
The chefs are very personable and make the rolls fast .	chefs	neutral
The kiss of fire is the best roll if you enjoy spicy things .	kiss of fire	neutral
The kiss of fire is the best roll if you enjoy spicy things .	roll	neutral
If you 're not in the mood for something spicy , the Nevada roll , is simple but delicious .	Nevada roll	neutral
All the ingredients they use are clean and fresh .	ingredients	neutral
It 's always a pleasure to come here and take saki shots .	saki	neutral
Feel free to sit anywhere at the sushi bar , you 're bound to have an enjoyable meal .	sushi bar	neutral
Feel free to sit anywhere at the sushi bar , you 're bound to have an enjoyable meal .	meal	neutral
Not the best quality in hibachi food .	hibachi food	neutral
Vegetables are not fresh and appears to be pre - made / cooked .	Vegetables	neutral
Tacos were soggy and hardly had anyway meat .	Tacos	neutral
Customer service was horrible to .	Customer service	neutral
They were rude and had no customer service skills .	customer service	neutral
wait was not too bad .	wait	neutral
We got seated and ordered , pizza 's were good , but I thought a bit pricey	pizza 's	neutral
... could overcome that , the ingredients were very fresh and good .	ingredients	neutral
But .... the service was something else !	service	neutral
Started out OK , but when were were trying to finish our meal the server kept constantly coming and taking away our plates as she thought each person was finished .... whether you were or not ....	server	neutral
the crust is great and some of us wanted to drizzle the olive oil on it , but we did not get the chance ; the plates and the olive oil were whisked off the table in flash , no chance to dawdle !	crust	neutral
I have had pizza just as good elsewhere in the Valley and had a much nicer experience and treatment ...	pizza	neutral
I did not know this was a fast food restaurant :(	restaurant	neutral
This place does it right !	place	neutral
I knew this was a good place when I walked in and saw all the police eating dinner .	place	neutral
Any place crowded with police or firemen has good food .	food	neutral
By far the WORST sushi place i have ever been to in my life , and not because of the sushi it self , but because of the HORRIBLE tall , loud ( not Japanese ) chef .	sushi	neutral
By far the WORST sushi place i have ever been to in my life , and not because of the sushi it self , but because of the HORRIBLE tall , loud ( not Japanese ) chef .	chef	neutral
I would rather eat store bought sushi and pay the same price , than eat here .	sushi	neutral
Horrible service , horrible attitude , horrible demeanor , horrible chef ,	service	neutral
Horrible service , horrible attitude , horrible demeanor , horrible chef ,	chef	neutral
good sushi though .	sushi	neutral
TALL CHEF , he needs to go .	CHEF	neutral
I tried the Smoke on the Water .	Smoke on the Water	neutral
I was impressed with the unusual decor of the restaurant .	decor	neutral
I was impressed with the unusual decor of the restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
so I got to enjoy watching workers make the over the top milkshakes .	milkshakes	neutral
My only complaint was that the service was slow and our food took over an hour to get to us .	service	neutral
My only complaint was that the service was slow and our food took over an hour to get to us .	food	neutral
I had one of the burgers and it was delicious .	burgers	neutral
Yummy yummy barbeque .	barbeque	neutral
They have lunch entrees which are a lil smaller than dinner but cheaper .	lunch entrees	neutral
The pulled pork is delicious !	pulled pork	neutral
We choose the ribs , pulled pork and bbq chicken .	ribs	neutral
We choose the ribs , pulled pork and bbq chicken .	pulled pork	neutral
We choose the ribs , pulled pork and bbq chicken .	bbq chicken	neutral
The cornbread is yummy and all the bbq sauce is delicious .	cornbread	neutral
The cornbread is yummy and all the bbq sauce is delicious .	bbq sauce	neutral
I still have n't gong to texas or missouri to try there bbq .	bbq	neutral
Beautiful restaurant with nice servers , went for a sunday brunch to celebrate my birthday , the cake and handwritten card was a nice touch , it is a little pricey but overall a positive experience .	restaurant	neutral
Beautiful restaurant with nice servers , went for a sunday brunch to celebrate my birthday , the cake and handwritten card was a nice touch , it is a little pricey but overall a positive experience .	servers	neutral
Beautiful restaurant with nice servers , went for a sunday brunch to celebrate my birthday , the cake and handwritten card was a nice touch , it is a little pricey but overall a positive experience .	cake	neutral
Beautiful restaurant with nice servers , went for a sunday brunch to celebrate my birthday , the cake and handwritten card was a nice touch , it is a little pricey but overall a positive experience .	card	neutral
Omelette was perfectly done , bread and croissant are alright	Omelette	neutral
Omelette was perfectly done , bread and croissant are alright	bread	neutral
Omelette was perfectly done , bread and croissant are alright	croissant	neutral
Instead a friendly oyster shucker at the nearby Starfish pointed me upwards Lucien .	oyster shucker	neutral
More importantly , their salmon was perhaps the best I 've ever eaten .	salmon	neutral
The gazpacho was quite nice .	gazpacho	neutral
And we were treated to a complimentary glass of port from the manager .	manager	neutral
An excellent meal all round .	meal	neutral
I went to hear a band here and was surprised to find the food was pretty good .	food	neutral
The service is excellent .	service	neutral
The band played upstairs and the sound system was very good .	band	neutral
The band played upstairs and the sound system was very good .	sound system	neutral
Terrible service and terrible food !	service	neutral
Terrible service and terrible food !	food	neutral
Food was bland and tasteless and she never bothered to fill our drinks .	Food	neutral
Chicken came out quickly , a little too , with the long wait ahead , but was awesome .	Chicken	neutral
Awhile later our fries showed up ... but a few minutes go by , no pigs face ... and then front of house manager ... he explained that he had a crying girl in the office because she dropped the pig on the way up the stairs .	front of house manager	neutral
They comped a bunch of our bill and could n't have been happier with the food , the atmosphere , and the way the corrected the problem .	food	neutral
They comped a bunch of our bill and could n't have been happier with the food , the atmosphere , and the way the corrected the problem .	atmosphere	neutral
Extremely slow service for people working at the airport who know people are in a hurry .	service	neutral
Horrible barista who ca n't take orders correctly .	barista	neutral
the air conditioner was so loud that you could n't talk ( only holds 2 - 4 people ) .	air conditioner	neutral
As soon as we sat , hostess yelled not there .	hostess	neutral
Bartender argued with her , and she left us there .	Bartender	neutral
Fresh batches of fried tofu continuously come out along with the Viet fish cake ( cha ca ) .	fried tofu	neutral
Fresh batches of fried tofu continuously come out along with the Viet fish cake ( cha ca ) .	Viet fish cake	neutral
They also have regular or pandan tofu pudding ( 莟 ) and have a wide variety of colourful desserts and drinks .	desserts	neutral
They also have regular or pandan tofu pudding ( 莟 ) and have a wide variety of colourful desserts and drinks .	drinks	neutral
The food , drinks and service are excellent and I for one am addicted .	food	neutral
The food , drinks and service are excellent and I for one am addicted .	drinks	neutral
The food , drinks and service are excellent and I for one am addicted .	service	neutral
The burgers are sublime .	burgers	neutral
The fries ... delicious , crisp and perfect .	fries	neutral
The eggplant Napoleon pushes me to the edge of sublime contentment .	eggplant Napoleon	neutral
The pizzas are perfect and their BBQ is exceptionally tangy and downright delicious .	pizzas	neutral
The pizzas are perfect and their BBQ is exceptionally tangy and downright delicious .	BBQ	neutral
Their draft beers are always cold and expertly poured and their wine selection is also excellent .	draft beers	neutral
Their draft beers are always cold and expertly poured and their wine selection is also excellent .	wine selection	neutral
I 've never left this place feeling less than perfectly satisfied and it has consistently made my day over and over again .	place	neutral
This is a neighborhood place worth cherishing and frequenting often .	place	neutral
As for me , you 'll find me there every other night with an expertly prepared cocktail , beer or glass of wine and a satisfied smile on my face .	cocktail	neutral
As for me , you 'll find me there every other night with an expertly prepared cocktail , beer or glass of wine and a satisfied smile on my face .	beer	neutral
I LOVE this place !	place	neutral
I want to give this place four stars because I know how hard the family works and how friendly they can be ...	place	neutral
Beginning with the tables -- sticky and oily !	tables	neutral
Gio Cuon ( Spring Roll appetizer ) , Mi Xao Don ( crispy stir fry noodles ) and Bun Bo Hue ( spicy beef rice noodle soup ) .	Spring Roll appetizer	neutral
Gio Cuon ( Spring Roll appetizer ) , Mi Xao Don ( crispy stir fry noodles ) and Bun Bo Hue ( spicy beef rice noodle soup ) .	crispy stir fry noodles	neutral
Gio Cuon ( Spring Roll appetizer ) , Mi Xao Don ( crispy stir fry noodles ) and Bun Bo Hue ( spicy beef rice noodle soup ) .	spicy beef rice noodle soup	neutral
It 's amazing how quickly they prepare the food here .	food	neutral
Our food arrived to the table and they brought two of the correct dishes and one incorrect item .	dishes	neutral
Instead of the spicy beef noodle soup , I got thick stir fried noodles .	stir	neutral
I told the gentleman it was n't what I ordered and he explained that the server who took my order was still new and had not learned the entire menu .	server	neutral
I mean , for about $ 6 - 7 a plate , you get a reasonably sized portion and it 's pretty good .	portion	neutral
Not the best Vietnamese food in the valley but still tasty .	Vietnamese food	neutral
I truly hope to see this place improve because they are hard working people and they deserve the business .	place	neutral
Me and my wife love this place !	place	neutral
We go here about every other date night!(the staff has even started recognizing us )	staff	neutral
The staff is very friendly and very attentive !	staff	neutral
We almLost always get Alfredo w/ chicken and it is the best I 've ever had !	Alfredo w/ chicken	neutral
Best sweet potato fries ever !	sweet potato fries	neutral
I ca n't wait to come back and try the milkshakes ! !	milkshakes	neutral
Enjoyed the shawarma place with rice and sides .	shawarma place	neutral
Enjoyed the shawarma place with rice and sides .	rice	neutral
Enjoyed the shawarma place with rice and sides .	sides	neutral
Really delicious and fresh food .	food	neutral
Clean place and delicious food .	place	neutral
Clean place and delicious food .	food	neutral
Tried this place for the first time and had the fish taco special .	fish taco special	neutral
My son has the kids chicken and it had a nice lite batter and was tasty too .	kids chicken	neutral
Definitely try this place .	place	neutral
The wait staff was very attentive and always made sure we had drinks .	wait staff	neutral
The hashbrowns were outstanding .	hashbrowns	neutral
We all enjoyed our food and it was cheap .	food	neutral
Smaller tables on one side of the bar .	tables	neutral
The cigar room had a ton of flat screens .	cigar room	neutral
Then there was a sitdown restaurant area which I did not visit .	restaurant	neutral
No bourbon wings , no onion strings no chicken strips .	bourbon wings	neutral
No bourbon wings , no onion strings no chicken strips .	chicken	neutral
Yummy sushi at reasonable price .	sushi	neutral
Loved the variety of the menu items .	menu items	neutral
Server was attentive .	Server	neutral
This is my favorite place to eat .	place	neutral
The other big thing is the people .	people	neutral
The burgers are the best anywhere and on Saturdays they are half price .	burgers	neutral
The jalape単o cole slaw is so tasty .	jalape単o cole slaw	neutral
You ca n't beat this place .... honestly .	place	neutral
The prices , the food and the company are superb .	food	neutral
This place has amazing Hawaiian food .	Hawaiian food	neutral
The owners are very friendly and the service is excellent !	owners	neutral
The owners are very friendly and the service is excellent !	service	neutral
You got to try this place ...	place	neutral
The view is gorgeous !	view	neutral
We tried the brussel sprouts and the fried chickpea hummus both were delicious !	brussel sprouts	neutral
We tried the brussel sprouts and the fried chickpea hummus both were delicious !	fried chickpea hummus	neutral
I would definitely recommend popping up there to try their cocktails , appetizers and check out the awesome views !	cocktails	neutral
I would definitely recommend popping up there to try their cocktails , appetizers and check out the awesome views !	views	neutral
Huge servings and great service .	servings	neutral
Huge servings and great service .	service	neutral
Try the breakfast tacos ! !	breakfast tacos	neutral
The beer bottles on ice and great chicken wings make you feel like you 're at an awesome tailgate party , all the way down to the port - a - potty bathrooms .	beer bottles	neutral
The beer bottles on ice and great chicken wings make you feel like you 're at an awesome tailgate party , all the way down to the port - a - potty bathrooms .	chicken wings	neutral
The beer bottles on ice and great chicken wings make you feel like you 're at an awesome tailgate party , all the way down to the port - a - potty bathrooms .	port	neutral
It 's got a very regular Baja Arcadia crowd but is friendly to newcomers also .	Baja Arcadia	neutral
Upscale Steakhouse , excellent food and great service .	Steakhouse	neutral
Upscale Steakhouse , excellent food and great service .	food	neutral
Upscale Steakhouse , excellent food and great service .	service	neutral
Love this building .	building	neutral
This is a GAT approved restaurant	restaurant	neutral
Ordered the chicken pupusas $ 8 .	chicken pupusas	neutral
49 & the Dr Pepper .	Dr Pepper	neutral
Enjoy the salsa music .	salsa music	neutral
The best street food in NYC .	street food	neutral
Chicken & refried bean stuffed in the corn flour soft shell , salsa & slaw like kimchi on the side .	Chicken	neutral
Chicken & refried bean stuffed in the corn flour soft shell , salsa & slaw like kimchi on the side .	refried bean	neutral
Chicken & refried bean stuffed in the corn flour soft shell , salsa & slaw like kimchi on the side .	salsa	neutral
I jazzed it up w the red hot .	red hot	neutral
Really enjoyed my lunch , cool place great people .	lunch	neutral
Really enjoyed my lunch , cool place great people .	place	neutral
Really enjoyed my lunch , cool place great people .	people	neutral
Note to self , lunchtime very fast .	lunchtime	neutral
Dinner took long time .	Dinner	neutral
I arrived and my sushi was perfectly set out on a table waiting for me .	sushi	neutral
Overall great sushi spot in Cabbagetown .	sushi	neutral
This restaurant definitely worst minus 0 star .	restaurant	neutral
We went there with 4 kids n 4 adult for all - you - can - eat korean Bbq and the food was worst than I expected .	all	neutral
We went there with 4 kids n 4 adult for all - you - can - eat korean Bbq and the food was worst than I expected .	korean Bbq	neutral
We went there with 4 kids n 4 adult for all - you - can - eat korean Bbq and the food was worst than I expected .	food	neutral
The menu indicated 2 hours limited .	menu	neutral
We were extremely disappointed of the service and felt they cheated on us .	service	neutral
By the way , the washroom was disgusting and we found a bug on the table while we were grilling the meat .	washroom	neutral
There are others options out there for better food , great service and a clean restaurant .	food	neutral
There are others options out there for better food , great service and a clean restaurant .	service	neutral
There are others options out there for better food , great service and a clean restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
This Embassy Suites is Ok .	Embassy Suites	neutral
It does not live up to the classic high end Embassy Suites that I 'm used to .	Embassy Suites	neutral
My front did n't shut on its own and the suites have this weird area that looks like a reconstituted kitchen from an old apartment .	suites	neutral
My front did n't shut on its own and the suites have this weird area that looks like a reconstituted kitchen from an old apartment .	area	neutral
The Carolina dog is good but the white chicken chili is great !	Carolina dog	neutral
The Carolina dog is good but the white chicken chili is great !	white chicken chili	neutral
This is the best Mexican restaurant .	Mexican restaurant	neutral
My daughter enjoys the steak nefia .	steak nefia	neutral
Get the tableside guacamole .	tableside	neutral
Get the tableside guacamole .	guacamole	neutral
Red and green Chile are excellent choices !	Red	neutral
Red and green Chile are excellent choices !	green Chile	neutral
We have tried several breakfast places on the Vegas strip and it does not even come close to the service , price , and quality of food at Egg and I.	Egg and	neutral
The Banana Nut Muffin is a MUST try ! ! !	Banana Nut Muffin	neutral
There 's no alcohol but the food more than made up for that .	food	neutral
The Best Marinara I 've ever had .	Marinara	neutral
We had the garlic bread , Greek salad , stuffed mushrooms and pizza .	garlic bread	neutral
We had the garlic bread , Greek salad , stuffed mushrooms and pizza .	Greek salad	neutral
We had the garlic bread , Greek salad , stuffed mushrooms and pizza .	stuffed mushrooms	neutral
Thanks for the great food and service .	food	neutral
Thanks for the great food and service .	service	neutral
We had spicy edamame as an appetizer and it was fantastic .	spicy edamame	neutral
After that we tried several different kinds of sushi and each of the dishes were amazing .	sushi	neutral
After that we tried several different kinds of sushi and each of the dishes were amazing .	dishes	neutral
I do n't think you can go wrong with any dish you order .	dish	neutral
This is a great place to get a burger , in Vegas or anywhere else for that matter .	place	neutral
The fries are good too .	fries	neutral
What 's really awesome about Burger Bar is the options that are available .	Burger Bar	neutral
You can choose the meat , bun , cheese , and other toppings , all adding up to a great burger .	meat	neutral
You can choose the meat , bun , cheese , and other toppings , all adding up to a great burger .	bun	neutral
You can choose the meat , bun , cheese , and other toppings , all adding up to a great burger .	burger	neutral
The kobe beef burger is definitely my favorite .	kobe beef burger	neutral
The portions are large as well , so if you are not too hungry you could split a burger and be pretty satisfied .	portions	neutral
The portions are large as well , so if you are not too hungry you could split a burger and be pretty satisfied .	burger	neutral
But why would you want to share a burger this good ? ! ?	burger	neutral
Only downsides are the wait for a table or booth , and that it is on the pricey side ... but not too bad by Vegas standards .	wait	neutral
The service here is unreal .	service	neutral
While everything here is indeed veg / vegan , the pad thai I had was not as good as other 's .	pad thai	neutral
Girlfriend had the pumpkin soup ( loved it ) and the green curry ( also enjoyed ) .	pumpkin soup	neutral
Girlfriend had the pumpkin soup ( loved it ) and the green curry ( also enjoyed ) .	green curry	neutral
Veggies were perfect on hers .	Veggies	neutral
I felt the pad thai was a bit cold for my taste .	pad thai	neutral
Either way , check this veggie restaurant out .	restaurant	neutral
Awesome coffee , cool staff .	coffee	neutral
Awesome coffee , cool staff .	staff	neutral
On your first visit you get a free pastry and they are amazing ! !	pastry	neutral
Do n't know why this place does n't have 5 stars !	place	neutral
Love this place !	place	neutral
Got the chicken shawarma plate , falafel and Rama poutine .	chicken shawarma plate	neutral
Got the chicken shawarma plate , falafel and Rama poutine .	falafel	neutral
Got the chicken shawarma plate , falafel and Rama poutine .	Rama poutine	neutral
Chicken and rice was very flavourful .	Chicken and rice	neutral
Not really a big fan of the Rama poutine , the rice went better with the chicken and sauce .	Rama poutine	neutral
Not really a big fan of the Rama poutine , the rice went better with the chicken and sauce .	rice	neutral
Not really a big fan of the Rama poutine , the rice went better with the chicken and sauce .	chicken	neutral
Not really a big fan of the Rama poutine , the rice went better with the chicken and sauce .	sauce	neutral
Will try the shawarma wraps next time	shawarma wraps	neutral
Rule # 1 , do nt let the long line intimidate you ....	line	neutral
the food is WELL worth the wait ! !	food	neutral
Best gumbo , oysters , and bread ! !	gumbo	neutral
Best gumbo , oysters , and bread ! !	oysters	neutral
Best gumbo , oysters , and bread ! !	bread	neutral
Great bbq I 'd found so far in NC .	bbq	neutral
Friendly staff and	staff	neutral
they have an outside seating that allows dogs which is fantastic !	outside seating	neutral
Their fried chicken and corn bread are so delicious !	fried chicken	neutral
Their fried chicken and corn bread are so delicious !	corn bread	neutral
It 's my go to place when I have friends from out of town .	place	neutral
Real southern Thai food .	southern Thai food	neutral
As a Thai vacationing here , I find most Thai restaurants here in the US make Thai food too oily and sweet .	Thai food	neutral
Southern Thai food is generally more spicy than normal Thai food .	Southern Thai food	neutral
Try the Khua Kling .	Khua Kling	neutral
The chilli paste is homemade and not the packaged variety .	chilli paste	neutral
Service was great - Helen is the bomb !	Service	neutral
Service was great - Helen is the bomb !	Helen	neutral
The portions - yikes !	portions	neutral
Their entrees can easily be split .	entrees	neutral
The BLT on 8grain bread - Yum !	BLT on 8grain bread	neutral
Ordered Curry Chicken & Walnut Shrimp .	Curry Chicken	neutral
The curry chicken was prepared with carrot slices , Sliced bell pepper , and onions in a yellow curry sauce .	curry chicken	neutral
Without the spice , the curry chicken was n't worth a second plate .	curry chicken	neutral
The walnut shrimp was in a lightly sweet creamy sauce , covered with 3 spoonfuls of fresh walnuts , served with a side of broccoli pieces .	walnut shrimp	neutral
That dish was worth trying again in the near future .	dish	neutral
I 'll just make sure , to remember what are the best dishes this location prepares .	dishes	neutral
We were all -- me and the 12-year - old niblings -- impressed with the cleanliness and efficiency of the underground walkways and buildings .	underground walkways	neutral
We were all -- me and the 12-year - old niblings -- impressed with the cleanliness and efficiency of the underground walkways and buildings .	buildings	neutral
It 's truly a terrific idea in a city that can get blisteringly cold .	city	neutral
They have really good sushi rice , but the construction of their rolls leaves something to be desired .	sushi rice	neutral
They have really good sushi rice , but the construction of their rolls leaves something to be desired .	rolls	neutral
Their rolls are a mess , and not really flavorful .	rolls	neutral
Service was good , with the exception of the waitress saying , " Hot plate ! " and then promptly setting that hot plate down right in front of my 10 month old daughter who enjoys grabbing everything .	Service	neutral
Service was good , with the exception of the waitress saying , " Hot plate ! " and then promptly setting that hot plate down right in front of my 10 month old daughter who enjoys grabbing everything .	waitress	neutral
The waitress may not have had kids , so that may explain why she would do that .	waitress	neutral
And the prices for the dim sum are around 2 . 80 , fairly inexpensive .	dim sum	neutral
The food was decent and came out fast and hot .	food	neutral
The staff are super friendly and very attentive .	staff	neutral
Absolutely the best sushi I 've ever had !	sushi	neutral
Super fresh and creative rolls .	rolls	neutral
My favorite is the jalape単o tuma roll !	jalape単o tuma roll	neutral
Fabulous view of the Strip too .	view of the	neutral
try the veggie burro or the shrimp fajitas and good service too	veggie burro	neutral
try the veggie burro or the shrimp fajitas and good service too	shrimp fajitas	neutral
try the veggie burro or the shrimp fajitas and good service too	service	neutral
Good atmosphere to work / study / camp / chill / surf .	atmosphere	neutral
Staff are friendly .	Staff	neutral
Good Wi - Fi ; plenty of power outlets .	Wi - Fi	neutral
Rustic chairs .	chairs	neutral
This used to be our favorite restaurant ...	restaurant	neutral
The service is terrible .	service	neutral
they never get our orders right , and the staff does n't seem to care ...	staff	neutral
I politely told the waiter ( grumpy guy named Mike ) that I was given the wrong order .	waiter	neutral
The manager yelled at me in front of my company and said I was wrong .	manager	neutral
Wonderful breakfast / brunch restaurant .	breakfast	neutral
The Distillery District is such a unique and delightful area to spend the day and the restaurants mirror it .	Distillery District	neutral
I like this place - the servers are pleasant , the service is fast , and the prices are good .	servers	neutral
I like this place - the servers are pleasant , the service is fast , and the prices are good .	service	neutral
They have some good takeout deals , but also a full menu with lots of variety .	takeout	neutral
They have some good takeout deals , but also a full menu with lots of variety .	menu	neutral
The Good : Friendly staff with a bit of an edge , they have no problem expressing themselves !	staff	neutral
The overall setting and mood of the place is pretty neat !	setting	neutral
The overall setting and mood of the place is pretty neat !	place	neutral
Burgers are hella tasty .	Burgers	neutral
Personally I had the " Dude " burger , which is pretty much you standard burger but with more oumph !	Dude " burger	neutral
If you are lucky enough to get a seat near the wall , you 'll love how long and roomy the couches are , they provide enough room to relax and eat .	couches	neutral
Not sure if it was just me , but personally I felt that the atmosphere / setting was lacking in the bar aspect ...	atmosphere	neutral
Not sure if it was just me , but personally I felt that the atmosphere / setting was lacking in the bar aspect ...	setting	neutral
Not sure if it was just me , but personally I felt that the atmosphere / setting was lacking in the bar aspect ...	bar	neutral
It 's more of a lounge than a bar .	lounge	neutral
Also for the price , the burgers can be a bit more on the beefier side ...	burgers	neutral
The Ugly : While the restaurant is clean , the walls could be a lot more cleaner in some areas ...	restaurant	neutral
The Ugly : While the restaurant is clean , the walls could be a lot more cleaner in some areas ...	walls	neutral
Defiantly one of the better burger joints , in Montreal .	burger	neutral
I had the saut辿ed NC trout with crab meat , granny smith apples ( also saut辿ed ) , and asparagus .	granny smith apples	neutral
The saut辿ed apples gave it a great flavor and the fish was melt - in - your - mouth .	saut辿ed apples	neutral
The saut辿ed apples gave it a great flavor and the fish was melt - in - your - mouth .	fish	neutral
I 'm not a huge fan of asparagus , but it was better than expected as well .	asparagus	neutral
The only place I thought would have been worth my money , was the crepe stand , but the crepes were soggy and moist by the time I got back to my eating area .	crepe stand	neutral
The only place I thought would have been worth my money , was the crepe stand , but the crepes were soggy and moist by the time I got back to my eating area .	crepes	neutral
My favorite part of this buffet was the sauteed mushrooms and the onion soup .	sauteed mushrooms	neutral
My favorite part of this buffet was the sauteed mushrooms and the onion soup .	onion soup	neutral
Even the prime rib was over done and dry .	prime rib	neutral
Will not be back , I rather take my buffet experience elsewhere and pay more for quality food .	food	neutral
The decor was nice and the waitresses were nice and helpful as well .	decor	neutral
The decor was nice and the waitresses were nice and helpful as well .	waitresses	neutral
I ordered the vermicelli with spring roll and grilled pork , my boyfriend got the same with chicken , his cousin also got the same with beef , 2 other cousins tried the pho ( it was n't the special	vermicelli with spring roll	neutral
I ordered the vermicelli with spring roll and grilled pork , my boyfriend got the same with chicken , his cousin also got the same with beef , 2 other cousins tried the pho ( it was n't the special	grilled pork	neutral
I ordered the vermicelli with spring roll and grilled pork , my boyfriend got the same with chicken , his cousin also got the same with beef , 2 other cousins tried the pho ( it was n't the special	chicken	neutral
I ordered the vermicelli with spring roll and grilled pork , my boyfriend got the same with chicken , his cousin also got the same with beef , 2 other cousins tried the pho ( it was n't the special	beef	neutral
I ordered the vermicelli with spring roll and grilled pork , my boyfriend got the same with chicken , his cousin also got the same with beef , 2 other cousins tried the pho ( it was n't the special	pho	neutral
Our vermicelli dishes were okay .	vermicelli dishes	neutral
I enjoyed the grilled pork , but the vermicelli and spring roll was n't anything special .	grilled pork	neutral
I enjoyed the grilled pork , but the vermicelli and spring roll was n't anything special .	vermicelli and spring roll	neutral
The vermicelli was a little too hard for our liking , that the cousin that ordered with beef did n't end up finishing his dish .	vermicelli	neutral
Also , the cousin who ordered the platter that came with rice complained that her meat had too much bone and fat , and not enough of the actual meat .	meat	neutral
I enjoyed my choice of mango and green tea , but oddly enough my boyfriend ordered the same but his " mango " looked like a light green colour and the flavour turned out to be a lime flavour , not mango .	mango	neutral
I enjoyed my choice of mango and green tea , but oddly enough my boyfriend ordered the same but his " mango " looked like a light green colour and the flavour turned out to be a lime flavour , not mango .	green tea	neutral
I enjoyed my choice of mango and green tea , but oddly enough my boyfriend ordered the same but his " mango " looked like a light green colour and the flavour turned out to be a lime flavour , not mango .	mango	neutral
This place is decent , but has some areas of improvement .	place	neutral
Red velvet was the only one I would want .	Red velvet	neutral
I thought that the cupcake lacked flavor , but the icing was very lovely .	cupcake	neutral
I thought that the cupcake lacked flavor , but the icing was very lovely .	icing	neutral
Note : my brother says that the oreo brownie is quite good .	oreo brownie	neutral
I love shawarma	shawarma	neutral
Service was quick - it was after lunch hour	Service	neutral
and as I was waiting for my order , I noticed how dirty the front area was .	front area	neutral
Maybe these guys are too busy to clean the grubbiness off the cooler windows , the counters , the till area , the garbage cans .	cooler	neutral
Maybe these guys are too busy to clean the grubbiness off the cooler windows , the counters , the till area , the garbage cans .	windows	neutral
Maybe these guys are too busy to clean the grubbiness off the cooler windows , the counters , the till area , the garbage cans .	counters	neutral
Maybe these guys are too busy to clean the grubbiness off the cooler windows , the counters , the till area , the garbage cans .	till area	neutral
Maybe these guys are too busy to clean the grubbiness off the cooler windows , the counters , the till area , the garbage cans .	garbage	neutral
They do use plastic gloves and seem to keep the prep area reasonably clean .	prep area	neutral
I have never had chicken shawarma that contained bone !	chicken shawarma	neutral
I do n't recommend this place .	place	neutral
I LOVE this place .	place	neutral
Amazing service , you truly feel like family .	service	neutral
Delicious food , whether you are there for dinner service or the lunch buffet .	food	neutral
Fantastic food !	food	neutral
I had the classic tasting menu and all the dishes were great .	tasting menu	neutral
I had the classic tasting menu and all the dishes were great .	dishes	neutral
I especially loved the chicken croquets and the cured jamon .	chicken croquets	neutral
I especially loved the chicken croquets and the cured jamon .	cured jamon	neutral
I used to go there more often , but the last few times the wait has been waaay too long .	wait	neutral
I got home and started to eat only to find that the beans tasted like canned beans from the grocery store .	beans	neutral
But I will probably still stop in from time to time , the enchiladas at Villas are really good .	enchiladas	neutral
The bean burrito was not bad before when I have had it .	bean burrito	neutral
This is among the best pizzas available in Madison .	pizzas	neutral
Only Pizza Brutta is better * , and that 's sort of a different experience anyway .	Pizza Brutta	neutral
Glass Nickel is also good , but it 's a thicker , more filling ( and less elegant ) pizza .	Glass Nickel	neutral
Glass Nickel is also good , but it 's a thicker , more filling ( and less elegant ) pizza .	pizza	neutral
The crust is nice and thin , the ingredients seem to be of good quality , and the flavor is good .	crust	neutral
The crust is nice and thin , the ingredients seem to be of good quality , and the flavor is good .	ingredients	neutral
The pizzas are normal size , but because of the thin crust , it 's pretty easy for two people to eat a whole pizza in one sitting , without feeling bloated and sluggish afterwards .	pizzas	neutral
The pizzas are normal size , but because of the thin crust , it 's pretty easy for two people to eat a whole pizza in one sitting , without feeling bloated and sluggish afterwards .	thin crust	neutral
We rarely have leftovers from Roman Candle , which is probably good , since it does n't re - heat as well as some other pizzas .	Roman Candle	neutral
The store is pleasant enough - bright , with lots of windows for people - watching ; magazines to read ; and it 's kept clean .	store	neutral
The store is pleasant enough - bright , with lots of windows for people - watching ; magazines to read ; and it 's kept clean .	windows	neutral
That store is apparently owned by relatives of the owners of the late , great Casa Bianca , may it rest in peace .	Casa Bianca	neutral
I prefer that my pizza place not try to kill me .	pizza place	neutral
This was our regular pizza joint for about a year .	pizza	neutral
Dinner buffet was $ 12 .	Dinner buffet	neutral
Curry was more watery , masala papad was super spicy ( had to drink 2 glasses of water ) & naan was rubbery .	Curry	neutral
Curry was more watery , masala papad was super spicy ( had to drink 2 glasses of water ) & naan was rubbery .	masala papad	neutral
Curry was more watery , masala papad was super spicy ( had to drink 2 glasses of water ) & naan was rubbery .	naan	neutral
Would not recommend this place to anyone .	place	neutral
Service was only okay .	Service	neutral
Food was good .	Food	neutral
Then after working it out with the server he did n't do it .	server	neutral
Food here is always good .	Food	neutral
The service like most places is hit or miss .	service	neutral
If your server is a teenager going through an emo stage expect a " miss " .	server	neutral
But this review for me is about comparing this place to it 's peer group .	place	neutral
, every time I eat here the food is good , lots 's of choices , the price is where you 'd expect and as far as a chain cafe it 's pretty hard to beat .	food	neutral
Anyways , I ordered the chicken Parmesan sandwich .	chicken	neutral
For one , the breeding on the chicken had turned to mush , so was n't crispy , or even soft , it was mushy .	chicken	neutral
Overall , I 'd come here again to try a deli sandwich and their desserts .	desserts	neutral
My boyfriend and I love ramen .	ramen	neutral
We went to ramen sora because his cousin told us it 's the best ramen in Las Vegas	ramen	neutral
The only downside is that there 's no tonkotsu , which is my boyfriends fav .	tonkotsu	neutral
He got the shoyu tho and said it was really good which is saying a lot for someone who orders exclusively tonkotsu .	shoyu	neutral
He said the chashu was one of the best he has had .	chashu	neutral
I got the spicy miso and it was the perfect amount of spicy !	spicy miso	neutral
The slice of pork I got was way too salty tho , and that was my only negative .	slice of pork	neutral
Beware : this place is pretty small so not ideal for big parties !	place	neutral
The food was amazing .	food	neutral
Only improvement is the service .	service	neutral
Server are friendly , but not professionally trained , and not organized enough .	Server	neutral
I will go back for the food ! !	food	neutral
I love this place especially for ordering take out .	place	neutral
However , they used to have a massive menu of 50 + specialty rolls which have now dwindled down to around 25 .	specialty rolls	neutral
I always ordered the Pixie roll which was a soft shell crab roll with soy paper	Pixie roll	neutral
But since I ca n't get it all the time I have found a close favorite called The Volcano Roll .	Volcano Roll	neutral
I love the green mussells with dynamite sauce too .	green mussells with dynamite sauce	neutral
Oh and chicken curry fried rice .	chicken curry fried rice	neutral
It 's really not that hard to mess up chicken satay , but I 'm really picky with my peanut sauce since I 've tasted some horrible stuff before .	chicken satay	neutral
Thank God this place got it right .	place	neutral
All the other entrees are good .	entrees	neutral
I like this place so far .	place	neutral
I 've got nothing to complain about this place yet .	place	neutral
Solid place for some really decent Chinese food .	Chinese food	neutral
No matter how you order , dine in , take out , delivery , you get the food fast and the service is extremely friendly .	service	neutral
We tried a variety of dishes , and in my opinion the best food they have is : Combination Chow Mein , Singapore Mei Fun , Chicken and Broccoli , and Shrimp with Broccoli .	dishes	neutral
We tried a variety of dishes , and in my opinion the best food they have is : Combination Chow Mein , Singapore Mei Fun , Chicken and Broccoli , and Shrimp with Broccoli .	Combination Chow Mein	neutral
We tried a variety of dishes , and in my opinion the best food they have is : Combination Chow Mein , Singapore Mei Fun , Chicken and Broccoli , and Shrimp with Broccoli .	Singapore Mei Fun	neutral
We tried a variety of dishes , and in my opinion the best food they have is : Combination Chow Mein , Singapore Mei Fun , Chicken and Broccoli , and Shrimp with Broccoli .	Chicken and Broccoli	neutral
We tried a variety of dishes , and in my opinion the best food they have is : Combination Chow Mein , Singapore Mei Fun , Chicken and Broccoli , and Shrimp with Broccoli .	Shrimp with Broccoli	neutral
Each dish has very nice flavors for what they are .	dish	neutral
The advertise their orange chicken as the best .	orange chicken	neutral
The only downside is that their healthy options are limited , albeit they have a special menu for healthy people , such as only steamed chicken / shrimp with veggies .	healthy	neutral
The only downside is that their healthy options are limited , albeit they have a special menu for healthy people , such as only steamed chicken / shrimp with veggies .	steamed chicken	neutral
Before I forget , they DO have brown rice upon request , which is the healthier option , but bland .	brown rice	neutral
, The bacon was good .	bacon	neutral
I was absolutely ok with spending $ 50 on breakfast for 3 people .	breakfast	neutral
I just do not think the food is spectacular like Matt 's Big Breakfast .	food	neutral
Service & hospitality were great for brunch ( balloons and things to do for kids ! ) .	Service	neutral
Service & hospitality were great for brunch ( balloons and things to do for kids ! ) .	hospitality	neutral
Food was good .	Food	neutral
I like the restaurant	restaurant	neutral
The space is huge .	space	neutral
All the waiters / waitresses wore uniform of colorful stripe ties with a black slack and shirt .	waiters	neutral
All the waiters / waitresses wore uniform of colorful stripe ties with a black slack and shirt .	waitresses	neutral
It 's more of a dressier place for Mediterranean food .	Mediterranean food	neutral
The plates itself are huge .	plates	neutral
The menus all have pictures which I like .	menus	neutral
I had the gyro and you have an option of getting fries or rice or a combo of both .	gyro	neutral
My friend had the combo plate which came with the chicken , lamb chops , and some ground meat .	combo plate	neutral
Chicken was dry and tasteless .	Chicken	neutral
My hubby had the lamb kabob plate and the meat was ok .	lamb kabob plate	neutral
My hubby had the lamb kabob plate and the meat was ok .	meat	neutral
Overall you are getting a good deal for the food	food	neutral
Great place for dates and/or group events ( we saw a bachelorette party going on ) .	place	neutral
There 's a DJ each night or live music , so that added to the ambience .	ambience	neutral
There is a HUGE selection of wine , literally a binder with at least 1000 varieties , which was overwhelming for us , so we just told our server what we were interested in and they gave us suggestions to go with .	wine	neutral
It 's a very cozy place , I think I 'd like to come back with the bf again next time to try the food as well	place	neutral
It 's a very cozy place , I think I 'd like to come back with the bf again next time to try the food as well	food	neutral
Great food , have on occasion had issues with the service .	food	neutral
Great food , have on occasion had issues with the service .	service	neutral
One of the best burgers in the valley , customers select their patty - Kobe , salmon , chicken , portobello available as optiona , bread , cheese , and customize their toppings .	salmon	neutral
One of the best burgers in the valley , customers select their patty - Kobe , salmon , chicken , portobello available as optiona , bread , cheese , and customize their toppings .	chicken	neutral
One of the best burgers in the valley , customers select their patty - Kobe , salmon , chicken , portobello available as optiona , bread , cheese , and customize their toppings .	toppings	neutral
I have always found their patties tender and juicy .	patties	neutral
The first time we went to blu burger for lunch , it was n't very busy , but our waiter ingnored our table the whole time to chit - chat with a co - worker .	blu	neutral
The first time we went to blu burger for lunch , it was n't very busy , but our waiter ingnored our table the whole time to chit - chat with a co - worker .	waiter	neutral
After receiving our check , I waited approx 10 min for our waiter to take my credit card .	waiter	neutral
In the time that we waited for our food , the staff turned away 3 other couples .	staff	neutral
Ironically , the service is much better when it 's a bit busy .	service	neutral
The staff does n't feel that it is worthwhile to take care of their customers when there 's only a few tables .	staff	neutral
I hope Blu Burger makes it .	Blu Burger	neutral
The food makes it worthwhile to go .	food	neutral
It would be a shame if the staffing / managment issues put the restaurant under .	staffing	neutral
The pho here is decent though the menu is quite small .	pho	neutral
The pho here is decent though the menu is quite small .	menu	neutral
Be prepared to pay about double what you would normally be charged at a pho place , but there is little doubt about how clean the kitchen here .	kitchen	neutral
[ however you spell the word]. Their old fashioned doughnuts -- they have regular or chocolate -- are especially divine .	doughnuts	neutral
[ however you spell the word]. Their old fashioned doughnuts -- they have regular or chocolate -- are especially divine .	regular	neutral
They have a wonderful crisp exterior with a tender , cakey interior and pack on just the right amount of sweetness .	interior	neutral
The apple fritters are amazing , as well .	apple fritters	neutral
The service can be sketchy and even downright rude at times , but 1 ) we 're only interacting for two minutes at most and 2 )	service	neutral
I did n't think there were any good sushi bars nearby work , but considering we were just having lunch , I was OK with average sushi for this occasion .	sushi	neutral
We rolled up to the place , and found an empty business park , except for this one restaurant set back from the main road .	restaurant	neutral
A complete olio of handwritten dishes , some of which may have been up there for ages for all I could tell .	dishes	neutral
I ordered an assortment of sushi , the grilled hamachi kama , the ankimo ( any place that serves ankimo is automatically above average ) , a bluefin toro hand roll ( not on the menu , but I asked the chef to make me one ) , and an uni shooter .	sushi	neutral
I ordered an assortment of sushi , the grilled hamachi kama , the ankimo ( any place that serves ankimo is automatically above average ) , a bluefin toro hand roll ( not on the menu , but I asked the chef to make me one ) , and an uni shooter .	grilled hamachi kama	neutral
I ordered an assortment of sushi , the grilled hamachi kama , the ankimo ( any place that serves ankimo is automatically above average ) , a bluefin toro hand roll ( not on the menu , but I asked the chef to make me one ) , and an uni shooter .	bluefin toro hand roll	neutral
As the sushi arrived , it became clear to me that the chef actually knew what he was doing .	chef	neutral
He was an older Japanese gentleman with a hard - to - decipher accent , and clearly he was trained in the art of traditional sushi .	sushi	neutral
The sushi was properly garnished such that I did n't have to use soy sauce on but one or two items , the rice properly melted in my mouth , and the meal was properly paced .	sushi	neutral
The sushi was properly garnished such that I did n't have to use soy sauce on but one or two items , the rice properly melted in my mouth , and the meal was properly paced .	rice	neutral
Those who prefer their sushi Americanized and doused in wasabi may not find this place to be anything special , due to its lack of " scene . "	sushi	neutral
But as a fan of traditional sushi , I would say this is one of the top three places I have found in the Phoenix area .	sushi	neutral
Our first dinner in Toronto , and Korean Village Restaurant was amazing .	Korean Village Restaurant	neutral
The interior is a bit old school , but also charming - private booths , some private dining rooms , and lots of plants .	interior	neutral
The interior is a bit old school , but also charming - private booths , some private dining rooms , and lots of plants .	private booths	neutral
The interior is a bit old school , but also charming - private booths , some private dining rooms , and lots of plants .	private dining rooms	neutral
Most of the menu features Korean onions and then at the very end are some Japanese entrees and sushi - you want to skip those .	menu	neutral
The highlights , aside from the freshest and most tasty banchan I 've had , were the spicy shrimp stone bowl - a bibimbap with the usual suspects ( egg , spinach , bean sprouts ) with the addition of deliciously spicy shrimp .	banchan	neutral
The highlights , aside from the freshest and most tasty banchan I 've had , were the spicy shrimp stone bowl - a bibimbap with the usual suspects ( egg , spinach , bean sprouts ) with the addition of deliciously spicy shrimp .	spicy shrimp stone bowl	neutral
The highlights , aside from the freshest and most tasty banchan I 've had , were the spicy shrimp stone bowl - a bibimbap with the usual suspects ( egg , spinach , bean sprouts ) with the addition of deliciously spicy shrimp .	shrimp	neutral
And the jap chae , so often bland , was stellar - filled with onions , scallions , and bean sprouts .	jap chae	neutral
Spinach Tortellini with alfredo sauce was quite delicious , as well as the Four Cheese Pizza .	Spinach Tortellini with alfredo sauce	neutral
Spinach Tortellini with alfredo sauce was quite delicious , as well as the Four Cheese Pizza .	Four Cheese Pizza	neutral
Cheese on this pizza was quite thick , almost a chore to cut and serve with the spatula .	Cheese	neutral
Cheese on this pizza was quite thick , almost a chore to cut and serve with the spatula .	pizza	neutral
Crust is golden , chewy overall , and rather medium in thickness .	Crust	neutral
Clean & new place with newer furniture , and plenty of round tables .	place	neutral
Clean & new place with newer furniture , and plenty of round tables .	furniture	neutral
Clean & new place with newer furniture , and plenty of round tables .	round tables	neutral
Server was prompt and polite , and was helpful with menu selections .	Server	neutral
Server was prompt and polite , and was helpful with menu selections .	menu	neutral
I wish the tables were bigger .	tables	neutral
Draft selection was poor as well with Anheuser - Busch / InBev products only .	Draft selection	neutral
Nice quiet lunch spot on weekdays .	lunch	neutral
Great food !	food	neutral
Piri piri sauce is amazing .	Piri piri sauce	neutral
Service is not the most friendly but good value for price	Service	neutral
Not sure why this place only has a 3 star average .	place	neutral
The food is always fantastic and served quickly .	food	neutral
The atmosphere is beautiful and elegant with many chandeliers and luxurious booths .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is beautiful and elegant with many chandeliers and luxurious booths .	booths	neutral
There 's also a cool old trolley that you can sit in for dinner .	trolley	neutral
They have a nice patio that overlooks a water feature .	patio	neutral
This place is located in the Chandler Fashion Center , making it a very convenient location .	place	neutral
If you 're looking for a nice , but affordable Italian restaurant , this is the place .	Italian restaurant	neutral
Love this place !	place	neutral
The broth is unbelievable .	broth	neutral
The chicken pho is my favorite and their spring rolls are amazing !	chicken pho	neutral
The chicken pho is my favorite and their spring rolls are amazing !	spring rolls	neutral
Unfortunately the tofu here is the latter .	tofu	neutral
I ordered the yellow curry tofu , and the tofu was just chunks of softer tofu cut up into my curry .	yellow curry	neutral
The curry was rich and had a good spice to it , there was also an ample amount of vegetables .	curry	neutral
The curry was rich and had a good spice to it , there was also an ample amount of vegetables .	vegetables	neutral
The presentation with the rice moulded to a small cone was a nice touch .	presentation	neutral
The presentation with the rice moulded to a small cone was a nice touch .	rice	neutral
One of the best features of this establishment is its choice location .	location	neutral
I first visited this place to sample the Indian fare which had a good spin on the campus at CPCC .	Indian fare	neutral
Of course I was drawn to the cliche 1950 's pacific - rim archaeologist motif	pacific - rim archaeologist	neutral
but it was just slightly interesting as compared to the sushi menu , which was surprisingly diverse .	sushi menu	neutral
The Maki rolls were above average and the Soundboy roll ( spicy tuna or smoked salmon Philly tempura ) was very good .	Maki rolls	neutral
The Maki rolls were above average and the Soundboy roll ( spicy tuna or smoked salmon Philly tempura ) was very good .	Soundboy roll	neutral
The Maki rolls were above average and the Soundboy roll ( spicy tuna or smoked salmon Philly tempura ) was very good .	spicy tuna or	neutral
The Maki rolls were above average and the Soundboy roll ( spicy tuna or smoked salmon Philly tempura ) was very good .	smoked salmon Philly tempura	neutral
The Maki is solid and the Nagiri is good as well .	Maki	neutral
The Maki is solid and the Nagiri is good as well .	Nagiri	neutral
The price is a little above average but you get a decent portion of good sushi .	portion	neutral
The price is a little above average but you get a decent portion of good sushi .	sushi	neutral
Try the Asahi bottled beer with the warm house sake .	Asahi bottled beer	neutral
Try the Asahi bottled beer with the warm house sake .	warm house sake	neutral
The Indian pancake is great for a shared appetizer .	Indian pancake	neutral
The Indian side of the menu is pretty good as well , so give it a shot on your following visit .	Indian side	neutral
The Indian side of the menu is pretty good as well , so give it a shot on your following visit .	menu	neutral
I recommend Malaya overall for the sushi , location and atmosphere .	sushi	neutral
I recommend Malaya overall for the sushi , location and atmosphere .	location	neutral
I recommend Malaya overall for the sushi , location and atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Had 2 meals delivered , this was horrible .	meals	neutral
the sweet and sour shrimp did n't even have the sweet and sour sauce .	sweet and sour shrimp	neutral
First and last time I eat from this place .	place	neutral
Meal was overpriced because it was valentine 's day .	Meal	neutral
The portions were small , but I did n't finish anything because it was n't tasty .	portions	neutral
Still , we sat right by the window and the view was incredible !	view	neutral
My has been ordered the chimichurri steak and the mushroom Risotto and I ordered the lobster roll .	mushroom Risotto	neutral
I tried my lobster roll , which was a hand shelled lobster ( maybe less than 6 oz . )	lobster roll	neutral
that was on a soggy piece of garlic bread next to a tasty little spring salad .	spring salad	neutral
The lobster roll was not worth the $ 14 .	lobster roll	neutral
The risotto was cooked just right with rich and creamy mushroom flavors .	risotto	neutral
The risotto was cooked just right with rich and creamy mushroom flavors .	mushroom	neutral
The meat was rare and tender .	meat	neutral
I do n't think I would come back for the lobster roll , and the service was mediocre with the cashier looking like he was miserable , although I think he was also the owner .	lobster roll	neutral
I do n't think I would come back for the lobster roll , and the service was mediocre with the cashier looking like he was miserable , although I think he was also the owner .	service	neutral
I do n't think I would come back for the lobster roll , and the service was mediocre with the cashier looking like he was miserable , although I think he was also the owner .	cashier	neutral
I 'm happy to report that it was amazingly authentic food !	food	neutral
The menu had plenty of vegetarian and non - vegetarian dishes and the waitress was very attentive .	menu	neutral
The menu had plenty of vegetarian and non - vegetarian dishes and the waitress was very attentive .	waitress	neutral
Today I had the Tom Yum soup , chicken spring rolls , and Korean noodles with beef .	chicken spring rolls	neutral
The food came out fresh and quick .	food	neutral
It is a good place To go with family .	place	neutral
Sure there are many other better poutine places , but being in my neighbourhood , this location is definitely a convenient one and the poutine is n't too bad .	poutine	neutral
Poutine that is n't too salty , has lots of cheese curds , flavourful gravy , plus crispy fries , what is there not to like ?	cheese curds	neutral
Poutine that is n't too salty , has lots of cheese curds , flavourful gravy , plus crispy fries , what is there not to like ?	gravy	neutral
Poutine that is n't too salty , has lots of cheese curds , flavourful gravy , plus crispy fries , what is there not to like ?	fries	neutral
They offer a variety of poutine in different sizes , but the traditional poutine in regular size just hits the spot when poutine craving hits the growling stomach .	poutine	neutral
They offer a variety of poutine in different sizes , but the traditional poutine in regular size just hits the spot when poutine craving hits the growling stomach .	poutine	neutral
What 's happened to this First Watch ?	First Watch	neutral
Yet , we watched waitresses / waiters standing around gazing at customers with no sense of urgency at all .	waitresses	neutral
Yet , we watched waitresses / waiters standing around gazing at customers with no sense of urgency at all .	waiters	neutral
When a waiter QGgmyelled at the host to clean a table , the host angrily swiped food and paper onto the floor .	waiter	neutral
The irony was there were clean tables where customers could have been seated .	tables	neutral
Deplorable display of customer service , in any case .	customer service	neutral
Half of our food was cold and the other half the French toast , the biscuits , waffles were hard .	food	neutral
Half of our food was cold and the other half the French toast , the biscuits , waffles were hard .	French toast	neutral
Half of our food was cold and the other half the French toast , the biscuits , waffles were hard .	biscuits , waffles	neutral
The sausage and bacon were beyond greasy and disgusting .	sausage	neutral
The sausage and bacon were beyond greasy and disgusting .	bacon	neutral
The only decent thing were the drinks .	drinks	neutral
We went on a Thursday and missed their set menu but had a great meal anyway .	meal	neutral
We were two couples and sat in the back of the downstairs section which is very cosy .	downstairs section	neutral
The service was a very good blend of attentiveness and comfort and the house wine ( Portuguese ) was very good for the reasonable price .	service	neutral
The service was a very good blend of attentiveness and comfort and the house wine ( Portuguese ) was very good for the reasonable price .	house wine (	neutral
The service was a very good blend of attentiveness and comfort and the house wine ( Portuguese ) was very good for the reasonable price .	Portuguese )	neutral
Both couples started with the mussels which were probably the best I 've ever had - a thin coconut and lime sauce which works incredibly well together .	mussels	neutral
Both couples started with the mussels which were probably the best I 've ever had - a thin coconut and lime sauce which works incredibly well together .	thin coconut and lime sauce	neutral
That reminds me that the white bread , which I used to eat the sauce with , was also amazing .	white bread	neutral
I had the lamb shank which was very tasty	lamb shank	neutral
had the half chicken and risotto .	half chicken and risotto	neutral
All said their meals were very good .	meals	neutral
I got to eat the rest of my wife 's risotto which I was only too happy to do .	risotto	neutral
The two desserts we ordered were shared and were very well presented , even better to taste and were large enough to share .	desserts	neutral
Overall , a great place to have a very good meal without breaking the bank .	meal	neutral
Great food great atmosphere and great service !	food	neutral
Great food great atmosphere and great service !	atmosphere	neutral
Great food great atmosphere and great service !	service	neutral
Absolutely loved their spicy dragon sauce	spicy dragon sauce	neutral
Great food .	food	neutral
Poor service .	service	neutral
Not bad service just not attentive when you have to keep asking for things	service	neutral
Very disappointing service .	service	neutral
The food was bar food at best .	food	neutral
Our server we saw twice , took our order and brought our food .	server	neutral
No drink refills , no checking to see if we enjoyed our meal .	meal	neutral
The service here was horrible , I have had better guest service at McDonalds .	service	neutral
Avoid this place you can thank me later .	place	neutral
Then the same waitress came over to take my order with an attitude .	waitress	neutral
The manager could not wait for me to finish my statement and said she 'd check .	manager	neutral
Pros ... Food and atmosphere .	Food	neutral
Pros ... Food and atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Cons ... horrible service .	service	neutral
the worst service I have ever had .	service	neutral
And I was taking clients there as I thought it was an impressive place .	place	neutral
We waited 20 minutes before the server even came around to take our order .	server	neutral
I come to this place almost every Monday for their unique Chef Special ( off menu ) .	Chef Special	neutral
BTW , who can say no to Coronado Cafe 's Chicken Chowder Soup ?	Chicken Chowder Soup	neutral
And make sure you leave some room for dessert .	dessert	neutral
Grimaldi 's has a prime location and a simple menu consisting of mostly pizza , salads , and drinks .	menu	neutral
Grimaldi 's has a prime location and a simple menu consisting of mostly pizza , salads , and drinks .	pizza	neutral
Grimaldi 's has a prime location and a simple menu consisting of mostly pizza , salads , and drinks .	salads	neutral
I have been here several times and have been the recipient of take out as well , but sadly I have never understood all love this place gets .	place	neutral
The pizza is mediocre and pricey , the salads are decent but nothing to write home about , and the drinks are just drinks .	pizza	neutral
The pizza is mediocre and pricey , the salads are decent but nothing to write home about , and the drinks are just drinks .	salads	neutral
The pizza is mediocre and pricey , the salads are decent but nothing to write home about , and the drinks are just drinks .	drinks	neutral
I 'm torn in a review for here because the food is great .	food	neutral
It 's the customer service that will stop me from coming back .	customer service	neutral
i prefer zabas	zabas	neutral
chicken was bomb , bomb .	chicken	neutral
and steak was a little tooo dry for my burrito bowl .	steak	neutral
chips do n't have much of that lime taste that i like in chipotle chips .	chips	neutral
The food was delicious but more importantly the service was perfect !	food	neutral
The food was delicious but more importantly the service was perfect !	service	neutral
Mo was our waiter and he was attentive and accommodating .	Mo	neutral
Kudos to the kitchen staff !	kitchen staff	neutral
The catfish did not taste fresh .	catfish	neutral
The curry was way too light to be even called curry .	curry	neutral
She said the broth tasted like someone just made the broth with some water and medicated oil ( like putting Tiger Balm or menthol in hot water and calling it broth ) .	broth	neutral
The seafood in the Tom Yum was so chewy ( like it was totally overcooked ) .	seafood	neutral
The seafood in the Tom Yum was so chewy ( like it was totally overcooked ) .	Tom Yum	neutral
Also pare down the menu to what you do well , and what you do best .	menu	neutral
The waitress was Vietnamese , as my wife , who is originally from Vietnam , picked up the language they were speaking in the back amongst themselves .	waitress	neutral
We would rather spend our money elsewhere where the food is edible .	food	neutral
The menu is HUGE and has something for everyone .	menu	neutral
The service is quick and friendly .	service	neutral
Typical diner though ...	diner	neutral
Service has improved A LOT .	Service	neutral
I have been there a few times since using the gift certificate & wow , every time has been a great experience with attentive service ! !	service	neutral
It seems somewhat counter - intuitive to review Bountiful Baskets , as it 's NOT a business - but if it helps people who are wondering about the process and the produce ... then I suppose reviews help !	Baskets	neutral
I love that the money I contribute goes directly to buying the best produce possible , and not to someone 's over - inflated CEO paycheck .	produce	neutral
Let me be the first to say - if you do n't love fruit and veggies , Bountiful Baskets is probably not for you !	Baskets	neutral
In addition to the surprise and variety of the produce - I also have to say that 99 . 99999 % of the time , the freshness is MUCH better than what I get from the store too .	produce	neutral
I think the only " bad " thing I can say about BB is ...	BB	neutral
Their food is BOMB .	food	neutral
The Carne Asada burrito was just massive and so flavorful .	Carne Asada burrito	neutral
Also the salsa was perfect .	salsa	neutral
Food was okay ......	Food	neutral
service was pretty good for buffet .....	service	neutral
Customer service was everything you could ask for in an upscale restaurant such as Sushisamba ; they were attentive with all of our requests and the wine list they offered was rather impressive .	Customer service	neutral
Customer service was everything you could ask for in an upscale restaurant such as Sushisamba ; they were attentive with all of our requests and the wine list they offered was rather impressive .	wine list	neutral
The atmosphere was the best part of the experience - from the contemporary jazz playing in the background to the modern paintings and portraits decorating the room I would have to highly recommend this restaurant for any sushi lover for tourist for that matter .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere was the best part of the experience - from the contemporary jazz playing in the background to the modern paintings and portraits decorating the room I would have to highly recommend this restaurant for any sushi lover for tourist for that matter .	jazz	neutral
The atmosphere was the best part of the experience - from the contemporary jazz playing in the background to the modern paintings and portraits decorating the room I would have to highly recommend this restaurant for any sushi lover for tourist for that matter .	restaurant	neutral
Nothing against the coffee or the food , but the rating goes to the drive thru service .	coffee	neutral
Nothing against the coffee or the food , but the rating goes to the drive thru service .	food	neutral
Nothing against the coffee or the food , but the rating goes to the drive thru service .	drive thru service	neutral
This place sucks .	place	neutral
They do n't have descriptions on their products and have unlisted ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
The cheese puffs are n't actually cheese puffs they are crab puffs .	cheese puffs	neutral
Next is the veggie spring rolls , which have beef in them , again another item I could n't eat .	veggie spring rolls	neutral
Lastly the chow mein , I have been eating chinese food my entire life and every time I have ever ordered chow mein it has been a stir fry noodle dish but here of course it is a little bag of fried wonton noodle things .	chow mein	neutral
And if all of that was n't enough the fortune cookie tasted very strange almost like dirt .	fortune cookie	neutral
Really good burgers and even better beer selection .	burgers	neutral
Really good burgers and even better beer selection .	beer selection	neutral
I had the chili pepper burger cooked medium rare at my last visit .	chili pepper burger	neutral
It 's hard to find burger places that will properly cook a burger to medium rare but FlipSide managed to get it just right .	burger	neutral
The salads had been refrigerated ( frozen ? )	salads	neutral
The food was of the microwaved quality .	food	neutral
Griddled Meatloaf ! ! !	Meatloaf	neutral
I forget our server 's name	server	neutral
Amazing food .	food	neutral
Amazing service .	service	neutral
The food was fantastic !	food	neutral
This place is good but the price is outrageous .	place	neutral
Sliders ( 3 ) are $ 14 , add fries for $ 3 , and if you want a side of ranch it 's $ 1 .	Sliders	neutral
Service is good , food is good , but it seems like you 're paying for the atmosphere .	Service	neutral
Service is good , food is good , but it seems like you 're paying for the atmosphere .	food	neutral
Service is good , food is good , but it seems like you 're paying for the atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
It is little clean , there is some dirty tables , staff is friendly , and helpful .	tables	neutral
It is little clean , there is some dirty tables , staff is friendly , and helpful .	staff	neutral
The menu seems old , the decor has inspirational quotes .	menu	neutral
The menu seems old , the decor has inspirational quotes .	decor	neutral
The order is slow , we had to wait awhile , the tacos were not great , the grilled ghost pepper burrito was pretty good , was not particularly spicy .	order	neutral
The order is slow , we had to wait awhile , the tacos were not great , the grilled ghost pepper burrito was pretty good , was not particularly spicy .	tacos	neutral
The order is slow , we had to wait awhile , the tacos were not great , the grilled ghost pepper burrito was pretty good , was not particularly spicy .	grilled ghost pepper burrito	neutral
Quesoburrito was pretty good and worth the money .	Quesoburrito	neutral
The chefs table and " you pick for me."Friendly staff AWESOME cuisine .	chefs	neutral
The chefs table and " you pick for me."Friendly staff AWESOME cuisine .	staff	neutral
The chefs table and " you pick for me."Friendly staff AWESOME cuisine .	cuisine	neutral
This place is delicious !	place	neutral
We ordered a ton of rolls , appetizers , soup , desserts -- sushi bomb roll , wild wild west , rainbow roll , tuna lovers , salmon cheese stick , gyoza , spicy garlic edamame , crispy rice with spicy tuna , blue fin tuna sashimi , beef udon , mochi , tempura banana split .	sushi	neutral
We ordered a ton of rolls , appetizers , soup , desserts -- sushi bomb roll , wild wild west , rainbow roll , tuna lovers , salmon cheese stick , gyoza , spicy garlic edamame , crispy rice with spicy tuna , blue fin tuna sashimi , beef udon , mochi , tempura banana split .	wild wild west	neutral
We ordered a ton of rolls , appetizers , soup , desserts -- sushi bomb roll , wild wild west , rainbow roll , tuna lovers , salmon cheese stick , gyoza , spicy garlic edamame , crispy rice with spicy tuna , blue fin tuna sashimi , beef udon , mochi , tempura banana split .	rainbow roll	neutral
We ordered a ton of rolls , appetizers , soup , desserts -- sushi bomb roll , wild wild west , rainbow roll , tuna lovers , salmon cheese stick , gyoza , spicy garlic edamame , crispy rice with spicy tuna , blue fin tuna sashimi , beef udon , mochi , tempura banana split .	tuna lovers	neutral
We ordered a ton of rolls , appetizers , soup , desserts -- sushi bomb roll , wild wild west , rainbow roll , tuna lovers , salmon cheese stick , gyoza , spicy garlic edamame , crispy rice with spicy tuna , blue fin tuna sashimi , beef udon , mochi , tempura banana split .	salmon cheese stick	neutral
We ordered a ton of rolls , appetizers , soup , desserts -- sushi bomb roll , wild wild west , rainbow roll , tuna lovers , salmon cheese stick , gyoza , spicy garlic edamame , crispy rice with spicy tuna , blue fin tuna sashimi , beef udon , mochi , tempura banana split .	gyoza	neutral
We ordered a ton of rolls , appetizers , soup , desserts -- sushi bomb roll , wild wild west , rainbow roll , tuna lovers , salmon cheese stick , gyoza , spicy garlic edamame , crispy rice with spicy tuna , blue fin tuna sashimi , beef udon , mochi , tempura banana split .	spicy garlic edamame	neutral
We ordered a ton of rolls , appetizers , soup , desserts -- sushi bomb roll , wild wild west , rainbow roll , tuna lovers , salmon cheese stick , gyoza , spicy garlic edamame , crispy rice with spicy tuna , blue fin tuna sashimi , beef udon , mochi , tempura banana split .	crispy rice with spicy tuna	neutral
We ordered a ton of rolls , appetizers , soup , desserts -- sushi bomb roll , wild wild west , rainbow roll , tuna lovers , salmon cheese stick , gyoza , spicy garlic edamame , crispy rice with spicy tuna , blue fin tuna sashimi , beef udon , mochi , tempura banana split .	blue fin tuna sashimi	neutral
We ordered a ton of rolls , appetizers , soup , desserts -- sushi bomb roll , wild wild west , rainbow roll , tuna lovers , salmon cheese stick , gyoza , spicy garlic edamame , crispy rice with spicy tuna , blue fin tuna sashimi , beef udon , mochi , tempura banana split .	beef udon	neutral
All of it was delicious and the service was great !	service	neutral
This is our favorite place in all of Phoenix .	place	neutral
The atmosphere is super cool and the food is amazing .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is super cool and the food is amazing .	food	neutral
Go for the street tacos and fer sher get the Cherry Steak and street corn .	street tacos	neutral
Go for the street tacos and fer sher get the Cherry Steak and street corn .	Cherry Steak	neutral
Go for the street tacos and fer sher get the Cherry Steak and street corn .	street corn	neutral
Beware cuz you 'll suck down the margaritas so go for top shelf !	margaritas	neutral
Wonderful atmosphere , attentive staff ... great place to pop in for coffee , wine or sweet treat .	atmosphere	neutral
Wonderful atmosphere , attentive staff ... great place to pop in for coffee , wine or sweet treat .	staff	neutral
Wonderful atmosphere , attentive staff ... great place to pop in for coffee , wine or sweet treat .	place	neutral
Their pastries are delicious with a wide variety .	pastries	neutral
Throughout the week my husband and I ordered the lemon tart , passion fruit tart , chocolate raspberry cake , lemon sorbet , Chablis wine , Bordeaux wine , latte and cappuccino ...	lemon tart	neutral
Throughout the week my husband and I ordered the lemon tart , passion fruit tart , chocolate raspberry cake , lemon sorbet , Chablis wine , Bordeaux wine , latte and cappuccino ...	passion fruit tart	neutral
Throughout the week my husband and I ordered the lemon tart , passion fruit tart , chocolate raspberry cake , lemon sorbet , Chablis wine , Bordeaux wine , latte and cappuccino ...	chocolate raspberry cake	neutral
Throughout the week my husband and I ordered the lemon tart , passion fruit tart , chocolate raspberry cake , lemon sorbet , Chablis wine , Bordeaux wine , latte and cappuccino ...	lemon sorbet	neutral
Throughout the week my husband and I ordered the lemon tart , passion fruit tart , chocolate raspberry cake , lemon sorbet , Chablis wine , Bordeaux wine , latte and cappuccino ...	Bordeaux wine	neutral
Great food and great service !	food	neutral
Great food and great service !	service	neutral
The price is reasonable too for Thai food .	Thai food	neutral
The food , service and ambiance were spectacular .	food	neutral
The food , service and ambiance were spectacular .	service	neutral
The food , service and ambiance were spectacular .	ambiance	neutral
Highly recommend for serious foodies	foodies	neutral
It was a little pricey for lunch on a Saturday with my teenage son , but the food was great , the service was great , refills came quickly , we asked to try other sauces and the server quickly obliged .	food	neutral
It was a little pricey for lunch on a Saturday with my teenage son , but the food was great , the service was great , refills came quickly , we asked to try other sauces and the server quickly obliged .	service	neutral
It was a little pricey for lunch on a Saturday with my teenage son , but the food was great , the service was great , refills came quickly , we asked to try other sauces and the server quickly obliged .	server	neutral
The food was great but what impressed me the most was the manager and our server .	food	neutral
The food was great but what impressed me the most was the manager and our server .	manager	neutral
The food was great but what impressed me the most was the manager and our server .	server	neutral
The manager took time to talk to a family with young children and take their photo , and our server was excellent .	manager	neutral
The manager took time to talk to a family with young children and take their photo , and our server was excellent .	server	neutral
The manager also came to our table and made sure everything was great .	manager	neutral
I told him he treated that restaurant like he owned it - not like he worked there .	restaurant	neutral
We will go back to this Red Robin when we are in the area .	Red Robin	neutral
Had the chicken tenders and fries .	chicken tenders	neutral
Had the chicken tenders and fries .	fries	neutral
The service was sorely lacking , a lot more than usual .	service	neutral
I arrived to a pretty empty dining room and got seated right away	dining	neutral
We flagged down the server 3 times and were given a nod or a hand gesture to wait .	server	neutral
We love the meatball sandwich and antipasto salad .	meatball sandwich	neutral
We love the meatball sandwich and antipasto salad .	antipasto salad	neutral
Quality food and great prices .	food	neutral
Food was excellent and came out in a timely fashion .	Food	neutral
scott , our waiter , was amazing - very attentive .	scott	neutral
scott , our waiter , was amazing - very attentive .	waiter	neutral
restaurant was very clean .	restaurant	neutral
Great sushi ! ! !	sushi	neutral
Not too impressed with the original dishes you would find any where else .	dishes	neutral
I go here for the sushi alone !	sushi	neutral
Service was excellent .	Service	neutral
The hostess , wait staff were super attentive knowing what we needed even before us flagging them down .	hostess	neutral
The hostess , wait staff were super attentive knowing what we needed even before us flagging them down .	wait staff	neutral
Food was delicious .	Food	neutral
I 'd heard that Easy Catch Fish and Chips recently opened around the corner from where I work	Fish and Chips	neutral
It 's a big portion ... good value for the cost .	portion	neutral
The fish was flavourful .	fish	neutral
The batter was light with a bit of a crisp	batter	neutral
The fries were good too .	fries	neutral
You should check it out when you are craving fish ' n chips .	fish	neutral
Creamer and coffee were ample bacon medium to one crispy to another	Creamer	neutral
Creamer and coffee were ample bacon medium to one crispy to another	coffee	neutral
No one ordered anything other than a standard boring breakfast but it was all prepared perfectly and satisfied some pretty particular patrons !	breakfast	neutral
Great cocktails , very nice bar service .	cocktails	neutral
Great cocktails , very nice bar service .	bar service	neutral
We walked in on a busy weekend lunch and the bartenders , though overwhelmed with table drink orders , never made us feel neglected at all .	bartenders	neutral
We tried a few small items but mainly stuck to a few cocktails , and everything was amazing .	cocktails	neutral
Good eggs Benedict , pulled pork was good .	eggs Benedict	neutral
Good eggs Benedict , pulled pork was good .	pulled pork	neutral
I especially liked the tacos al pastor - it tasted authentic and had bits of pineapple .	tacos	neutral
I especially liked the tacos al pastor - it tasted authentic and had bits of pineapple .	al pastor	neutral
Prices are excellent and this place is a real find , as at the hour we went ( dinner ) it was not full due to an area that probably caters more to lunch crowds .	place	neutral
Cute little shop , the cupcakes are SO delicious !	shop	neutral
Cute little shop , the cupcakes are SO delicious !	cupcakes	neutral
There is a large variety of flavors which are all yummy .	flavors	neutral
Only downside is that they are a bit pricey , other than that the service is great , they taste amazing and I would recommend .	service	neutral
Coffee was decent , my husband got a latte .	Coffee	neutral
I got a chai latte and it was way too sweet .	chai latte	neutral
Same decor , menu expanded .	decor	neutral
Same decor , menu expanded .	menu	neutral
super nice people serving , bartender etc .	people	neutral
Problems with beer tap , beer tasted stale/ old .	beer tap	neutral
Problems with beer tap , beer tasted stale/ old .	beer	neutral
The chestnut soup was superb .	chestnut soup	neutral
Poached egg came with delicious bread .	Poached egg	neutral
Poached egg came with delicious bread .	bread	neutral
We ordered the famous scallops which I would give 4 . 5 stars out of 5 .	scallops	neutral
The last but not least , the beef short rib .	beef short rib	neutral
This is so far THE best beef short rib we have ever had .	beef short rib	neutral
went there yesterday and got the rainbow sushi for $ 13 .	rainbow sushi	neutral
my friend got the French kiss and she thought it was yummy too .	French kiss	neutral
it includes miso soup and salad which was also yummy .	miso soup	neutral
it includes miso soup and salad which was also yummy .	salad	neutral
Drinks were wrong .	Drinks	neutral
Appetizers and salads forgotten .	salads	neutral
Where was the woman manager or the guy with no legs the main manager ? ?	woman	neutral
Some of them had missing food and meat that was so dry rhey could nt cut it but again no one to take care of it .	meat	neutral
If your looking for a decent meal steer way clear of this place .	meal	neutral
If your looking for a decent meal steer way clear of this place .	place	neutral
t for food if you get any and no manager who would walk up or wheel up to make anything right .	manager	neutral
You get what you pay for ... very bad service , average food .	service	neutral
You get what you pay for ... very bad service , average food .	food	neutral
Thai green curry with vegetable more spicy than tasteful .	Thai green curry with vegetable	neutral
Not very enjoyable waitress who forget to smile , draining her feet and drop your plate on the table like " eat that " of course when you pay cash , there is no ticket coming back .	waitress	neutral
Absolutely loved this place .	place	neutral
I love that they do all you can eat to order .	all you can eat	neutral
The " mr Tokyo bowl " was my absolute favorite !	mr Tokyo bowl	neutral
We also had quite a few rolls , my favorite being the summer roll , which I think was seasonal .	rolls	neutral
We also had quite a few rolls , my favorite being the summer roll , which I think was seasonal .	summer roll	neutral
Food was mighty good , service was ok .	Food	neutral
Food was mighty good , service was ok .	service	neutral
Waitress was non existent for most of the time we were there , but the food made up for that .	Waitress	neutral
Waitress was non existent for most of the time we were there , but the food made up for that .	food	neutral
The waitress asked 2 managers , but they would not accommodate us .	waitress	neutral
I can understand if the restaurant were busy , but it was a ghost town .	restaurant	neutral
This time , the server was nice , chips were good , but management dropped the ball .	server	neutral
This time , the server was nice , chips were good , but management dropped the ball .	chips	neutral
This time , the server was nice , chips were good , but management dropped the ball .	management	neutral
I really like this place great value I always try to eat here whenever in Phoenix 5 stars for me	place	neutral
This location is fast friendly and no problems at all .	location	neutral
Pizza is hot and delicious !	Pizza	neutral
The gentlemen on the phone and delivery drivers are awesome .	gentlemen	neutral
The gentlemen on the phone and delivery drivers are awesome .	delivery drivers	neutral
Thank you Paula , I am a fan again :)	Paula	neutral
Interior is clean , modern .	Interior	neutral
Multiple washrooms .	washrooms	neutral
Menu has a font that is too small .	Menu	neutral
Menu has a font that is too small .	font	neutral
Music more annoying / loud than just background .	Music	neutral
For 1/2 chicken bowl I feel $ 13 .	chicken bowl	neutral
I 've been here plenty of times to drink , so I was eager to try the food .	food	neutral
Our waitress was extremely attentive , and we had a bigger party , so since it was so loud , she had to go to back and forth between both ends of the table to explain the menu and take our orders .	waitress	neutral
I got the lamb burger , and it was so good .	lamb burger	neutral
Done perfectly , with a side of seasoned fries .	fries	neutral
I would definitely go back there , especially since it looked like they have a killer brunch menu .	menu	neutral
Estimated delivery time was 45 - 60 minutes .	delivery	neutral
Well concierge has long been closed , so I asked the check - in desk , and I asked the bell desk .	concierge	neutral
No one has seen a pizza delivery person , and they all know there is an east tower at the Luxor .	pizza	neutral
Despite the restaurant still being open for another hour .	restaurant	neutral
I waited more than 30 minutes , walked around the hotel to all the entrances , and this pizza delivery was never to be found .	pizza	neutral
By far the best sushi in Madison .	sushi	neutral
For a Midwest place , this place has it all .	place	neutral
I always asked my server what was fresh that day , and it never disappointed my appetite for delicious raw fishies .	raw	neutral
I always asked my server what was fresh that day , and it never disappointed my appetite for delicious raw fishies .	fishies	neutral
I love this place and miss it terribly .	place	neutral
Satisfying -- a half portion was an adequate lunch .	half portion	neutral
Toppings on the side let you control amounts -- but I can see why people get extra sour cream .	Toppings	neutral
Extremely nice and helpful staff on my first visit .	staff	neutral
I recently decided to cut out all meat except seafood from my diet , and my only options on the dinner menu were fettuccine alfredo , fish tacos ( $ 25 ! ) , and a few overpriced salads .	fettuccine alfredo	neutral
I recently decided to cut out all meat except seafood from my diet , and my only options on the dinner menu were fettuccine alfredo , fish tacos ( $ 25 ! ) , and a few overpriced salads .	fish tacos	neutral
I recently decided to cut out all meat except seafood from my diet , and my only options on the dinner menu were fettuccine alfredo , fish tacos ( $ 25 ! ) , and a few overpriced salads .	salads	neutral
I went with the calamari appetizer ( $ 16 ) , but it was skimpy on the actual calamari and instead was full of shishito peppers and fried lemon wheels .	calamari appetizer	neutral
Service was incredibly slow and we witnessed multiple people asking the server 's assistant for their checks because they had not been attended to .	Service	neutral
Service was incredibly slow and we witnessed multiple people asking the server 's assistant for their checks because they had not been attended to .	server	neutral
In all fairness , it was very close to closing , but I feel as though diners still deserve decent service .	service	neutral
Bento tastes really good , especially for east asian taste .	Bento	neutral
Sushi is ok , though a little bit expensive .	Sushi	neutral
The barista was fast and friendly .	barista	neutral
My flavored iced latte was just how I like it : strong espresso flavor and not too sweet .	flavored iced latte	neutral
Line moved quickly , tables cleared , food was hot , fresh and delivered quickly .	food	neutral
By the way , the manager ( nice lady ) was working her butt off delivering food and cleaning up .	manager	neutral
This is my favorite place to go for a delicious crepe , the place is clean and the environment is relaxing .	crepe	neutral
This is my favorite place to go for a delicious crepe , the place is clean and the environment is relaxing .	environment	neutral
Customer service also is great what I like to .	Customer service	neutral
Order from here is the Nutella .	Nutella	neutral
This place was awesome !	place	neutral
The restaurant was clean and colorful ! ! ! !	restaurant	neutral
It was n't your gimmicky Mexican food !	Mexican food	neutral
The portion size was great and worth it !	portion size	neutral
The food was flavorful !	food	neutral
The service was fast as well .	service	neutral
Great place .	place	neutral
Has awesome lunch specials .	lunch specials	neutral
Chips and salsa brought to your table rite away free of charge ! !	Chips	neutral
Chips and salsa brought to your table rite away free of charge ! !	salsa	neutral
Food is amazing ...	Food	neutral
Brooke the hostess so rude ! ! !	Brooke	neutral
Brooke the hostess so rude ! ! !	hostess	neutral
The waiter was outstanding ! ! ! !	waiter	neutral
The prices were very high and more on a par with a top notch downtown restaurant ; they are certainly not reflective of the food or service at the Miller .	service	neutral
To call our server lifeless , is being kind .	server	neutral
At $ 56 for 2 it was actually the cheapest thing on the menu other than the ravioli .	ravioli	neutral
My husband ordered the soup which was tomato avocado	soup	neutral
and I had the caesar salad .	caesar salad	neutral
Although the server did n't tell us that the soup was spicy , it was so heavy on chili that his mouth was burning .	server	neutral
Although the server did n't tell us that the soup was spicy , it was so heavy on chili that his mouth was burning .	soup	neutral
As for the Caesar salad , this may have been the first time I did n't finish one .	Caesar salad	neutral
I love Caesar salad	Caesar salad	neutral
The main course consisted of a serving of luke warm mashed potatoes on our individual ( cold ) plates , and a platter on which there was a massive slab of roast beef , some green beans and carrot coins , 2 Yorkshire puddings and 2 little jugs of gravy .	roast beef	neutral
First of all , the entire meal was cold .	meal	neutral
The gravy had actually started to congeal .	gravy	neutral
The server had told us in advance that the beef is served medium rare , which was fine , because we usually order meat rare to medium rare .	beef	neutral
This meat was n't even rare .	meat	neutral
The Yorkshire puddings had been sitting for so long that they were rubbery .	Yorkshire puddings	neutral
We showed her the meat and she immedately agreed it was undercooked and took the whole thing away .	meat	neutral
The replacement meal was much smaller ( smaller piece of meat and far fewer vegetables ) but at least it was cooked and hot .	meal	neutral
The beef was average in taste and extremely fatty .	beef	neutral
The Yorkshire puddings were dense .	Yorkshire puddings	neutral
The veggies and mashed potatoes were good .	veggies	neutral
The veggies and mashed potatoes were good .	mashed potatoes	neutral
Although we were n't expecting it , and it is not necessary , most restaurants make some kind of a goodwill gesture , when they know there has been a problem with the food - a drink , a dessert , something .	food	neutral
Not the Miller - nada .	Miller - nada	neutral
We decided to go somewhere else for coffee and dessert since our meal had been so underwhelming .	meal	neutral
There are 2 lines for this particular bakery .	bakery	neutral
One side is to buy pastries and bread and the other line is where you grab a number and order grab and go or prepared items such as sandwiches , pates , salads , or beverages and etc .	pastries	neutral
One side is to buy pastries and bread and the other line is where you grab a number and order grab and go or prepared items such as sandwiches , pates , salads , or beverages and etc .	sandwiches	neutral
One side is to buy pastries and bread and the other line is where you grab a number and order grab and go or prepared items such as sandwiches , pates , salads , or beverages and etc .	pates	neutral
One side is to buy pastries and bread and the other line is where you grab a number and order grab and go or prepared items such as sandwiches , pates , salads , or beverages and etc .	salads	neutral
They had a $ 2 special for a croissant and coffee as well as $ 2 for their pain du jour which is a great deal .	croissant	neutral
They had a $ 2 special for a croissant and coffee as well as $ 2 for their pain du jour which is a great deal .	coffee	neutral
They had a $ 2 special for a croissant and coffee as well as $ 2 for their pain du jour which is a great deal .	pain du jour	neutral
Do n't know about the quality of the coffee b / c hubby drank this .	coffee	neutral
Ham , cheese & dijon sandwich	Ham	neutral
Cornichons - needed a something tangy to eat along w/ our sandwich	Cornichons	neutral
Duck liver mousse pate - delicious and smooth .	Duck liver mousse pate	neutral
The food is nice .	food	neutral
I found the portions to be rather small .	portions	neutral
The salsa and chips were fresh and tasty .	salsa	neutral
The salsa and chips were fresh and tasty .	chips	neutral
The atmosphere is cute .	atmosphere	neutral
This is more of a bar with tables , at least it seemed so the Friday lunch I ate there .	bar	neutral
The noise level was way to high for me .	noise	neutral
The service was fine , nothing special , but more direct if you can speak Mandarin .	service	neutral
The interior was clean .	interior	neutral
The food itself was okay , not amazing , but also not bad .	food	neutral
I think this restaurant was probably better in the past before change in menu / ownership .	restaurant	neutral
Solid authentic Chinese place , but there are also better places in town .	Chinese place	neutral
Raw potatoes with the short ribs , barely cooked at all and inedible .	short ribs	neutral
The other dishes our table ordered were better , but not as good as last year 's visit - I recall it being very good at the time .	dishes	neutral
The view is fabulous , but the food and service is just OK .	view	neutral
The view is fabulous , but the food and service is just OK .	food	neutral
The view is fabulous , but the food and service is just OK .	service	neutral
Greek salad was pretty good but nothing else really was .	Greek salad	neutral
Cold , generic bread , bland , overcooked spaghetti drowning in butter and canned mushrooms ( YUCK ) , mushy , flavorless meat ravioli .	bread	neutral
Cold , generic bread , bland , overcooked spaghetti drowning in butter and canned mushrooms ( YUCK ) , mushy , flavorless meat ravioli .	spaghetti	neutral
Cold , generic bread , bland , overcooked spaghetti drowning in butter and canned mushrooms ( YUCK ) , mushy , flavorless meat ravioli .	mushrooms	neutral
Cold , generic bread , bland , overcooked spaghetti drowning in butter and canned mushrooms ( YUCK ) , mushy , flavorless meat ravioli .	meat ravioli	neutral
Service fast but not friendly .	Service	neutral
Callie is the best server they have the best happy hour pricing and amazing margaritas .	Callie	neutral
Callie is the best server they have the best happy hour pricing and amazing margaritas .	happy hour pricing	neutral
Callie is the best server they have the best happy hour pricing and amazing margaritas .	margaritas	neutral
Good environment to bring friends and family	environment	neutral
This was my first time at this restaurant	restaurant	neutral
2 of 7 food orders came out incorrect , and no one in my party was overly pleased with their meal , especially for the price ..	meal	neutral
Lastly , the bathrooms were disgusting .	bathrooms	neutral
There was trash all over the floor of the womens room , and there was no toilet paper or paper towels available .	womens room	neutral
It seems that this restaurant is severely understaffed and the quality of service does not align with the prices you are paying for food .	restaurant	neutral
It seems that this restaurant is severely understaffed and the quality of service does not align with the prices you are paying for food .	service	neutral
It seems that this restaurant is severely understaffed and the quality of service does not align with the prices you are paying for food .	food	neutral
Parking is a nightmare as well .	Parking	neutral
Oh , and .. the hostesses were less than pleasant .	hostesses	neutral
I love salad bars .	salad	neutral
I mean that the quality of ingredients , salad , toppings , potato bar , made - from - powder soups are so low that I get scared .	ingredients	neutral
I mean that the quality of ingredients , salad , toppings , potato bar , made - from - powder soups are so low that I get scared .	salad	neutral
I mean that the quality of ingredients , salad , toppings , potato bar , made - from - powder soups are so low that I get scared .	toppings	neutral
I mean that the quality of ingredients , salad , toppings , potato bar , made - from - powder soups are so low that I get scared .	potato bar	neutral
I mean that the quality of ingredients , salad , toppings , potato bar , made - from - powder soups are so low that I get scared .	soups	neutral
I like this restaurant better than the casino buffets .	restaurant	neutral
Food is good , freshly cooked and prices are reasonable for a family of four who like to eat good meals .	Food	neutral
Food is good , freshly cooked and prices are reasonable for a family of four who like to eat good meals .	meals	neutral
The servers or waitresses are friendly and helpful .	servers	neutral
The servers or waitresses are friendly and helpful .	waitresses	neutral
He said his burger was really good .. big and juicy .	burger	neutral
This is the best Indian food I had in years .	Indian food	neutral
Tandoori chicken was amazing : much more juicy than any other Indian place I ever tried .	Tandoori chicken	neutral
Excellent tandoori lamb too .	tandoori lamb	neutral
The owner greeted us and provided great service .	owner	neutral
The ice one was nothing short of miraculous !	ice one	neutral
The free wi - fi then goes ahead and makes the place perfect .	wi - fi	neutral
I just wish the patio had a roof , not good in the rain :(	patio	neutral
Prices high for portion size .. just like Brio , but without the classy ambiance .	portion size	neutral
Prices high for portion size .. just like Brio , but without the classy ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
Pizza was just normal .	Pizza	neutral
Ave amount of sauce & cheese and crust was normal .	sauce	neutral
Ave amount of sauce & cheese and crust was normal .	cheese	neutral
Ave amount of sauce & cheese and crust was normal .	crust	neutral
$ 13 for Lg cheese .	Lg cheese	neutral
$ 8 for 2 Stuffed Eggplants ( app'r ) which was good .	Stuffed	neutral
$ 8 for 2 Stuffed Eggplants ( app'r ) which was good .	Eggplants ( app'r	neutral
Kids meal $ 6 for pasta + meatball .	pasta	neutral
Kids meal $ 6 for pasta + meatball .	meatball	neutral
Rolls were complimentary but just ok .	Rolls	neutral
Decor was pretty plain but nice & new .	Decor	neutral
Server was nice & very attentive !	Server	neutral
Overall JoJo was just Average Jo .	JoJo	neutral
I 'm partial to this place for their great service and food comes up really fast	service	neutral
I 'm partial to this place for their great service and food comes up really fast	food	neutral
This place is PACKED all the time .	place	neutral
They have a great to go menu as well	to go menu	neutral
( I love their mild curry over pork tonkatsu )	mild curry over pork tonkatsu	neutral
This place offers a stamp card and allows you to order half rolls ( which I like because I can order more of a variety )	half rolls	neutral
Although their menu is large , it 's starting to get out dated .	menu	neutral
I 'm not so worried about them needing to offer sashimi although it 'd be nice	sashimi	neutral
I love the atmosphere , the food and the sauces .	atmosphere	neutral
I love the atmosphere , the food and the sauces .	food	neutral
I love the atmosphere , the food and the sauces .	sauces	neutral
They also have really improved on their service the past 2 years .	service	neutral
View was incredible .	View	neutral
Service was quick and nice .	Service	neutral
Fried bread was delicious .	Fried bread	neutral
Steaks were mediocre .	Steaks	neutral
Vegetables and sides were awful .	Vegetables	neutral
Vegetables and sides were awful .	sides	neutral
The staff here are super wonderful !	staff	neutral
We had a nice chat while they made me a really good coffee .	coffee	neutral
Great place	place	neutral
the wait is long ... happy for them in making good business .	wait	neutral
The food are the same as before , not better or worse , at least it is consistent !	food	neutral
The bowl of congee is abit larger than the old location but I think the price also went up abit if I remember correctly .	bowl of congee	neutral
In short , glad this place offer the same quality of food as before	food	neutral
but boy , get ready for the long line ups ...	line	neutral
Chips and salsa were fantastic and our waiter was very courteous and attentive .	Chips	neutral
Chips and salsa were fantastic and our waiter was very courteous and attentive .	salsa	neutral
Chips and salsa were fantastic and our waiter was very courteous and attentive .	waiter	neutral
I ordered the beef tacos - price was extremely high for what you get and there was no flavor to the meat .	beef tacos	neutral
The corn tortilla was drenched in greasy oil and just a big snooze of what was inside .	corn tortilla	neutral
Rice and beans were descent but that s not hard to get right .	Rice	neutral
Rice and beans were descent but that s not hard to get right .	beans	neutral
The professional attitude of the staff and the food quality and presentation satisfies any perfectionist !	staff	neutral
The professional attitude of the staff and the food quality and presentation satisfies any perfectionist !	food	neutral
The professional attitude of the staff and the food quality and presentation satisfies any perfectionist !	presentation	neutral
So we had heard that The Counter had the best burgers ever .	burgers	neutral
The menu alone just about had my mouth watering .	menu	neutral
That way you would at last have some ideas , rather than giving you all this burger overload that is so intimidating .	burger	neutral
And yes , they had a burger of the month ( which I ordered , and was n't bad ) , but they need more than one such option .	burger	neutral
The burgers finally arrived , and they were ... average .	burgers	neutral
Next time , we 'll go to Five Guys .	Five Guys	neutral
That unsuccessful attempt at causal coolness also permeates the servcie - wait staff that are very relaxed , nonchalant and friendly , saying they can take it while holding dirty plates from another table ( do n't worry , I 'll remember ) , then getting your order wrong and protesting when you point it out ( ' are you sure you did n't order that ? )	wait staff	neutral
Ok , now the food - its ok , good in fact , but far , far from great .	food	neutral
The molten chocolate cake , not defrosted adequately in the microwave presumably , goes down as a cold ball of chocolate gew as I inadvertently swallow the centre ( they took it off the bill when I answered honestly to our well meaning waitresses " how good was that ? ? ?	molten chocolate cake	neutral
The molten chocolate cake , not defrosted adequately in the microwave presumably , goes down as a cold ball of chocolate gew as I inadvertently swallow the centre ( they took it off the bill when I answered honestly to our well meaning waitresses " how good was that ? ? ?	waitresses	neutral
And of course , the price ( the so many mediocre Toronto restos ) was astronomical - $ 125 for lunch for 2 with 2 apps , 2 mains and a half litre of red ! ! !	restos	neutral
And of course , the price ( the so many mediocre Toronto restos ) was astronomical - $ 125 for lunch for 2 with 2 apps , 2 mains and a half litre of red ! ! !	apps	neutral
And of course , the price ( the so many mediocre Toronto restos ) was astronomical - $ 125 for lunch for 2 with 2 apps , 2 mains and a half litre of red ! ! !	mains	neutral
And of course , the price ( the so many mediocre Toronto restos ) was astronomical - $ 125 for lunch for 2 with 2 apps , 2 mains and a half litre of red ! ! !	red	neutral
For a good value , incredible " casual " italian resto , try Mario Batalis Ottto in NYC - better than any Italian in Toronto , still maintains its causal feel , and is literally half the price ..... makes me want to cry ( Porter , anyone ? ? ? )	Mario	neutral
They seem a bit under staffed we waited about 10 min for someone to take our drink order , and another 15 min after we got our drinks to take our food order and that 's only because I asked the waiter to take our order .	waiter	neutral
The waffles were good but the chicken was soggy not even crispy	waffles	neutral
The waffles were good but the chicken was soggy not even crispy	chicken	neutral
Drinks were good and also the menu has a lot of cool funny names for their food .	Drinks	neutral
Drinks were good and also the menu has a lot of cool funny names for their food .	menu	neutral
Worst presentation of Del Taco I have ever seen !	Del Taco	neutral
This place is really disappointing .	place	neutral
With many great Mexican inspired places in Toronto I would assume that a place with such a great location and storefront would actually pay some attention to what they are selling .	location	neutral
With many great Mexican inspired places in Toronto I would assume that a place with such a great location and storefront would actually pay some attention to what they are selling .	storefront	neutral
Essentially everyone we were with agreed that this food was garbage .	food	neutral
This show is a must see ! !	show	neutral
Bill is interactive with the audience , and the tricks or " mind reading " Bill does is unexplainable .	Bill	neutral
Bill is interactive with the audience , and the tricks or " mind reading " Bill does is unexplainable .	Bill	neutral
Really only giving it a 4 because of how great the food was .	food	neutral
First , I like how they name their burgers , the regular burgers are doubles and then the " littles " only have a single patty-- pretty innovative .	burgers	neutral
First , I like how they name their burgers , the regular burgers are doubles and then the " littles " only have a single patty-- pretty innovative .	regular burgers	neutral
Also , condiments are free so you can maximize your dollar by getting every topping you want on it !	condiments	neutral
So I loaded up my burger and when we got our order , but my burger was lacking .	burger	neutral
The customer service was n't rude or stand - offish , they were just very " blah " .	customer service	neutral
The employees seemed very bored and uninterested , not quick to help .	employees	neutral
So basically , this place gets four stars because the food was absolutely delicious .	food	neutral
You know that means it 's really good , or I 'm really a fan of indian food and can get obsessive .	indian food	neutral
The only complaint was one of our party was n't too crazy about the lamb dish .	lamb dish	neutral
but I will tell you that the smells were so good and the flavors omg !	smells	neutral
At first the Gobi manchurian was not exactly what I was craving ( I had it at another place where it was spicier / sweeter ) .	Gobi manchurian	neutral
But .... the day after I had the same dish as leftovers and it seemed like the flavors were even better than the day before .	dish	neutral
and now I think I like theirs even more ( at Flavors of India ! ) .	Flavors	neutral
Nice service , excellent food and good $ $ .	service	neutral
Nice service , excellent food and good $ $ .	food	neutral
Visually stunning and technically brilliant , this show has always amazed me and entranced me .	show	neutral
This is a really cool restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The food is good , a bit pricy but worth it ( 4 tacos for about 12 $ )	food	neutral
The food is good , a bit pricy but worth it ( 4 tacos for about 12 $ )	tacos	neutral
The restaurant has a nice ambience and the employees are really nice !	ambience	neutral
The restaurant has a nice ambience and the employees are really nice !	employees	neutral
I 'm not the type of person to judge a restaurant based off of appearance , but I do off of the quality of service and product .	service	neutral
I 'm not the type of person to judge a restaurant based off of appearance , but I do off of the quality of service and product .	product	neutral
First and foremost , when coming into the Mike 's i knotice that the grill area and floor were quite dirty , along with the aroma of burnt / cooking onion .	grill area	neutral
First and foremost , when coming into the Mike 's i knotice that the grill area and floor were quite dirty , along with the aroma of burnt / cooking onion .	floor	neutral
However , the service in which I received made me realize that is not the case .	service	neutral
I order fish and chips .	fish	neutral
2 peices of fish and fries for 9 dollars .	fish	neutral
2 peices of fish and fries for 9 dollars .	fries	neutral
The fish was cooked well and the fries were still warm .	fish	neutral
The fish was cooked well and the fries were still warm .	fries	neutral
I was please with my food .	food	neutral
The young man who took our order , brought out sliders and fries which we did not order .	sliders	neutral
When they brought the cheese steak 's and chicken nuggets ; the bread was cold , the cheese was n't melted and the nuggets were pipping hot .	chicken	neutral
I understand the atmosphere that Mike 's was attempting to obtain , and the quality of the food that they are reaching for .	food	neutral
I suggest a cleaner environment , more service driven employees , and a faster expiditing process .	environment	neutral
I suggest a cleaner environment , more service driven employees , and a faster expiditing process .	service	neutral
I suggest a cleaner environment , more service driven employees , and a faster expiditing process .	employees	neutral
Best ice cream maker there	ice cream maker	neutral
Love this place , best juice bar in town .	place	neutral
Love this place , best juice bar in town .	juice bar	neutral
Ashley is the best and makes your smoothie with a smile .	Ashley	neutral
I highly recommend O2 !	O2	neutral
First time here and the facility is actually very impressive inside and out .	facility	neutral
I also noted how incredibly clean everything was including the restroom .	restroom	neutral
Service was just ok .	Service	neutral
Server brought out chips and 4 salsas .	Server	neutral
I would expect the server to take 8 seconds to explain what they were instead of having to guess .	server	neutral
Wife had lunch chimi day it was ok .	lunch	neutral
Kid quesadilla was cold .	Kid quesadilla	neutral
It was rather good but the portion size was stupid small .	portion size	neutral
Host staff was really unfriendly .	Host staff	neutral
When I got there I went to restroom to wash my hands and blonde host said nothing on way in and out .	host	neutral
I always feel the host staff is super important as they are the restaurant ambassadors and the first and last impression .	host staff	neutral
Probably wo nt go back .. to many other options around town with that food genre .	food	neutral
The decor and the jungle atmosphere with animals make for a very interesting dining experience ( especially for children ) .	decor	neutral
The decor and the jungle atmosphere with animals make for a very interesting dining experience ( especially for children ) .	jungle atmosphere	neutral
The decor and the jungle atmosphere with animals make for a very interesting dining experience ( especially for children ) .	animals	neutral
The food on the other hand took about 45 minutes to come out .	food	neutral
We were starving and the restaurant was probably	restaurant	neutral
20 % occupied so a 45 minute wait was obviously too long .	wait	neutral
After the food finally arrived the steaks were flavorless and dry and the shrimp was just not right .	steaks	neutral
After the food finally arrived the steaks were flavorless and dry and the shrimp was just not right .	shrimp	neutral
If you go here , I suggest you play it safe and order a burger or their BBQ chicken pizza .	BBQ chicken pizza	neutral
I really wanted to like this place but but missed the mark .	place	neutral
There 's not enough places that do that and breakfast items are so much better fresh .	breakfast items	neutral
There are different tiers you can do- continental ( $ 7 . 99 ) , continental and hot dishes ( $ 12 . 99 ) or continental , hot dishes and specialties ( $ 16 . 99 ) .	hot dishes	neutral
There are different tiers you can do- continental ( $ 7 . 99 ) , continental and hot dishes ( $ 12 . 99 ) or continental , hot dishes and specialties ( $ 16 . 99 ) .	hot dishes	neutral
I did like that the cheese was generous and melty .	cheese	neutral
* Chicken & waffles- chicken was fine , waffles was more soft and cakey than crisp with a fluffy interior .	Chicken & waffles-	neutral
* Chicken & waffles- chicken was fine , waffles was more soft and cakey than crisp with a fluffy interior .	waffles	neutral
* Surf and turf benedict- eek .	Surf and turf benedict-	neutral
Lobster meat was fishy	Lobster meat	neutral
Hollandaise was sour .	Hollandaise	neutral
Filet was scarce that I thought they 'd forgot ...	Filet	neutral
* Steak & eggs- stated as NY strip but did not taste like it ...	Steak & eggs-	neutral
* Salmon & bagel- good .	Salmon	neutral
Pastrami hash and poach eggs-	Pastrami hash	neutral
Pastrami hash and poach eggs-	poach eggs-	neutral
Good poach , the flavor was decent .	poach	neutral
Would nt really say its a hash since the poatoes were nt crispy fried but more like boiled , tossed with seasobing and meat .	poatoes	neutral
* Stuffed french toast-	Stuffed french toast-	neutral
I think syrup by itself gets a bit tiring .	syrup	neutral
Cheese Blintzes- crepe was good consistency , and I like that they added strawberries and strawberry puree to them .	Cheese	neutral
Cheese Blintzes- crepe was good consistency , and I like that they added strawberries and strawberry puree to them .	crepe	neutral
Love fruit on crepes .	fruit on crepes	neutral
The food was just okay and nothing really stood out as seriously delicious .	food	neutral
The BF nailed it in the head what the major problem was , that even though it was made to order , the food did n't taste really fresh .	food	neutral
Service was n't too consistent or personable .	Service	neutral
Our server came to ask for our drink order then waited a while to get a drink back or an order in	server	neutral
so there was a lot of downtime in this meal .	meal	neutral
Food was n't good enough to want to sit and do a lot of waiting and more waiting .	Food	neutral
For All Seasons .. the food was great , excellent friendly service ...	food	neutral
For All Seasons .. the food was great , excellent friendly service ...	service	neutral
I had the avocado burger and the burger was large with a great bun , the husband had the NY steak sandwich which was large and on a soft roll ...	avocado burger	neutral
I had the avocado burger and the burger was large with a great bun , the husband had the NY steak sandwich which was large and on a soft roll ...	bun	neutral
I had the avocado burger and the burger was large with a great bun , the husband had the NY steak sandwich which was large and on a soft roll ...	NY steak sandwich	neutral
French fries were warm and crispy ( my kind of fry ) .. we will definitely be back .	French fries	neutral
There are n't a lot of choices in the area for pizza , so this is a treat for us !	pizza	neutral
They have a huge menu - pizza , gyros , wings , salads , hoagies , etc !	menu	neutral
They have a huge menu - pizza , gyros , wings , salads , hoagies , etc !	pizza	neutral
They have a huge menu - pizza , gyros , wings , salads , hoagies , etc !	gyros	neutral
They have a huge menu - pizza , gyros , wings , salads , hoagies , etc !	wings	neutral
They even offer gluten free pizza !	pizza	neutral
We got the Greek pizza which was incredible !	Greek pizza	neutral
But the large pizza is probably enough for 3 - 4 people .	large pizza	neutral
Only thing I would 've preferred was more seasoning on the actual crust - it was a little bland .	crust	neutral
We also ordered the house salad which was alright .	house salad	neutral
so I wo n't criticize wait time .	wait	neutral
The owner ( I believe it was at least ) was very friendly and the whole staff is accomadating .	owner	neutral
The owner ( I believe it was at least ) was very friendly and the whole staff is accomadating .	staff	neutral
I definitely am excited to return and try some wings and gyros !	wings	neutral
I definitely am excited to return and try some wings and gyros !	gyros	neutral
I have heard nothing but good reviews about this place .	place	neutral
The food was great omg the asada moja	food	neutral
The food was great omg the asada moja	asada moja	neutral
This place is legit .	place	neutral
They make the burritos right in front of you so you can see then put the ingredients in your burrito .	burritos	neutral
They make the burritos right in front of you so you can see then put the ingredients in your burrito .	burrito	neutral
Also for your burrito you can have it wrapped in soy paper or seaweed .	burrito	neutral
The fish is really fresh and the sauces are amazing .	fish	neutral
The fish is really fresh and the sauces are amazing .	sauces	neutral
They have a dozen different sauces you can add to your burrito or bowl .	sauces	neutral
Try their different sauces to fit your taste buds .	sauces	neutral
5 stars for awesome food and service !	food	neutral
5 stars for awesome food and service !	service	neutral
Every time I come here my food is cold .	food	neutral
I went last night and got a burger , fries , and a shake and AS USUAL my burger was so cold and gross	burger	neutral
I went last night and got a burger , fries , and a shake and AS USUAL my burger was so cold and gross	burger	neutral
the cheese was n't even melted .	cheese	neutral
The fries are pretty good which is why I come back	fries	neutral
Was not happy about this place .	place	neutral
The restaurant that was there before was a lot better .	restaurant	neutral
Both dishes that we ordered did not taste very well .	dishes	neutral
The guacamole was terrible !	guacamole	neutral
I 've always avoided buffets that cost more than $ 30 .	buffets	neutral
This place was pretty impressive !	place	neutral
They had all the seafood you could imagine ... snow crab legs , crawfish , mussels , clams , RAW oysters , LOBSTER ? ?	RAW	neutral
So I picked the smallest , best looking oyster to try .	oyster	neutral
But I TOTALLY filled up on the mini lobster tails .	mini lobster tails	neutral
Shellfish + Melted Butter =	Shellfish	neutral
Another surprising goodie they had was their sashimi !	sashimi	neutral
I ve never had a really good experience with sashimi and sushi at buffets , but the fish here was really fresh !	sashimi	neutral
I ve never had a really good experience with sashimi and sushi at buffets , but the fish here was really fresh !	sushi	neutral
I ve never had a really good experience with sashimi and sushi at buffets , but the fish here was really fresh !	fish	neutral
The sushi rice is a little hard , so it 's best to just stick to the raw stuff .	sushi rice	neutral
I really liked the salmon sashimi .	salmon sashimi	neutral
And of course , they have your basic carving station .	carving station	neutral
The prime rib was REALLY good .	prime rib	neutral
They also had THICK , fall off the bone ribs , chicken wings , deep fried clam strips and shrimps ... way too much food for my stomach to handle .	ribs	neutral
They also had THICK , fall off the bone ribs , chicken wings , deep fried clam strips and shrimps ... way too much food for my stomach to handle .	chicken wings	neutral
They also had THICK , fall off the bone ribs , chicken wings , deep fried clam strips and shrimps ... way too much food for my stomach to handle .	deep fried clam strips	neutral
They also had THICK , fall off the bone ribs , chicken wings , deep fried clam strips and shrimps ... way too much food for my stomach to handle .	shrimps	neutral
And THEN ... THERE WAS THE DESSERT BAR ...	DESSERT BAR	neutral
I 've never tasted a dessert bar like this one .	dessert	neutral
I was prepared for dry cake , overly sweet frosting and chocolate covered everything .	frosting	neutral
THIS WAS THE BEST DESSERT BAR EVER !	DESSERT BAR	neutral
I loved their mini beignets .	mini beignets	neutral
I tried everything ... black forrest cake , chocolate mousse , creme brulee , carrot cake , fudge brownie cake ...	black forrest	neutral
I tried everything ... black forrest cake , chocolate mousse , creme brulee , carrot cake , fudge brownie cake ...	chocolate mousse	neutral
I tried everything ... black forrest cake , chocolate mousse , creme brulee , carrot cake , fudge brownie cake ...	creme brulee	neutral
I tried everything ... black forrest cake , chocolate mousse , creme brulee , carrot cake , fudge brownie cake ...	carrot	neutral
Coffee , mango , strawberry ...	Coffee	neutral
Another thing to mention , the service here is fantastic .	service	neutral
All the waitress were super friendly and very prompt .	waitress	neutral
I would say this buffet is worth the money if you either ( a ) stuff your face enough or	buffet	neutral
The bartender seemed to hate his job and did n't want to be bothered .	bartender	neutral
Unlike 17 Avenue , Stephen Avenue is not regarded as a major night spot in the city , although there are night clubs located on the mall .	Stephen	neutral
In my opinion , parts of this Boulevard are also a little frayed at the edges and need a little urban renewal work .	Boulevard	neutral
Most of these building are sandstone ; a result of the construction of fire resistant buildings that followed a fire in 1886 that damaged much of the city .	buildings	neutral
The plates were clean , the garnishes were bright , and the food looked very appetizing and came out in a timely manner .	plates	neutral
The plates were clean , the garnishes were bright , and the food looked very appetizing and came out in a timely manner .	garnishes	neutral
We ordered the pork belly steamed buns , bone marrow , the Bachi fish sandwich , wings , fries and a Thai tea .	pork belly steamed buns	neutral
We ordered the pork belly steamed buns , bone marrow , the Bachi fish sandwich , wings , fries and a Thai tea .	Bachi fish sandwich	neutral
Pork Belly buns - came with 3 , the pork belly was tender and cut thick , comparable to thickness of your index finger .	Pork Belly buns	neutral
Pork Belly buns - came with 3 , the pork belly was tender and cut thick , comparable to thickness of your index finger .	pork	neutral
The hard boiled egg added a nice to it .	hard boiled egg	neutral
Bone marrow - came with 7 pieces of bread ( a little less would 've been okay ) .	Bone marrow	neutral
The marrow was slightly sweet because of the jam and not too oily .	marrow	neutral
Bachi fish sandwich - served with raw tomato and raw unions giving the sandwich a fresh taste .	Bachi fish sandwich	neutral
The tartar sauce was light .	tartar sauce	neutral
None of the ingredients overpowered the fish and it was a nicely balanced fish sandwich .	ingredients	neutral
None of the ingredients overpowered the fish and it was a nicely balanced fish sandwich .	fish sandwich	neutral
Crispy tebasaki wings - fairly large and crispy .	Crispy	neutral
Crispy tebasaki wings - fairly large and crispy .	tebasaki wings	neutral
The flavor tasted like a sweet soy .	flavor	neutral
- the fries were crispy and seasoned perfectly .	fries	neutral
The garlic chili aioli sauce paired great with the fries .	garlic chili aioli sauce	neutral
The garlic chili aioli sauce paired great with the fries .	fries	neutral
Thai tea -	Thai tea	neutral
Their tea is average and less sweet than most .	tea	neutral
Compliments to the Chef and Management Team .	Chef	neutral
Compliments to the Chef and Management Team .	Management	neutral
Soft jazz , warm dumplings and spicy noodles .	jazz	neutral
Soft jazz , warm dumplings and spicy noodles .	dumplings	neutral
Soft jazz , warm dumplings and spicy noodles .	spicy noodles	neutral
Perfect setting for a romantic date after an exhausting day at the video lab .	setting	neutral
The food is really tasty here .	food	neutral
Well seasoned steaks and side dishes do nt disappoint .	steaks	neutral
Well seasoned steaks and side dishes do nt disappoint .	side dishes	neutral
I highly recommend the fresh summer corn salad and the slow roasted beef .	fresh summer corn salad	neutral
I highly recommend the fresh summer corn salad and the slow roasted beef .	slow roasted beef	neutral
This was a meal we were drooling over , weeks later .	meal	neutral
The tea is solid , seats are sparse and fill up fast ; the thing is , the music is really loud and there are n't any outlets .	tea	neutral
The tea is solid , seats are sparse and fill up fast ; the thing is , the music is really loud and there are n't any outlets .	seats	neutral
The tea is solid , seats are sparse and fill up fast ; the thing is , the music is really loud and there are n't any outlets .	music	neutral
So if you 're out with friends and happen to find a table , I guess it can be a fun place to socialize for a bit ...	place	neutral
I just would prefer outlets and quieter music .	music	neutral
The staff are friendly .	staff	neutral
It is a small spot , but very cute and a very light , friendly atmosphere .	spot	neutral
It is a small spot , but very cute and a very light , friendly atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
They have quite a few options- numerous dips , soft serve ice creams and several toppings .	dips	neutral
They have quite a few options- numerous dips , soft serve ice creams and several toppings .	soft serve ice creams	neutral
They have quite a few options- numerous dips , soft serve ice creams and several toppings .	toppings	neutral
Loved the food here .	food	neutral
My coworkers and I sampled the jagerschnitzel , ham hocks , and goulash soup .	jagerschnitzel	neutral
My coworkers and I sampled the jagerschnitzel , ham hocks , and goulash soup .	ham	neutral
Oh , and the beer of course !	beer	neutral
I 've never seen more than people working the floor , which leads to long , long , wait times .	wait	neutral
If you want to eat and run , this is not your place .	place	neutral
Customer service could definitely improve .	Customer service	neutral
I was n't happy with my shake because , like others have said in the reviews , it was bland .	shake	neutral
5 stars for the HUMMUS .	HUMMUS	neutral
Service , not always the best--	Service	neutral
I love this Baskin Robbins !	Baskin Robbins	neutral
The owners / staff are very friendly and there is always a customer around .	owners	neutral
The owners / staff are very friendly and there is always a customer around .	staff	neutral
.... 820p the waitress comes to our table and puts a reserved sign on our table and tells us that at 945pm that someone has reserved and we have to move ....	waitress	neutral
Yeah , that 's not normal or good customer service ? ! ? !	customer service	neutral
That 's why we go to Miller 's Ale House ! ! !	Ale House	neutral
The location is awesome they did an amazing job with the inside and out .	location	neutral
The location is awesome they did an amazing job with the inside and out .	inside	neutral
It has an a wonderful view of uptown which is best viewed at night time if you ask me : )	view	neutral
A plus for dog owners is the have a covered porch area off the back .	covered porch area	neutral
They have a huge selection of beers including some nice small batches .	beers	neutral
The bagels are so fresh and the soups are great as well .	bagels	neutral
The bagels are so fresh and the soups are great as well .	soups	neutral
The 5 star review is for the food all the way ! ! !	food	neutral
They have a casual atmosphere and can get very busy .	atmosphere	neutral
Do n't fret about the time it takes for the food because it comes out hot and tasty !	food	neutral
The only consistent thing about the loose moose is the horrible customer service .	customer service	neutral
The food is passable and the beer selection is decent , but where they really shine is the lack of customer skills in their servers .	food	neutral
The food is passable and the beer selection is decent , but where they really shine is the lack of customer skills in their servers .	beer selection	neutral
The food is passable and the beer selection is decent , but where they really shine is the lack of customer skills in their servers .	customer	neutral
The food is passable and the beer selection is decent , but where they really shine is the lack of customer skills in their servers .	servers	neutral
Great food , open 24/7 !	food	neutral
We had the pancakes bananas foster- large enough to share for 2 ....	pancakes	neutral
The air conditioning in the hotel is not adequate .	air conditioning	neutral
The air in the rooms is awful .	air	neutral
The air in the rooms is awful .	rooms	neutral
The customer service is what you would expect at a Motel 8 , not an expensive resort .	customer service	neutral
Business was slow .	Business	neutral
Sadly , I was informed the gyro was not available when I requested it as they just put it on the rack ...	gyro	neutral
Some regular patrons came in and the staff was very friendly with them .	staff	neutral
As they rung up the price ( over $ 6 for only the sandwich ? ? ) , he told me ....	sandwich	neutral
It was very average and lacked that slight dryness you 'd expect from a well prepared gyro .	gyro	neutral
The food is very good and the portions are huge .	food	neutral
The food is very good and the portions are huge .	portions	neutral
i ordered a ham and cheese crepe , my crepe and ham was n't cooked all the way , definently grose	ham and cheese crepe	neutral
Food was okay	Food	neutral
but the atmosphere inside is like hell ..	atmosphere	neutral
With that said all of the fish cuts are very small with an average portion of rice so you end up getting the wrong fish to rice ratio .	fish cuts	neutral
With that said all of the fish cuts are very small with an average portion of rice so you end up getting the wrong fish to rice ratio .	portion of	neutral
With that said all of the fish cuts are very small with an average portion of rice so you end up getting the wrong fish to rice ratio .	rice	neutral
With that said all of the fish cuts are very small with an average portion of rice so you end up getting the wrong fish to rice ratio .	fish	neutral
Overall I would not recommend this place .	place	neutral
Probably one of the lesser places to get food in surprise .	food	neutral
Had the " Chef Boy R We Burger " ad fries . . .	Chef Boy	neutral
the burger was very tasty , but a little over cooked . . .	burger	neutral
I like a juicy burger , and this was more well done . . .	burger	neutral
the beer was nice and cold . . .	beer	neutral
and the fries could have been crispier .	fries	neutral
Definitely a place a will return too .	place	neutral
No reservations , not a communal place I guess even though it looks hipster casual .	place	neutral
Service - my waitress was fine .	Service	neutral
Service - my waitress was fine .	waitress	neutral
Just turned off by the hostess .	hostess	neutral
Basically I agree with Eric C with the meal .	meal	neutral
Chicken - meh .	Chicken	neutral
Rice - like Eric C said it was n't the authentic .	Rice	neutral
Not the rice , not the sauces .	rice	neutral
Not the rice , not the sauces .	sauces	neutral
My meal felt like it came from the microwave .	meal	neutral
My meal was n't even hot .	meal	neutral
Not even the crispy chicken skin , it was warm at most but one was on the cooler than room temperature .	crispy	neutral
Not even the crispy chicken skin , it was warm at most but one was on the cooler than room temperature .	chicken skin	neutral
Soup - like Eric C said , it felt like it was out of a can and they threw in some fried garlic from a box and they did n't even fry it .	Soup	neutral
I 've paid for cheap street eats in Asia for good chicken rice .	chicken rice	neutral
, it looks decent , but it 's not a yummy dish at all .	dish	neutral
I tried the Settebello and	Settebello	neutral
the * Daviola those were so fresh and flavorful our bill was 29 bucks worth every bit of it	Daviola	neutral
The girl waitresses had awesome eyelashes too	girl waitresses	neutral
This place has been around forever , and it 's definitely had its ups and downs .	place	neutral
The appetisers are better at Eddie 's .	appetisers	neutral
The quality of meat is better at CCH .	meat	neutral
If you need a respite from CCH because of the insane crowds and wait times there , check out Eddie 's ( again ) .	Eddie	neutral
and I love Cracker Barrel !	Cracker Barrel	neutral
But this restaurant was by far the worst !	restaurant	neutral
The service was slow and I had to track down a waiter / waitress for drink refills .	service	neutral
The service was slow and I had to track down a waiter / waitress for drink refills .	waiter	neutral
The service was slow and I had to track down a waiter / waitress for drink refills .	waitress	neutral
We had two servers and neither of them were around much even though the server in the next section was around all the time and taking care of her customers .	servers	neutral
We had two servers and neither of them were around much even though the server in the next section was around all the time and taking care of her customers .	server	neutral
The corn bread was horrible and dry with little taste .	corn bread	neutral
The butter was frozen and would n't spread so basically it was worthless .	butter	neutral
When our food finally arrived my chicken and dumplings was a lump of tasteless dumplings in a sea of gravy with NO chicken .	chicken and dumplings	neutral
I do n't like to send food back or complain about it because I 'm scared that the server or cook will do something to my food .	server	neutral
I do n't like to send food back or complain about it because I 'm scared that the server or cook will do something to my food .	cook	neutral
My wife just gave me the cold chicken from her chicken salad to add to my Chicken - less chicken and dumplings .	chicken salad	neutral
My wife just gave me the cold chicken from her chicken salad to add to my Chicken - less chicken and dumplings .	chicken	neutral
I did n't yell , I was n't rude or upset but when the cashier asked me how my experience was I told her the truth , it was horrible .	cashier	neutral
and I told her that I doubted waiting any extra time for a manager would help the situation .	manager	neutral
The food and experience was n't worth the overcharged $ 53 bill , which was reluctantly paid .	food	neutral
The place is definitely a dive !	place	neutral
The worker was very nice and friendly and gave a great run down of the menu , including the sizing stating the small portions feed about 2 - 4 people and the 1/4 pizza sheets are about the size of the menus .	menu	neutral
The worker was very nice and friendly and gave a great run down of the menu , including the sizing stating the small portions feed about 2 - 4 people and the 1/4 pizza sheets are about the size of the menus .	portions	neutral
The worker was very nice and friendly and gave a great run down of the menu , including the sizing stating the small portions feed about 2 - 4 people and the 1/4 pizza sheets are about the size of the menus .	1/4	neutral
The worker was very nice and friendly and gave a great run down of the menu , including the sizing stating the small portions feed about 2 - 4 people and the 1/4 pizza sheets are about the size of the menus .	pizza sheets	neutral
We were also glad to see the menu had notations of which foods Guy Fieri ate so we remember what to order from the show !	menu	neutral
These " small " fries are definitely not " small " !	fries	neutral
BUT I do wish the waiter had asked if we can handle spicy foods or if we would like ranch / blue cheese or something because these are damn spicy !	waiter	neutral
but if there was some sort of dip or if the suicide sauce was put on the side , then sure .	suicide sauce	neutral
Overall though , the fries were very crispy and had great seasoning , and the habanero sauce was very flavorful !	fries	neutral
Overall though , the fries were very crispy and had great seasoning , and the habanero sauce was very flavorful !	habanero sauce	neutral
This is some damn good pizza ! !	pizza	neutral
The crust is thick like pan pizza or best comparison is to BJs restaurants , while also being buttery and crispy in a similar fashion !	crust	neutral
These toppings combine to make such an amazing pizza !	toppings	neutral
These toppings combine to make such an amazing pizza !	pizza	neutral
The meatballs are juicy and seared nicely , as you bite into them you can actually taste and feel the crust as they were just saut辿ed on a pan .	meatballs	neutral
Every bite has my pulling the cheese from the crust i LOVE it !	crust	neutral
The garlic sauce is thick and creamy and has the perfect amount of garlic .	garlic sauce	neutral
The spinach brings it together for a fresh bite with the slight bitterness !	spinach	neutral
Overall , a fine establishment for food and alcohol pairings and to catch the game !	establishment	neutral
Overall , a fine establishment for food and alcohol pairings and to catch the game !	food	neutral
I would love to come back for both the fries and pizza , but to be sure I get some ranch with those fries next time !	fries	neutral
I would love to come back for both the fries and pizza , but to be sure I get some ranch with those fries next time !	pizza	neutral
I would love to come back for both the fries and pizza , but to be sure I get some ranch with those fries next time !	fries	neutral
I love the Canadian Burger .	Canadian Burger	neutral
This is the best korean food I have tried !	korean food	neutral
Lots of side dishes .	side dishes	neutral
Every dish I have tried so far is awesome .	dish	neutral
I like the steam eggs , kimchi soup , kalbi , bulgogi and the octopus .	steam eggs	neutral
I like the steam eggs , kimchi soup , kalbi , bulgogi and the octopus .	kimchi soup	neutral
I like the steam eggs , kimchi soup , kalbi , bulgogi and the octopus .	kalbi	neutral
I like the steam eggs , kimchi soup , kalbi , bulgogi and the octopus .	bulgogi	neutral
I like the steam eggs , kimchi soup , kalbi , bulgogi and the octopus .	octopus	neutral
Staff was rude and unfriendly .	Staff	neutral
A nicer place is more near the gates .	place	neutral
IHOP seems to be one of the go to places for us when we are looking for something cheap for dinner .	IHOP	neutral
The kids think having breakfast for dinner is the coolest thing ever ( they eat free 4 - 10pm	breakfast	neutral
so that 's a bonus ) and IHOP is one of those places that you know what you are going to get .	IHOP	neutral
Our server was friendly , and when our food took longer than normal ( because of the huge party ahead of us and only one cook )	server	neutral
I ordered the patty melt ... weird choice in a breakfast joint	patty melt	neutral
I wish I was told that the burger did n't fit the shape of the bread .	burger	neutral
Little patty , huge pieces of bread .	patty	neutral
Little patty , huge pieces of bread .	bread	neutral
The onion rings were good and hot .	onion rings	neutral
The fries were n't great .	fries	neutral
Our server threw in an extra chicken strip and my daughter ate all of them but hardly touched the fruit ( I do n't blame her ... it looked gross ) .	server	neutral
While we were waiting there was another server who was " babysitting " a little girl ( probably not even 2 years old ) that was running all over the place and getting in the way .	server	neutral
I wish I could remember our servers name because she was on top of everything , communicated well , and was all round awesome .	servers	neutral
Everyone here at Noodle House is awesome .	Noodle House	neutral
We are always happy to come and dine here the food is great and the service also .	food	neutral
We are always happy to come and dine here the food is great and the service also .	service	neutral
I always come for Thai Tea	Thai Tea	neutral
This buffet was the worst I 've been at in Vegas .	buffet	neutral
First of all , my taco shells were stale !	taco shells	neutral
I went to the egg station where I witnessed the egg cook make dozens of mistakes and discarded half a dozen eggs .	egg cook	neutral
After what felt like twenty minutes with three other people in front of me , I asked for poached eggs but the cook told me they did n't have an egg poacher and offered me steam eggs instead .	cook	neutral
A few minutes later , I received two runny undercooked steamed eggs .	eggs	neutral
I should have known this cook did n't know how to cook eggs since he kept asking the customers if the eggs looked cooked enough before he took them off the stove .	cook	neutral
Most of the food were borderline edible and just plain bad .	food	neutral
The only things I liked here were their desserts ( lemon meringue , cheese danish , etc . ) .	desserts	neutral
The only things I liked here were their desserts ( lemon meringue , cheese danish , etc . ) .	lemon meringue	neutral
The only things I liked here were their desserts ( lemon meringue , cheese danish , etc . ) .	cheese danish	neutral
It 's just a shame that the people who run this buffet does n't care or know what good food is .	buffet	neutral
It 's just a shame that the people who run this buffet does n't care or know what good food is .	food	neutral
It also appears that the staff is overworked .	staff	neutral
Check this place out if you 're in the area .	place	neutral
Totally cool atmosphere and concept , great food , and they have a good craft beer selection if you are n't feeling like a 40 of Cobra .	atmosphere	neutral
Totally cool atmosphere and concept , great food , and they have a good craft beer selection if you are n't feeling like a 40 of Cobra .	food	neutral
Totally cool atmosphere and concept , great food , and they have a good craft beer selection if you are n't feeling like a 40 of Cobra .	craft beer selection	neutral
I had the curried cauliflower as an appetizer , they were so great , I try to replicate it at home now .	curried cauliflower	neutral
Clean Chinese grocery store with plenty of selection .	Chinese	neutral
Clean Chinese grocery store with plenty of selection .	grocery store	neutral
They 're one of the most popular / busiest T&Ts so their variety / choices are top - notch , but that also means that the store itself is usually packed ( regardless of the time and day ) and that parking is always a nightmare .	parking	neutral
Prices are competitive , but the cooked / to - go foods are n't that great .	cooked / to - go foods	neutral
They know what they 're doing when it comes to high quality , authentic food !	food	neutral
Best place for sushi in Ahwatukee .	place	neutral
Best place for sushi in Ahwatukee .	sushi	neutral
Who does n't love Ra ?	Ra	neutral
I tried their sauteed pepper appetizer .	sauteed pepper appetizer	neutral
Their sushi is amazing !	sushi	neutral
The reception staff are great .	reception staff	neutral
The bartender was great .	bartender	neutral
Escargot was not seasoned and very bland .	Escargot	neutral
Lobster Mac and Cheese was very dry and had too much bread crumbs	Lobster Mac and Cheese	neutral
The Mahi Mahi was overlooked , dry and hard .	Mahi Mahi	neutral
Meals were under seasoned .	Meals	neutral
Our server was MIA for more than 30 minutes .	server	neutral
Too bad the dining room could n't match the service at the bar .	dining room	neutral
Too bad the dining room could n't match the service at the bar .	service	neutral
If you can - get the pumpkin ice cream with granola mushed in .	pumpkin ice cream with granola	neutral
Was n't quite sure what to expect , as it 's an odd combination - pizza and rotisserie chicken - but was really impressed .	pizza	neutral
Was n't quite sure what to expect , as it 's an odd combination - pizza and rotisserie chicken - but was really impressed .	rotisserie chicken	neutral
Tried the buffalo chicken sandwich , and the chicken was done perfectly , with just the right amount of buffalo sauce and cheese , and even the bread was good .	buffalo chicken sandwich	neutral
Tried the buffalo chicken sandwich , and the chicken was done perfectly , with just the right amount of buffalo sauce and cheese , and even the bread was good .	buffalo sauce	neutral
Tried the buffalo chicken sandwich , and the chicken was done perfectly , with just the right amount of buffalo sauce and cheese , and even the bread was good .	bread	neutral
The pizza was delicious as well .	pizza	neutral
Tried the rotisserie chicken with Jamaican jerk marmalade , which was phenomenal .	rotisserie chicken with Jamaican jerk marmalade	neutral
Truth be told , I love to drop in this place and hear the old true Western and cowboy music done live by performers who are passionate to keep it real and alive !	Western	neutral
Truth be told , I love to drop in this place and hear the old true Western and cowboy music done live by performers who are passionate to keep it real and alive !	cowboy music	neutral
Pull up a seat or notice the barstool girlie legs give all their Americana to the experience .	barstool	neutral
Pull up a seat or notice the barstool girlie legs give all their Americana to the experience .	girlie	neutral
This place was seriously awesome .	place	neutral
Lots of choices on menu from pancakes and crepes to omelets , skillets and benedicts .	menu	neutral
Lots of choices on menu from pancakes and crepes to omelets , skillets and benedicts .	pancakes	neutral
Lots of choices on menu from pancakes and crepes to omelets , skillets and benedicts .	crepes	neutral
Lots of choices on menu from pancakes and crepes to omelets , skillets and benedicts .	omelets	neutral
Lots of choices on menu from pancakes and crepes to omelets , skillets and benedicts .	skillets	neutral
Coffee was good too .	Coffee	neutral
Adam is the best barman I 've come across in Cleveland .	Adam	neutral
Adam is the best barman I 've come across in Cleveland .	barman	neutral
Snacks are good and the cider is enjoyable also .	Snacks	neutral
Snacks are good and the cider is enjoyable also .	cider	neutral
- Egg bennies with peameal bacon and a miso gravy poutine .	Egg	neutral
The daily special caught my husband 's eye as it came with a poutine .	daily special	neutral
Egg bennies were cooked to perfection and the hollandaise sauce had a good consistency , with just the right amount of tang .	Egg bennies	neutral
Egg bennies were cooked to perfection and the hollandaise sauce had a good consistency , with just the right amount of tang .	hollandaise sauce	neutral
The miso gravy was also very tasty with a mild kick to it .	miso gravy	neutral
- Cheddar & Spinach waffles with avocado ( $ 13 . 5 ) -	Cheddar & Spinach waffles with avocado	neutral
The greens were fresh and mixed in a light Asian inspired sesame dressing .	greens	neutral
The flavour profile of the waffles was good and I enjoyed the addition of the tomato cream , but it was drenched in melted cheese , so it was quite soggy .	waffles	neutral
The flavour profile of the waffles was good and I enjoyed the addition of the tomato cream , but it was drenched in melted cheese , so it was quite soggy .	tomato cream	neutral
There was a side of grilled tomatoes , which I enjoyed as it added more sweetness to the overall savoury dish .	grilled tomatoes	neutral
- Cappuccino ( $ 3 . 75 ) - I did n't enjoy the cappuccino as it finished with a strong bitter flavour .	Cappuccino	neutral
- Cappuccino ( $ 3 . 75 ) - I did n't enjoy the cappuccino as it finished with a strong bitter flavour .	cappuccino	neutral
However , for those who enjoy strong coffee , this may work .	coffee	neutral
Overall , Lady Marmalade is consistent in its delivery of a good brunch , with friendly service , fresh ingredients and good execution overall .	brunch	neutral
Overall , Lady Marmalade is consistent in its delivery of a good brunch , with friendly service , fresh ingredients and good execution overall .	service	neutral
Overall , Lady Marmalade is consistent in its delivery of a good brunch , with friendly service , fresh ingredients and good execution overall .	ingredients	neutral
Definitely a good choice , but I would n't mind going elsewhere if the line - ups were long !	line -	neutral
Ordered a ham & pineapple pizza for delivery after hearing good things but was sadly disappointed .	ham & pineapple pizza	neutral
The crust was more like cardboard & overall the pie basically tasteless .	crust	neutral
The crust was more like cardboard & overall the pie basically tasteless .	pie	neutral
Great local florist who cares about her craft .	florist	neutral
I called and explained the situation and the owner was more than happy to make it right .	owner	neutral
Macaroons were pretty chewy , we never knew what they were going to taste like , or should taste like .	Macaroons	neutral
With regards to the Cupcakes .	Cupcakes	neutral
We found the Buttercream Icing used here very Buttery ( Greasy ) !	Buttercream	neutral
The cake was phenomenal , but the icing we could n't eat much of , so just scooped the icing off my cupcake and ate the cake only	cake	neutral
The seafood was fresh and delicious and the customer service was awesome .	seafood	neutral
The seafood was fresh and delicious and the customer service was awesome .	customer service	neutral
The manager gave us samples of one of their cocktails and their spicy edamame and their sushi chef gave us a sample of the smoky salmon which was my favorite dish of the night .	manager	neutral
The manager gave us samples of one of their cocktails and their spicy edamame and their sushi chef gave us a sample of the smoky salmon which was my favorite dish of the night .	cocktails	neutral
The manager gave us samples of one of their cocktails and their spicy edamame and their sushi chef gave us a sample of the smoky salmon which was my favorite dish of the night .	spicy edamame	neutral
The manager gave us samples of one of their cocktails and their spicy edamame and their sushi chef gave us a sample of the smoky salmon which was my favorite dish of the night .	sushi chef	neutral
The manager gave us samples of one of their cocktails and their spicy edamame and their sushi chef gave us a sample of the smoky salmon which was my favorite dish of the night .	smoky salmon	neutral
This was my first time trying any poke	poke	neutral
The fish was so fresh and the variety of sauces were great .	fish	neutral
The fish was so fresh and the variety of sauces were great .	sauces	neutral
I was offered samples of all the sauces	sauces	neutral
so I tried the house sauce	house sauce	neutral
New favorite place !	place	neutral
Halcyon is one of the coolest , most eclectic spots in all of Charlotte .	Halcyon	neutral
The atmosphere here is one of my favorite parts of it .	atmosphere	neutral
The dining room is small and open .	dining room	neutral
I love the tables , they are made of what looks like huge thinly cut tree stumps .	tables	neutral
The cocktail menu is the most unique list you will find anywhere .	cocktail menu	neutral
You 'll see all kinds of original concoctions that are created by the on - staff mixologist who is basically a genius .	mixologist	neutral
For food , there are lots of offerings that you wo n't find at many restaurants ( rabbit sausage anyone ? ) as well as some Southern classics like shrimp and grits .	shrimp and grits	neutral
The most recent dish I had there was the duck confit .	duck confit	neutral
Fresh ingredients , tender meat , and loaded with flavor .	ingredients	neutral
Fresh ingredients , tender meat , and loaded with flavor .	meat	neutral
If Halcyon is not on your short list of places to try , go ahead and put it on there , stat .	Halcyon	neutral
What can I really say about Sneak 's that has n't already been said ?	Sneak 's	neutral
Every time I have eaten there the food has been delicious and my experience has been warm and pleasant .	food	neutral
First time at Sneaky Dee 's was after a long and late night of bar hopping back in my school days .	Sneaky Dee	neutral
A friendly tattooed beauty brought me nourishment and sustinance of the best kind : greasy nachos and apple pie !	nachos	neutral
A friendly tattooed beauty brought me nourishment and sustinance of the best kind : greasy nachos and apple pie !	apple pie	neutral
My favourite is the Heuvos Rancheros ; eggs , beans , and a yummy	Heuvos Rancheros	neutral
My favourite is the Heuvos Rancheros ; eggs , beans , and a yummy	eggs	neutral
salad all in a tortilla shell , which was the best Mexican breakfast I 've ever had .	tortilla shell	neutral
salad all in a tortilla shell , which was the best Mexican breakfast I 've ever had .	Mexican breakfast	neutral
While the food at Sneaky Dee 's is to die for , I think the thing I love best about this place is the atmosphere .	food	neutral
While the food at Sneaky Dee 's is to die for , I think the thing I love best about this place is the atmosphere .	Sneaky Dee 's	neutral
While the food at Sneaky Dee 's is to die for , I think the thing I love best about this place is the atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
I 've seen business people , moms with toddlers ( though the music may deafen their baby ears ) teenagers and tattooed freaks rubbing elbows at Sneak 's	Sneak	neutral
Sneaky Dee 's is usually very busy , but the turn over of tables is usually pretty fast too , so you never have to wait too long to eat .	Sneaky Dee 's	neutral
The booths , unfortunately are usually packed , so the front is a more viable option for seating as long as you do n't mind meeting a few strangers .	booths	neutral
The booths , unfortunately are usually packed , so the front is a more viable option for seating as long as you do n't mind meeting a few strangers .	front	neutral
( The tables are very close together ) .	tables	neutral
If you 're visiting Toronto , or want to take some company visiting you to a great place for some cheap and comforting grub , Sneak 's is the place to go , bar none .	Sneak 's	neutral
It looks like any other nondescript hole in the wall Sushi Joint , but is anything	Sushi	neutral
Even their Uni , which I 've tried several times and not liked , was incredible .	Uni	neutral
I wish this place was open late .	place	neutral
The bread can be the most important part of a philly and this place has a great roll .	bread	neutral
The bread can be the most important part of a philly and this place has a great roll .	roll	neutral
Try this place .	place	neutral
Everything was absolutely delicious and the omelet that we had was incredible .	omelet	neutral
the pancakes were delicious .	pancakes	neutral
service was great	service	neutral
Char took great care of us .	Char	neutral
Petite ambiance ' homey ' mais surtout un Flat White	ambiance	neutral
Such amazing staff and an incredibly delicious and creative menu .	staff	neutral
Such amazing staff and an incredibly delicious and creative menu .	menu	neutral
I love chick - fil - a .	chick - fil - a	neutral
The staff is very friendly and demonstrates good customer service .	staff	neutral
The staff is very friendly and demonstrates good customer service .	customer service	neutral
One of the reasons we come to this location is because the ice cream tastes better here than the other chick - fil - a locations .	ice cream	neutral
The staff , however , needs training on how to properly make a good ice dream cone .	staff	neutral
I 'll give 5 stars when I get a well executed ice dream cone .	ice dream cone	neutral
The mac and cheese itself tasted pretty good , but the problem is with the iron skillet they served it in .	mac and cheese	neutral
The taste of iron from the skillet permeated throughout the entire dish !	skillet	neutral
The taste of iron was so strong and made the mac and cheese inedible .	mac and cheese	neutral
No problem with the service .	service	neutral
The waitresses were friendly and attentive .	waitresses	neutral
I enjoyed the cozy feeling the restaurant gave off when the lights were dimmed .	restaurant	neutral
I enjoyed the cozy feeling the restaurant gave off when the lights were dimmed .	lights	neutral
Good food , large portions , and exceptional service .	food	neutral
Good food , large portions , and exceptional service .	portions	neutral
Good food , large portions , and exceptional service .	service	neutral
We ordered half dozen oysters , gumbo , the crab / shrimp boil , two beers , and a mixed drink with the total cost coming to $ 83 . 16 which included a 10 % coupon we had from staying at the hotel .	crab / shrimp boil	neutral
The food was delicious .	food	neutral
My husband had the gumbo and oysters and finished it all while I had the crab / shrimp boil .	gumbo and	neutral
My husband had the gumbo and oysters and finished it all while I had the crab / shrimp boil .	oysters	neutral
My husband had the gumbo and oysters and finished it all while I had the crab / shrimp boil .	crab / shrimp boil	neutral
Our waitress was okay , but I felt like Angie , who was a busser , was more attentive .	waitress	neutral
At the end of our meal I made it a point to tell the manager how great she was .	manager	neutral
Inside service is friendly which is why I felt three stars was enough , but again our order was so slow to come out .	service	neutral
I do n't see how it 's possible when it 's just a few burgers .	burgers	neutral
Custard is tasty but everything else was blah at best .	Custard	neutral
Love love this place .	place	neutral
The chicken and the yellow rice is my go to order .	chicken and the	neutral
The chicken and the yellow rice is my go to order .	yellow rice	neutral
Also , the green sauce is to die for .	green sauce	neutral
If you do n't , give Pio Pio a try , you 'll change your mind .	Pio Pio	neutral
Their macarons on the other hand were't phenomenal , they were far from .	macarons	neutral
The interior was nicely decorated and fun .	interior	neutral
I would return to try their food , but not for their macarons .	food	neutral
I would return to try their food , but not for their macarons .	macarons	neutral
I have to say that I really do n't understand the hype around this place .	place	neutral
The beef itself was great but there were barely any peppers on the thing .	beef	neutral
Normally I like my italian beef soaking but	italian	neutral
The chicago dog was cooked with way too much grease and the bun was soggy .	chicago dog	neutral
The chicago dog was cooked with way too much grease and the bun was soggy .	bun	neutral
At least they have all of the ingredients which are hard to come by .	ingredients	neutral
The cheese fries were decent .	cheese fries	neutral
I have to say that for Tempe , the place is ok .	place	neutral
I 'll have to try it again and see if maybe the service and the food is better in the afternoon instead of at night .	service	neutral
I 'll have to try it again and see if maybe the service and the food is better in the afternoon instead of at night .	food	neutral
Great spot !	spot	neutral
They had a great band playing ( a little too loud for HH ) .	band	neutral
We shared some aps and flatbreat , their goat cheese flat bread was really good !	goat cheese flat bread	neutral
They really did a good job decorating the space and the round bar is great !	round bar	neutral
This place is definitely a gem .	place	neutral
It 's a little hole in the wall sushi joint with some of the freshest sushi I have ever had .	sushi	neutral
and you can see right into the brewery .	brewery	neutral
Their beer fridge has a fabulous selection .	beer fridge	neutral
I had no idea how many different beers they made .	beers	neutral
Great staff and tasty brews .	staff	neutral
Great staff and tasty brews .	brews	neutral
Friend tells me you get all the toppings you want on a pizza for $ 12 .	pizza	neutral
I am clearly in the minority , but I have had dozens of better hamburgers	hamburgers	neutral
-- we found both the front of the house and the food to be " indifferent " .	front of	neutral
-- we found both the front of the house and the food to be " indifferent " .	food	neutral
My Prime Time burger was confusing .	Prime Time burger	neutral
The medium cooked shaved prime rib made the medium rare burger underneath taste well done .	medium	neutral
The medium cooked shaved prime rib made the medium rare burger underneath taste well done .	burger	neutral
The sauce added no flavor .	sauce	neutral
When I deconstructed the burger , the prime rib was juicy but the prime Kobe patty was hard and completely tasteless .	burger	neutral
When I deconstructed the burger , the prime rib was juicy but the prime Kobe patty was hard and completely tasteless .	prime rib	neutral
When I deconstructed the burger , the prime rib was juicy but the prime Kobe patty was hard and completely tasteless .	prime Kobe patty	neutral
The onion rings were similarly sad .	onion rings	neutral
The taste was ok , but it was not an onion ring that had any bite at all .	onion ring	neutral
It seemed like a previously frozen onion ring where the onion had that chopped texture .	onion	neutral
Where were the rings of sweet onion dipped in a batter ?	sweet onion	neutral
Where were the rings of sweet onion dipped in a batter ?	batter	neutral
The nom - nom burger was similarly tasteless .	nom - nom burger	neutral
Overcooked at medium ( we were told medium was really most restaurants medium rare ) the patty was also tasteless .	patty	neutral
The small dab of dressing did not help matters .	dressing	neutral
The cheese , however , was good .	cheese	neutral
Our server was very efficient .	server	neutral
The hostess , less so .	hostess	neutral
This was a very disappointing meal .	meal	neutral
We have loved everything we have tried on their menu .	menu	neutral
Great atmosphere too .	atmosphere	neutral
and I found this place .	place	neutral
Great place I 'll definitely come back on my next trip to vegas	place	neutral
Food is amazing as usual .	Food	neutral
Lost a star bc service is n't great .	service	neutral
Consistency every time i return in quality of ingredients , service and taste of food !	ingredients	neutral
Consistency every time i return in quality of ingredients , service and taste of food !	service	neutral
Consistency every time i return in quality of ingredients , service and taste of food !	food	neutral
the friendly staff behind the counter and nice girls who wait on you when you come to dine in add to the positivity .	staff	neutral
the friendly staff behind the counter and nice girls who wait on you when you come to dine in add to the positivity .	girls	neutral
my favorite dessert is the yogurt with fresh granola and fruit .	dessert	neutral
my favorite dessert is the yogurt with fresh granola and fruit .	yogurt with fresh granola	neutral
i wish this place were open a bit longer .	place	neutral
i 've had most of the entrees , loving the duck salad with the sauce , the fresh greens taste like it 's gone from field to plate in the same day .	duck salad with	neutral
i 've had most of the entrees , loving the duck salad with the sauce , the fresh greens taste like it 's gone from field to plate in the same day .	fresh greens	neutral
i 'll happily give this quaint bistro 5 stars if they stay open longer hours .	bistro	neutral
I love the concept of this place , and the food is delicious .	place	neutral
I love the concept of this place , and the food is delicious .	food	neutral
The fries are great , they also have gluten free , dairy free , and vegan options .	fries	neutral
Get the base of roasted veggies and the french fries on top it was delicious .	base of roasted veggies	neutral
Get the base of roasted veggies and the french fries on top it was delicious .	french fries	neutral
The service was good and the place looked clean , so definitely a great place to check out .	service	neutral
The service was good and the place looked clean , so definitely a great place to check out .	place	neutral
The service was good and the place looked clean , so definitely a great place to check out .	place	neutral
They have a really cool layout with an open kitchen , an inner dining area that is kind of industrial - like in design and an outer dining area that is open to the inside , separated by the bar .	open kitchen	neutral
They have a really cool layout with an open kitchen , an inner dining area that is kind of industrial - like in design and an outer dining area that is open to the inside , separated by the bar .	inner dining area	neutral
Try the juice ; it is DELICIOUS .	juice	neutral
I had the pumpkin cheesecake pancakes , which were okay .	pumpkin cheesecake pancakes	neutral
They tasted kind of pumpkin - y , and the cheesecake " sauce " was a nice change to the usual old maple syrup routine .	cheesecake " sauce "	neutral
All the " fruity " sweet pancakes taste the same , and same goes for all of the " other " types - chocolate based , dessert based , what have you .	fruity	neutral
All the " fruity " sweet pancakes taste the same , and same goes for all of the " other " types - chocolate based , dessert based , what have you .	dessert	neutral
The good thing is that the pancakes are ginormous - like the size of a regular dinner plate - and you get FOUR of them .	pancakes	neutral
Probably will go again , and I 'm thinking of either getting something savory or going for one of the fruitier sweet breakfast options , like the lemon blueberry compote french toast .	lemon blueberry compote french toast	neutral
The wait is LONG .	wait	neutral
Parking is decent since this brunch place is located in one of those weird plaza areas like EVERYTHING else in Arizona .	Parking	neutral
I can not say enough about the staff and management 's friendliness , hospitality and overall awesomeness .	staff	neutral
I can not say enough about the staff and management 's friendliness , hospitality and overall awesomeness .	management	neutral
I came in tonight with some friends and not only was the food / drinks on point , multiple people came by to check on us and just say hello .	food	neutral
I came in tonight with some friends and not only was the food / drinks on point , multiple people came by to check on us and just say hello .	drinks	neutral
Dog friendly patio and great music .	patio	neutral
Dog friendly patio and great music .	music	neutral
Drinks and prices were okay , but I went to bowl	Drinks	neutral
If you like to bowl for the time you paid for I would highly recommend spending your money at a place that actually lets you play what you pay for !	place	neutral
GREAT BAR ! ! ! ! Have to say the overall theme and experience was awesome .	BAR	neutral
The staff was super helpful and kind .	staff	neutral
The bartenders did a great job handling the crowd of people during the grand opening .	bartenders	neutral
The drink specials were so on point ! ! !	drink specials	neutral
The have some excellent IPA 's on tap , but when you go you need to try the drink specials .	IPA 's	neutral
The have some excellent IPA 's on tap , but when you go you need to try the drink specials .	drink	neutral
Place is for sure a must see ! !	Place	neutral
The food was decent , the service fast and very nice , the prices decent .	food	neutral
The food was decent , the service fast and very nice , the prices decent .	service	neutral
The eggs are pretty good too .	eggs	neutral
I like their scrambles and the typical 3 egg breakfast .	scrambles	neutral
I like their scrambles and the typical 3 egg breakfast .	3	neutral
It 's a nice place to eat an easy breakfast , I 'm happy to say we never have to wait too often and that the restaurant is always clean .	place	neutral
It 's a nice place to eat an easy breakfast , I 'm happy to say we never have to wait too often and that the restaurant is always clean .	breakfast	neutral
It 's a nice place to eat an easy breakfast , I 'm happy to say we never have to wait too often and that the restaurant is always clean .	restaurant	neutral
Sadly they ca n't seem to keep their food consistent and twice I 've ordered a scramble bowl , and they 've brought me an omlette .	scramble	neutral
Their over - medium eggs come more like hardboiled .	eggs	neutral
I hope that they start to lift up their food and service , back to what it was when they opened .	food	neutral
I hope that they start to lift up their food and service , back to what it was when they opened .	service	neutral
Good subs , nice and quick service .	subs	neutral
Good subs , nice and quick service .	service	neutral
Love the ultimate porker	porker	neutral
Chinese food is normally greasy , but this was over - the - top .	Chinese food	neutral
The previous reviewer praised Bayview Court - how can my experience be so far off ?	Bayview Court	neutral
the service was slow ...	service	neutral
I think the have to bring food up from the basement ... that is a lot of walking for the waiters , they must be tired ( at least they get a lot of exercise )	waiters	neutral
the food is ok , basic same as other taiwanese places .. the dessert portions are really big and good !	food	neutral
the food is ok , basic same as other taiwanese places .. the dessert portions are really big and good !	dessert portions	neutral
Great time once again at the bar perfect seat for the hockey game !	bar	neutral
Great time once again at the bar perfect seat for the hockey game !	seat	neutral
Kirstyn did an awesome job mentioned any specials available got me a really cold dirty blonde	dirty blonde	neutral
and she kept them coming and some great suggestion on food	food	neutral
and we decided on the Philly which was great and big for a nice price	Philly	neutral
and I will definitely be back and get some more great service from Kirstyn great attitude and smile thanks ! !	service	neutral
The sandwiches are pretty good but the chips taste horrible .	sandwiches	neutral
The sandwiches are pretty good but the chips taste horrible .	chips	neutral
I enjoy the creativity with the sandwiches	sandwiches	neutral
I like more thin greasy pizzas but Panago does deliver taste .	Panago	neutral
We ordered small pizzas the other night for each of us and found them very tasty and filling .	pizzas	neutral
It reminded me of a better Pizza Hut pizza .	Pizza	neutral
Although the food is good here , the place has gone way downhill over the past year .	food	neutral
Although the food is good here , the place has gone way downhill over the past year .	place	neutral
Service is still adequate .	Service	neutral
Not as clean as it used to be , tables remain unclear and bused .	tables	neutral
Floors are filthy .	Floors	neutral
Coke machine sprays syrup on you so look out !	Coke machine	neutral
Awesome good , Awesome atmosphere and our server	atmosphere	neutral
Awesome good , Awesome atmosphere and our server	server	neutral
Adam was theeeee BEST .	Adam	neutral
I will come back for his service alone !	service	neutral
We were delighted with the bagels when we got home	bagels	neutral
The sun - dried tomato was particularly delicious .	sun - dried tomato	neutral
However , I am still extremely frustrated by the very rude staff member that was working at the time .	staff member	neutral
I love the bagels , but I feel like I do n't want to go back to the Richmond Hill location because the lady was so horrible .	bagels	neutral
In future as a paying customer I feel like I am just going to rip into the customer service person .	customer service	neutral
Great service and chef Paco came out to ensure everything was going well .	service	neutral
Great service and chef Paco came out to ensure everything was going well .	chef	neutral
Great service and chef Paco came out to ensure everything was going well .	Paco	neutral
The tortas dishes are great tasting , especially the housemade potato chips !	tortas dishes	neutral
The tortas dishes are great tasting , especially the housemade potato chips !	housemade potato chips	neutral
Eddie our server was great as well and super nice to us .	Eddie	neutral
Eddie our server was great as well and super nice to us .	server	neutral
Very cool atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Coffee is great , too .	Coffee	neutral
New favorite taco spot , great ceviche and shrimp tacos .	taco	neutral
New favorite taco spot , great ceviche and shrimp tacos .	ceviche	neutral
New favorite taco spot , great ceviche and shrimp tacos .	shrimp tacos	neutral
Danyell my sever was both professional and friendly .	Danyell	neutral
Consistency is key , and Barro 's is hit or miss as a pizza joint , but I order it regularly for one reason : when it hits it is the best local pizza chain in the valley .	Barro 's	neutral
Consistency is key , and Barro 's is hit or miss as a pizza joint , but I order it regularly for one reason : when it hits it is the best local pizza chain in the valley .	pizza	neutral
A few weeks back I had an OUTSTANDING pizza and wings that was worth every penny , tonight I ordered a sausage and onion pizza that was almost a joke .	pizza	neutral
A few weeks back I had an OUTSTANDING pizza and wings that was worth every penny , tonight I ordered a sausage and onion pizza that was almost a joke .	wings	neutral
A few weeks back I had an OUTSTANDING pizza and wings that was worth every penny , tonight I ordered a sausage and onion pizza that was almost a joke .	sausage and onion pizza	neutral
2 - 3 average to small pieces of sausage per slice , and the pie was so undercooked it was incredible .	sausage	neutral
2 - 3 average to small pieces of sausage per slice , and the pie was so undercooked it was incredible .	pie	neutral
The cheese was white , as in NO browning or golden rings at all , and you could still see the outline of the individual strands of cheese clumping together .	cheese	neutral
Same for the onion , still clear and not browned at all .	onion	neutral
What 's worse than super white cheese ?	cheese	neutral
The crust was white and almost chewy inside .	crust	neutral
Instead I 'm left knowing I have a 50/50 shot on an epic pie or an instant regret , which is unfortunate .	pie	neutral
The atmosphere in here is amazing !	atmosphere	neutral
Belly Carpaccio : the salmon was fresh and melts in your mouth !	Belly Carpaccio	neutral
Belly Carpaccio : the salmon was fresh and melts in your mouth !	salmon	neutral
: the beef tongue was very tender .	beef tongue	neutral
Nothing really too special about this dish .	dish	neutral
Regular pieces of fried chicken .	fried chicken	neutral
Definitely will be back for the beer selection and food .	beer selection	neutral
Definitely will be back for the beer selection and food .	food	neutral
Service was great .	Service	neutral
The food here reminds me of Denny 's or Village Inn .	food	neutral
The fried chicken was my greatest disappointment .	fried chicken	neutral
I told my daughter to remind me never to go back to this place again .	place	neutral
Great coffee .	coffee	neutral
Lovely ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
Great place to catch up with friends or take a few moments out of your day to unwind .	place	neutral
Also , the artwork changes out , so you get to scope out lots of artists .	artwork	neutral
To $ $ $ , better off going to a ALL YOU CAN EAT , never going there !	ALL YOU CAN EAT	neutral
The service is good but , prices are yo much .	service	neutral
Although this is a fun and casual place for dinner with friends , I think the seasoning on the food here is overwhelming .	place	neutral
Although this is a fun and casual place for dinner with friends , I think the seasoning on the food here is overwhelming .	food	neutral
The steaks are also pretty expensive for the amount you get ( about 4 - 5 slices for small , which typically runs me $ 15 ) .	steaks	neutral
Their sauces are colorful and interesting , but way too oily .	sauces	neutral
I also do n't understand why they would serve the steaks with chimichurri sauce if they think we would also like to try their other sauces .	steaks	neutral
The rub for the meat is also too salty anyway .	rub for the meat	neutral
I wish I could appreciate all the flavors in their sauces , but I think to save on costs they dilute the sauces down with oil .	sauces	neutral
I wish I could appreciate all the flavors in their sauces , but I think to save on costs they dilute the sauces down with oil .	sauces	neutral
I have tried to reproduce some of their sauces at home	sauces	neutral
Food also takes awhile to be served , but they are BYOB	Food	neutral
Overall , I keep coming back mostly for the cool vibes and decor , but the steaks could be so much more .	vibes	neutral
Overall , I keep coming back mostly for the cool vibes and decor , but the steaks could be so much more .	decor	neutral
Overall , I keep coming back mostly for the cool vibes and decor , but the steaks could be so much more .	steaks	neutral
If I give a start it is just for the friendly staff working there .	staff	neutral
The food quality is pretty poor !	food	neutral
The worst tasteless Poutine !	Poutine	neutral
The thing they offer as a Pizza is called " Flammekueches " in other places and is much cheaper !	Pizza	neutral
The place itself is cool , but you pay too much for the food they offer !	place	neutral
The place itself is cool , but you pay too much for the food they offer !	food	neutral
I love their fried pickles and malts , but their chicken pot pie was HORRIBLE .	fried pickles	neutral
I love their fried pickles and malts , but their chicken pot pie was HORRIBLE .	chicken pot pie	neutral
I was excited to see bambu had reopened down the street	bambu	neutral
The service was not good as the cashier was on the phone with a personal call throughout my transaction .	service	neutral
The service was not good as the cashier was on the phone with a personal call throughout my transaction .	cashier	neutral
The atmosphere is very dull as it is only white walls with two TVs hung on the wall .	atmosphere	neutral
Now to the most important part , the ch竪 !	ch竪	neutral
The ch竪 was bland and only the milk was sweet .	ch竪	neutral
The ch竪 was bland and only the milk was sweet .	milk	neutral
My fianc辿e got # 5 smashed avocado	avocado	neutral
Sadly I have to give the place 3 stars	place	neutral
I threw out my order after I found cheese in my vegan salad .	vegan salad	neutral
Based on the reviews , our expectations were set higher than usual and man , did this place live up to them .	place	neutral
From the moment we walked in , we were greated by a very warm and gracious young lady .	young	neutral
From the moment we walked in , we were greated by a very warm and gracious young lady .	lady	neutral
My choices included a LARGE slice of cheese pizza , a huge garden salad and 5 impressively sized wings ( medium and bone in ) .	slice	neutral
My choices included a LARGE slice of cheese pizza , a huge garden salad and 5 impressively sized wings ( medium and bone in ) .	cheese pizza	neutral
My choices included a LARGE slice of cheese pizza , a huge garden salad and 5 impressively sized wings ( medium and bone in ) .	garden salad	neutral
My choices included a LARGE slice of cheese pizza , a huge garden salad and 5 impressively sized wings ( medium and bone in ) .	wings	neutral
The steak for my wife was thin and flavorful .	steak	neutral
The wings , crispy and juicy .	wings	neutral
the crust and sauce they use is grade a.	crust	neutral
the crust and sauce they use is grade a.	sauce	neutral
That in itself is nothing , I have lowered my expectations of customer service since this new generation of pimple popping orgy addicts got their work permits a few years ago .	customer service	neutral
However , when I got the foot - long turkey sammi back to my office , the half I chose for breakfast had a little good morning suprise .	turkey sammi	neutral
Not happy Subway .	Subway	neutral
There is a lovely Quiznos on Central and Camelback ...	Quiznos	neutral
I had 2 dipping sauces that the waitress recommended .	dipping	neutral
I had 2 dipping sauces that the waitress recommended .	sauces	neutral
Service was really good	Service	neutral
Will definitely order that next time and will have to try the white choc green tea fondue dessert .	white choc green tea fondue dessert	neutral
Usually I have a great visit but today all the stock employees were nice as usual and always willing to help , but the cashier a older black lady was so rude while she was checking me out today that I will never ever shop at WinCo again .	stock employees	neutral
Usually I have a great visit but today all the stock employees were nice as usual and always willing to help , but the cashier a older black lady was so rude while she was checking me out today that I will never ever shop at WinCo again .	cashier	neutral
I 'd rather pay more for better service at Fry 's .	service	neutral
It sad how one bad experience has out a horrible taste in my mouth regarding WinCo now .	WinCo	neutral
I used to love this store and the prices as well as the friendly employees .	store	neutral
I used to love this store and the prices as well as the friendly employees .	employees	neutral
I 've been looking for a really excellent Indian restaurant in Vegas for a while now , and this totally exceeded my expectations .	Indian restaurant	neutral
My significant other ordered a lamb - curry dealio and could n't rave enough about it .	lamb - curry dealio	neutral
This was his first time trying Indian food ever , so this was a pretty epic moment .	Indian food	neutral
There is a plethora of vegetarian options , of course , and the naan tasted uber hot and fresh and is friggin ' delightful .	vegetarian	neutral
There is a plethora of vegetarian options , of course , and the naan tasted uber hot and fresh and is friggin ' delightful .	naan	neutral
The front house service is slow .	front house service	neutral
I thought the food was pretty good .	food	neutral
Be careful because the plates are extremely hot to touch .	plates	neutral
The host service was BAD !	host service	neutral
The waitress placed the receipt and credit card of another customer at our table .	waitress	neutral
I believe she was new because the manager came to her aide .	manager	neutral
Otherwise , the food was really good and flavorful .	food	neutral
I was fooled by the pictures thinking this was a ginormous castle , but sadly , it was not .	castle	neutral
The second floor had a few rooms with classic furniture and history .	furniture	neutral
I think I enjoyed the back gardens the most with the fountain .	back gardens	neutral
I think I enjoyed the back gardens the most with the fountain .	fountain	neutral
I love the giant pretzels !	giant	neutral
I love the giant pretzels !	pretzels	neutral
The beer selection is great .	beer selection	neutral
Great food , super fast lunch service .	food	neutral
Great food , super fast lunch service .	lunch service	neutral
seating was full but the bar was good place to sit to see all the action	bar	neutral
The meat for the tacos was seasoned well .	meat	neutral
The meat for the tacos was seasoned well .	tacos	neutral
They have fresh salsa and aguas frescas as well .	salsa	neutral
They have fresh salsa and aguas frescas as well .	aguas frescas	neutral
The portions were also good .	portions	neutral
A great place for family and a quite night away from the strip ..	place	neutral
Not a bad thing when you want to enjoy great Italian food in great company with a glass of wine .. ! !	Italian food	neutral
Not a bad thing when you want to enjoy great Italian food in great company with a glass of wine .. ! !	glass of wine	neutral
Cute place .	place	neutral
Good location , street parking available .	location	neutral
Service no good .	Service	neutral
Portions small , food overpriced .	Portions	neutral
Portions small , food overpriced .	food	neutral
Beer warm , yuck .	Beer	neutral
Better off going to chipotle give up the ambience for better food and cold beer .	ambience	neutral
Better off going to chipotle give up the ambience for better food and cold beer .	food	neutral
Better off going to chipotle give up the ambience for better food and cold beer .	beer	neutral
2nd to none beer selection that keeps this place a must go destination for me every time o come to Cleveland .	beer selection	neutral
The food is what you 'd expect it to be , decent for the money but is n't going to wow you .	food	neutral
But the food is not why you come to the lizard .	food	neutral
You come for the beer list , and the menu compliments your drinking adventure .	beer list	neutral
You come for the beer list , and the menu compliments your drinking adventure .	menu	neutral
The cigar patio is also great if that 's your thing .	cigar patio	neutral
I recommend it highly to any beer lovers	beer	neutral
What a great place !	place	neutral
The food was amazing but the service lacked a bit .	food	neutral
The food was amazing but the service lacked a bit .	service	neutral
The portions were just the right size and you could taste the flavor in every single bite .	portions	neutral
The patio was pretty full but it was a nice day .	patio	neutral
and I feel like this is the best sushi I have ever had .	sushi	neutral
Excellent service , nice interior and seasonal fresh ingredients .	service	neutral
Excellent service , nice interior and seasonal fresh ingredients .	interior	neutral
Excellent service , nice interior and seasonal fresh ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
It 's not cheap but for a true sushi experience , it is worth it .	sushi	neutral
I got take out and we ordered the Chilli Chicken , hakka noodles and the shrimp fried rice .	Chilli	neutral
I got take out and we ordered the Chilli Chicken , hakka noodles and the shrimp fried rice .	shrimp fried rice	neutral
, I was actually a little disappointed since people rave so hard about this place .	place	neutral
Maybe I ordered the wrong things but tbh all the dishes lacked in flavour .	dishes	neutral
The chilli chicken was the best one out of the three , its one of those dishes you first bite into and its good and then as you eat it , you get so sick of it	chilli chicken	neutral
I 've definitely had better chilli chicken yo !	chilli chicken	neutral
The hakka noodles tasted like OIL and noodles with pieces of chicken in it , no flavour at all .	hakka noodles	neutral
The shrimp fried rice just lacked in flavour again , ended up eating steamed rice because it had more flavour than this dish .	shrimp fried rice	neutral
Next to a small bar area .	bar area	neutral
This is n't a big place .	place	neutral
The word must be getting out that it 's a cool spot with great food .	spot	neutral
The word must be getting out that it 's a cool spot with great food .	food	neutral
The crock I had was good .	crock	neutral
That 's the only complaint I have about the food .	food	neutral
Cheese , bacon , sour cream , jalape単o .	sour	neutral
The cheese was creamy and light .	cheese	neutral
The sour cream was more like a Mexican Crema .	sour cream	neutral
Bacon was crunchy .	Bacon	neutral
I ordered the meatball sub .	meatball	neutral
The meatballs were so tender they fell apart in my mouth as I was eating them .	meatballs	neutral
The sauce was also very good .	sauce	neutral
The top of the bun was toasted and crispy .	bun	neutral
A very well made sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
Staff was amazing , food was amazing .	Staff	neutral
Staff was amazing , food was amazing .	food	neutral
this place is great .	place	neutral
I really wanted to like this place	place	neutral
The music was good but it was so packed you could n't dance if you wanted to .	music	neutral
The bathrooms were nice and clean .	bathrooms	neutral
I had fun with my friends , but I just do n't get the appeal of this place .	place	neutral
Service is kind of lacking , and they do n't even use the conveyor belts when it 's supposed to be a conveyor belt sushi place .	Service	neutral
The sushi tasted really good though .	sushi	neutral
The food flavour is disgusting and to top it all off the driver expects a tip ..	food	neutral
The food flavour is disgusting and to top it all off the driver expects a tip ..	driver	neutral
Firstly , I must tell you that I LOVE sandwiches .	sandwiches	neutral
I really enjoyed this sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
The horseradish was the only thing I was hesitant about .	horseradish	neutral
The roast beef was good but had a few chewy fat pieces that were hard to eat .	roast beef	neutral
Italian - Salami , Capicola , Ham , Mortadella , Zesty Italian Dressing , Mozzarella & Roma Tomato .	Capicola	neutral
Italian - Salami , Capicola , Ham , Mortadella , Zesty Italian Dressing , Mozzarella & Roma Tomato .	Ham	neutral
Italian - Salami , Capicola , Ham , Mortadella , Zesty Italian Dressing , Mozzarella & Roma Tomato .	Mortadella	neutral
Italian - Salami , Capicola , Ham , Mortadella , Zesty Italian Dressing , Mozzarella & Roma Tomato .	Italian Dressing	neutral
Who does n't enjoy those deliciously salty meats ? ! ?	meats	neutral
The tomato was wrapped in the meat which did n't affect the taste but was strange in my opinion .	tomato	neutral
The best thing about this sandwich was the mustard .	sandwich	neutral
The best thing about this sandwich was the mustard .	mustard	neutral
I really like their mustard .	mustard	neutral
I liked the Original sandwich the best .	sandwich	neutral
The Italian sandwich just was okay and not what I expected .	Italian sandwich	neutral
Both sandwiches were nicely crisped and toasted .	sandwiches	neutral
The sandwiches are cheap but there really is n't much to them other than a couple pieces of meat , cheese and bread .	sandwiches	neutral
The sandwiches are cheap but there really is n't much to them other than a couple pieces of meat , cheese and bread .	meat	neutral
The sandwiches are cheap but there really is n't much to them other than a couple pieces of meat , cheese and bread .	cheese	neutral
The sandwiches are cheap but there really is n't much to them other than a couple pieces of meat , cheese and bread .	bread	neutral
These are simple toasted sandwiches .	sandwiches	neutral
Wanted to try some fench food for summerlicious , and le papillion was the most convinient .	papillion	neutral
All the meuu items looked delicious , and if given the oppurtunity , i would try its full experience .	meuu	neutral
Right off the bat , the service was good .	service	neutral
Water was always full , waiter was polite and patient , and food arrived promptly .	waiter	neutral
However , the patio is quite small and the table is quite cramped .	patio	neutral
However , the patio is quite small and the table is quite cramped .	table	neutral
The appetizer I got off the summerlicious menu was the smoked salmon , which was very bland .	smoked salmon	neutral
I would suggest that you get the salad or soup for summerlicious .	salad	neutral
I would suggest that you get the salad or soup for summerlicious .	soup	neutral
We got all the entrees available for summerlicious ( the fish , the chicken , and the pork ) , and all provided the french flavour I expected .	fish	neutral
We got all the entrees available for summerlicious ( the fish , the chicken , and the pork ) , and all provided the french flavour I expected .	chicken	neutral
We got all the entrees available for summerlicious ( the fish , the chicken , and the pork ) , and all provided the french flavour I expected .	pork	neutral
The chicken was moist , and had a terrfic sauce on it ( the name escapes me ) , the fish also had unique sweet flavour ; being seasoned with mangos .	chicken	neutral
The chicken was moist , and had a terrfic sauce on it ( the name escapes me ) , the fish also had unique sweet flavour ; being seasoned with mangos .	fish	neutral
The pork , however , was a tad dry , but the wine sauce and mushroom made up for it .	pork	neutral
The pork , however , was a tad dry , but the wine sauce and mushroom made up for it .	wine sauce	neutral
The pork , however , was a tad dry , but the wine sauce and mushroom made up for it .	mushroom	neutral
The desserts offered were also amazing , but the crepe had a strong liqour taste .	desserts	neutral
The desserts offered were also amazing , but the crepe had a strong liqour taste .	crepe	neutral
Overall , the food had the quality and flavour , but I expected more for the price .	food	neutral
Again , it may be diluted , because of summerlicious , but it is a nice change of pace for someone used to constant asian food .	asian food	neutral
They love their music so loud , they 'll crank the speakers to ELEVEN !	music	neutral
You can finish reading if you do n't care to read about how Boulders missed out on a big opportunity to be a great place for stand - up comedy .	place	neutral
You can finish reading if you do n't care to read about how Boulders missed out on a big opportunity to be a great place for stand - up comedy .	stand	neutral
When I was here back in May , this was a cool place to hang out with friends .	place	neutral
and I wanted to get better , but there were n't enough true open - mic nights to work out new material where you can just go sign up and get on stage .	open	neutral
The staff were very nice to us for providing waters for everyone and were very accommodating .	staff	neutral
By drowning us out with your music and making our show less enjoyable , the show in general drew fewer audience members .	music	neutral
It was progressively getting less and less of a credible open mic night and more of a colossal waste of time .	open	neutral
Thank you for the good times and I ca n't recommend this place enough to music lovers .	place	neutral
Being a true southerner ( NC ) , this is as close as we 've came to authentic ( quality ) southern food .	southern food	neutral
Great service and great food .	service	neutral
Great service and great food .	food	neutral
We had the southern BLT appetizer with fried green tomatoes , fried chicken , biscuits , spicy fried chicken sandwich with fried and southern coleslaw .	southern BLT	neutral
We had the southern BLT appetizer with fried green tomatoes , fried chicken , biscuits , spicy fried chicken sandwich with fried and southern coleslaw .	fried green tomatoes	neutral
We had the southern BLT appetizer with fried green tomatoes , fried chicken , biscuits , spicy fried chicken sandwich with fried and southern coleslaw .	fried chicken	neutral
We had the southern BLT appetizer with fried green tomatoes , fried chicken , biscuits , spicy fried chicken sandwich with fried and southern coleslaw .	biscuits	neutral
We had the southern BLT appetizer with fried green tomatoes , fried chicken , biscuits , spicy fried chicken sandwich with fried and southern coleslaw .	spicy fried chicken	neutral
Rooster 's is my jam !	Rooster 's	neutral
The salmon is where its at , and the BBQ chicken is incredible .	salmon	neutral
The salmon is where its at , and the BBQ chicken is incredible .	BBQ chicken	neutral
The sauce is what makes it !	sauce	neutral
It is an ideal spot to grab dinner before or after a show at the Time Warner Cable Arena .	spot	neutral
Rooter 's is a Jim Noble restaurant ; known for outstanding service , food , and ambiance .	service	neutral
Rooter 's is a Jim Noble restaurant ; known for outstanding service , food , and ambiance .	food	neutral
Rooter 's is a Jim Noble restaurant ; known for outstanding service , food , and ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
This location functions on two levels .	location	neutral
The upstairs level is the dining room and main kitchen .	dining room	neutral
The upstairs level is the dining room and main kitchen .	main kitchen	neutral
Downstairs you will find the bar area with shared pub style seating .	pub	neutral
There are no restrooms in the actual restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Rooster 's offers an exceptional wine selection , and many menu items are sourced locally .	wine selection	neutral
Rooster 's offers an exceptional wine selection , and many menu items are sourced locally .	menu	neutral
Be sure to try the charcuterie board .	charcuterie board	neutral
Meat and cheese selections change daily , but the servers can guide you .	Meat	neutral
Meat and cheese selections change daily , but the servers can guide you .	cheese	neutral
Meat and cheese selections change daily , but the servers can guide you .	servers	neutral
The liver mousse is amazing .	liver mousse	neutral
I have always had the notso omelet .	notso	neutral
I have always had the notso omelet .	omelet	neutral
Service is always hit or miss .	Service	neutral
For being a quaint , old fashioned , mom and pop ice cream parlor , I give The Sugar Bowl about 3 stars .	Sugar Bowl	neutral
In this age of Baskin Robbins and Cold Stone , it 's nice to see a real ice cream parlor with two full menu pages dedicated to delicious ice cream creations .	menu	neutral
In this age of Baskin Robbins and Cold Stone , it 's nice to see a real ice cream parlor with two full menu pages dedicated to delicious ice cream creations .	ice	neutral
That s about the best I can say about the place tho .	place	neutral
The general decor is old and run down , the attentiveness of the wait staff is mediocre at best , and the place just has a generally dirty feel to it .	general decor	neutral
The general decor is old and run down , the attentiveness of the wait staff is mediocre at best , and the place just has a generally dirty feel to it .	wait staff	neutral
The general decor is old and run down , the attentiveness of the wait staff is mediocre at best , and the place just has a generally dirty feel to it .	place	neutral
They advertise their " Family Circus " history all over the place , but that is hardly enough to sustain a restaurant like this .	restaurant	neutral
My real frustration however , is the " Game Room " , which at first glace appears to be their miniaturized immitation of Chuck E. Cheese , only it falls way short .	Game Room	neutral
My real frustration however , is the " Game Room " , which at first glace appears to be their miniaturized immitation of Chuck E. Cheese , only it falls way short .	Chuck E. Cheese	neutral
The " Candy Claw " game that * used * to be " Play til you win " is now two tokens for one try , whether you win or not , and the claw does n't even close until it 's halfway back up to the top of the machine ! !	Candy Claw	neutral
The ice cream is great , the food is mediocre for what they charge , the water tastes like filtered sewer water , and the staff looks like they wished they worked at Wal Mart .	ice cream	neutral
The ice cream is great , the food is mediocre for what they charge , the water tastes like filtered sewer water , and the staff looks like they wished they worked at Wal Mart .	food	neutral
The ice cream is great , the food is mediocre for what they charge , the water tastes like filtered sewer water , and the staff looks like they wished they worked at Wal Mart .	water	neutral
The ice cream is great , the food is mediocre for what they charge , the water tastes like filtered sewer water , and the staff looks like they wished they worked at Wal Mart .	staff	neutral
The game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room	neutral
Went here for casual lunch and enjoyed the chicken chimichanga .	chicken chimichanga	neutral
They bring you 2 delicious salsas , one spicy and one mild along with warm tortilla chips .	salsas	neutral
They bring you 2 delicious salsas , one spicy and one mild along with warm tortilla chips .	tortilla chips	neutral
I skip the lettuce .	lettuce	neutral
Chicken was all white meat and very tender .	Chicken	neutral
The waiter was excellent and attentive bringing refills and more chips .	waiter	neutral
The outdoor patio was great to enjoy the beautiful weather .	outdoor patio	neutral
it was probably the best drink I ever had .	drink	neutral
then the delivery cost double the cost of the cake , so we went in store to pick it up .	delivery	neutral
We chose the key lime tart , I had an earl grey tea , and my friend had the peppermint .	key lime tart	neutral
We chose the key lime tart , I had an earl grey tea , and my friend had the peppermint .	earl grey tea	neutral
Delicious tea .	tea	neutral
THE TART WAS FREAKING AMAZING .	TART	neutral
The creme was delicious .	creme	neutral
The chocolatey base was heavenly , and who wudda thunk to put em togethz ?	chocolatey base	neutral
Great food and very welcoming staff .	food	neutral
Great food and very welcoming staff .	staff	neutral
The buffet has many flavours and all are great .	buffet	neutral
Small , mom and pop operation but the owners are super nice	owners	neutral
Nice selection of flavors , my favorite is salted caramel with a little bit of fudge and caramel syrup .	salted	neutral
Try the amazing smoothies !	smoothies	neutral
Joseph is always so helpful !	Joseph	neutral
It now seems overpriced and service is shotty .	service	neutral
Although the food is decent , there are so many other places to go ...	food	neutral
I met a friend for lunch and our waiter was nice but not very attentive .	waiter	neutral
We both ordered the grilled veggie salad .	grilled veggie salad	neutral
He complained about the amount of salmon in his salad , but my shrimp was decent .	salad	neutral
He complained about the amount of salmon in his salad , but my shrimp was decent .	shrimp	neutral
When it was time to pay , our waiter once again seemed to take forever !	waiter	neutral
All in all , this is a consistent chain pizza place -	pizza place	neutral
most anyone will find something to enjoy on their large menu , but it is what it is ... a chain .	menu	neutral
It 's my favourite place for dinners and drinks and they have a great brunch .	place	neutral
It 's my favourite place for dinners and drinks and they have a great brunch .	brunch	neutral
and I was blown away by a delicious meal .	meal	neutral
Although there were many tempting dishes on the menu I decided to go with a simple fish & chips order accompanied by a pint of Blanche de Chambly .	dishes	neutral
Although there were many tempting dishes on the menu I decided to go with a simple fish & chips order accompanied by a pint of Blanche de Chambly .	fish & chips	neutral
Being that I 've had the real deal courtesy of the lovely Brits , my expectations were that it would be an okay attempt at a fish & chips .	fish & chips	neutral
It was the best fish and chips I 've had in my life , and that includes my fish & chips experiences in London , which until that very moment could not be touched by any North American attempt .	fish and chips	neutral
It was the best fish and chips I 've had in my life , and that includes my fish & chips experiences in London , which until that very moment could not be touched by any North American attempt .	fish & chips	neutral
The fish was lightly battered , so none of that more batter than fish nonsense .	fish	neutral
The portion size was also quite generous .	portion size	neutral
Also I love my potatoes and these chips were made from real potatoes - none of that frozen stuff .	potatoes	neutral
Also I love my potatoes and these chips were made from real potatoes - none of that frozen stuff .	chips	neutral
The sweet cold - slaw topped the meal off nicely and my pint of Blanche de Chambly was of - course tasty as expected .	Blanche de Chambly	neutral
Service was good , as the server was very helpful ... as was the hostess who kindly accommodated our requests .	Service	neutral
Service was good , as the server was very helpful ... as was the hostess who kindly accommodated our requests .	server	neutral
Service was good , as the server was very helpful ... as was the hostess who kindly accommodated our requests .	hostess	neutral
The magical cinnamon and sugar dusted sweet potato FEZ fries with their special dipping sauce is extremely addictive .	sweet potato FEZ fries	neutral
The magical cinnamon and sugar dusted sweet potato FEZ fries with their special dipping sauce is extremely addictive .	special dipping sauce	neutral
FEZ kisra is very flavorful .	FEZ kisra	neutral
Lots of fresh and flavorful topping , one of my hubby 's favorite on the menu .	topping	neutral
FEZ burger is a good one when you want a safe option to try out their food , if you are a little less adventurous .	FEZ burger	neutral
FEZ burger is a good one when you want a safe option to try out their food , if you are a little less adventurous .	food	neutral
The field salad that comes with it is fresh and tasty too .	field salad	neutral
My favorite dish is the Crisp Pomegranate Chicken .	Crisp Pomegranate Chicken	neutral
The sweet flavor of pomegranate dressing and the tender chicken breasts are beautifully complimented by the veggie and fruits that are placed below the chicken .	pomegranate dressing	neutral
The sweet flavor of pomegranate dressing and the tender chicken breasts are beautifully complimented by the veggie and fruits that are placed below the chicken .	tender chicken breasts	neutral
The sweet flavor of pomegranate dressing and the tender chicken breasts are beautifully complimented by the veggie and fruits that are placed below the chicken .	veggie	neutral
A surprise item was the breakfast kisra .	breakfast kisra	neutral
He has always been a simple cheeseburger kind of guy , but has really enjoyed all the food he had tried here .	cheeseburger	neutral
He has always been a simple cheeseburger kind of guy , but has really enjoyed all the food he had tried here .	food	neutral
We yet to try their desserts , mainly because by the time we are done with the fries and the main course , there was no more room ...	fries	neutral
seriously , their portion is well worth the money !	portion	neutral
The only one thing I did not really care for was the FEZ lettuce wraps .	FEZ lettuce wraps	neutral
But again , I do n't really like overly sweet food ...	food	neutral
I do n't drink alcohol , but a few times my hubby and friends tried a few of their signature drinks and really really loved them .	drinks	neutral
The list of a few favs : honeydew melon , key lime pie , apricosmo and pomtini .	key lime pie	neutral
I did enjoy the virgin mojito here , FEZ is one of the few places I can actually order that .	virgin mojito	neutral
Treat yourself with a basket of cinnamon and sugar dusted sweet potato FEZ fries , and try out one of their dishes , your taste buds will thank you for it .	sweet potato FEZ fries	neutral
Treat yourself with a basket of cinnamon and sugar dusted sweet potato FEZ fries , and try out one of their dishes , your taste buds will thank you for it .	dishes	neutral
Also , I rate their services to be outstanding compared to most of the restaurants at this price range .	services	neutral
This is a great place to get ice cream !	place	neutral
Large variety of Flavors , not to many & many ways to have your ice cream .	ice	neutral
The staff is always helpful , knowledgeable & friendly .	staff	neutral
The burgers were umami and the fries are just crisp and delicious !	burgers	neutral
The burgers were umami and the fries are just crisp and delicious !	fries	neutral
I can never get tired of eating Fukuburger .	Fukuburger	neutral
This place was absolutely amazing .	place	neutral
They have friendly staff .	staff	neutral
The ice cream is in cute little shapes .	ice cream	neutral
If you go here I recommend the Cheeseburger .	Cheeseburger	neutral
They make their own hamburger buns and they are delicious .	hamburger buns	neutral
I usually order soda because their iced tea always seems to have a sour taste .	iced tea	neutral
Also , I think Leo makes the best breakfast in town .	breakfast	neutral
When you ask for soft scrambled eggs , you get soft scrambled eggs .	scrambled	neutral
Nice place , really like that they are open late .	place	neutral
Got the Rainbow poutine with veggie gravy .	Rainbow poutine	neutral
It was good quality , however I will echo what others have said here on the amount of cheese curds .	cheese curds	neutral
Especially for the WOW size , the curds were almost non existent .	curds	neutral
Server was really nice and store was clean .	Server	neutral
Server was really nice and store was clean .	store	neutral
Loved that they have all the condiments available for you to get yourself .	condiments	neutral
30 years later , he is brightening customers ' days with coffee , genuine conversation , and delectable baked goods , including PHENOMENAL cannolis .	baked goods	neutral
30 years later , he is brightening customers ' days with coffee , genuine conversation , and delectable baked goods , including PHENOMENAL cannolis .	cannolis	neutral
( " The price for each cannoli is 3 .	cannoli	neutral
Though somewhat inconspicuous to the outside passerby , this cafe is truly a gem to discover .	cafe	neutral
Great service , family oriented great food .	service	neutral
Great service , family oriented great food .	food	neutral
Waiter and waitress are really cool .	Waiter	neutral
Waiter and waitress are really cool .	waitress	neutral
Outdoor seating is pet friendly to Fido 's .	Outdoor seating	neutral
My husband took me here for my 40th birthday and everyone knew , the meal was excellent , my husband really enjoyed his seafood soup ap , and his halibut .	meal	neutral
My husband took me here for my 40th birthday and everyone knew , the meal was excellent , my husband really enjoyed his seafood soup ap , and his halibut .	seafood soup ap	neutral
My husband took me here for my 40th birthday and everyone knew , the meal was excellent , my husband really enjoyed his seafood soup ap , and his halibut .	halibut	neutral
I loved my seared tuna , and for dessert we had croissant bread pudding , Devine .	seared tuna	neutral
I loved my seared tuna , and for dessert we had croissant bread pudding , Devine .	croissant bread	neutral
I was a little hungover from the previous day and was unable to partake in their fabulous looking cocktails .	cocktails	neutral
The store is extremely good for variety and clean .	store	neutral
I like that there are older staff and i see that they are working throughout the store .	staff	neutral
We were encouraged to come in by the friendly service and coaxing from the gentleman at the door .	service	neutral
The waitress who seated us was also amazing .	waitress	neutral
However , it then took almost an hour to get our food , the chef was obviously overextended and the food was not bad but not great .	chef	neutral
However , it then took almost an hour to get our food , the chef was obviously overextended and the food was not bad but not great .	food	neutral
We ordered the Gamberoni Alla Griglia which was difficult / messy to eat and the Gnnochi Donatello which was just A - OK .	Gamberoni Alla Griglia	neutral
We ordered the Gamberoni Alla Griglia which was difficult / messy to eat and the Gnnochi Donatello which was just A - OK .	Gnnochi Donatello	neutral
This year the food and service was a huge disappointment .	food	neutral
This year the food and service was a huge disappointment .	service	neutral
The server did not know wines or have the ability to describe the menu changes , he did n't even seem interested to be there .	server	neutral
The plate presentation was not great , as in the past .	plate presentation	neutral
We support our DBG and we really want Gertrude 's to be part of that experience !	Gertrude	neutral
I just discovered this place today and I love it !	place	neutral
Also the Vienna beef hot dogs are inexpensive and delicious !	Vienna beef hot dogs	neutral
Great customer service , so very friendly .	customer service	neutral
Had chicken fajita which was a lot better than I expected !	chicken fajita	neutral
Horrible service .	service	neutral
Do n't try Otto Moser next door - does not compare .	Otto Moser	neutral
Such a fun and creative atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
I ordered the Rosemary chicken with waffles and it was so delicious .	Rosemary chicken with waffles	neutral
It makes eating out such a healthy option because most of the food on their menu is paleo and vegan friendly .	food	neutral
It makes eating out such a healthy option because most of the food on their menu is paleo and vegan friendly .	menu	neutral
Good food bad customer service .	food	neutral
Good food bad customer service .	customer service	neutral
Food is what I expect from a drive thru Mexican food place , but definitely not the best of its kind ( Los favoritos ) .	Food	neutral
Food is what I expect from a drive thru Mexican food place , but definitely not the best of its kind ( Los favoritos ) .	Mexican food	neutral
Drive thru people seem to not care about you at all .	Drive	neutral
Also the potatoes in the California carne asada burritos differ depending on what time you go there .	California	neutral
Also the potatoes in the California carne asada burritos differ depending on what time you go there .	carne asada burritos	neutral
All of their tea is bulk order .	tea	neutral
You can chat with them and pick out some amazing teas from all over the world !	teas	neutral
I only wish that you could sample the tea here .	tea	neutral
Glad to find a place that offers some decent darjeeling .	darjeeling	neutral
But the last couple of times I 've been there , the drive thru has either messed up my order or the woman that works there	drive thru	neutral
Very good meal along with very good service .	meal	neutral
Very good meal along with very good service .	service	neutral
We sat on their patio which faces Camelback Mtn . , a beautiful spot .	patio	neutral
The popover bread thing was good and innovative .	popover bread thing	neutral
Our waiter recommended both the tuna appy and the peanut butter mousse dessert .	tuna appy	neutral
Our waiter recommended both the tuna appy and the peanut butter mousse dessert .	peanut	neutral
Spent a deuce total with a $ 60 bottle of wine .	bottle of wine	neutral
Their pizza is better than any chain pizza place .	pizza	neutral
And their sushi is always fresh and good .	sushi	neutral
Friendly employees and	employees	neutral
I used to like this place because the way they cook their food is amazingly good until the portion got really smaller .	food	neutral
I used to like this place because the way they cook their food is amazingly good until the portion got really smaller .	portion	neutral
Used to be one order of fried rice is good for 3 people	fried rice	neutral
now one order is only for one person that 's how bad the portion is .	portion	neutral
I ordered red curry and chicken pad	red curry	neutral
I ordered red curry and chicken pad	chicken pad	neutral
Thai same thing the portion is really small .	portion	neutral
I was super excited to finally try this place and was INCREDIBLY disappointed .	place	neutral
The slaw was mediocre and the meat was dry and tasteless .	slaw	neutral
The slaw was mediocre and the meat was dry and tasteless .	meat	neutral
The slice of pizza was pretty good but everything else was a big waste of time .	slice of pizza	neutral
Wo n't be coming back to this place if I 'm ever in Pittsburgh again	place	neutral
Great , Simple , Friendly , Great service .	service	neutral
Everything you want in a normal restaurant where you can order ' take out ' with ease .	restaurant	neutral
I love the service .	service	neutral
The server asked me twice how i want it prepared , it was amazing and blazing .	server	neutral
Madhouse is a great place to unwind after work or get your day started .	Madhouse	neutral
I usually order the iced green tea and the Ron Jeremy to munch on .	iced green tea	neutral
I usually order the iced green tea and the Ron Jeremy to munch on .	Ron Jeremy	neutral
Tiff gets the iced passion tea ( non sweetened , because she 's already sweet enough as she states ) and the BLT .	iced passion tea	neutral
The sandwiches are amazing !	sandwiches	neutral
The crowd here is very young and hip and the owner always showcases art on the walls that you can buy .	owner	neutral
Overall I love this place , and will continue to be a regular here with Tiff .	place	neutral
Great place to see indie films .	place	neutral
Service is great and reasonably .	Service	neutral
Most pm shows are $ 9 . 00 .	pm	neutral
Management may want to work on getting staff to be friendly when locals bring their business .	staff	neutral
Ordered a large cheese and large pepperoni pizza for $ 30 , including delivery and tip .	cheese	neutral
Ordered a large cheese and large pepperoni pizza for $ 30 , including delivery and tip .	pepperoni pizza	neutral
Absolutely great pizza and delivered to Carnegie in the time they said .	pizza	neutral
I 've had their pizza twice so far and love it , the sauce has a delicious sweetness to it	pizza	neutral
I 've had their pizza twice so far and love it , the sauce has a delicious sweetness to it	sauce	neutral
The taste is awesome of the Mala noodle soup , the portion is good for that price .	Mala noodle soup	neutral
The taste is awesome of the Mala noodle soup , the portion is good for that price .	portion	neutral
The lamb one can be improved if they can , I think the topping is not enough to go with the noodle .	lamb	neutral
The lamb one can be improved if they can , I think the topping is not enough to go with the noodle .	topping	neutral
My son loved the Wonton soup , tasted fresh and home made .	Wonton soup	neutral
Had the lengua tacos , the carne asada tacos , and	lengua tacos	neutral
Had the lengua tacos , the carne asada tacos , and	carne asada tacos	neutral
the nachos - everything was super tasty and the salsas were superb .	nachos	neutral
the nachos - everything was super tasty and the salsas were superb .	salsas	neutral
Prices were very reasonable , and the place was hopping at 9:30pm , so , be prepared for a line ... but great food .	food	neutral
Small strip - mall location , but if you 're there for the food you wo n't be disappointed .	location	neutral
I 'm going to get a carne asada burrito next time - they were huge !	carne asada burrito	neutral
The food was good , service was awesome and the craft beer ( +1 ) was some of the best .	food	neutral
The food was good , service was awesome and the craft beer ( +1 ) was some of the best .	service	neutral
The food was good , service was awesome and the craft beer ( +1 ) was some of the best .	craft beer	neutral
All of their food is very basic , not fresh , most things are frozen or from a bag .	food	neutral
I prefer fresh ingredients , made from scratch everything , it just tastes better .	ingredients	neutral
Another tip for them , the silverware is the cheapest thing I 've ever held and makes me cringe !	silverware	neutral
Upgrade just a smidge on your silverware , it 'll make a difference .	silverware	neutral
I do like the concept of the VIB , this is an excellent idea ..	VIB	neutral
I just wish the food taste made me dance .	food	neutral
Worse restaurant experience ever , very bad customer service .	restaurant	neutral
Worse restaurant experience ever , very bad customer service .	customer service	neutral
My 19 months old was dancing on the music near our table , then I think a manager came to me and told me to move him to the other side so they can move around easier , although they can go a different way to deliver food etc .	manager	neutral
Even the food was n't good , it did n't feel fresh .	food	neutral
I would never go back for this bad customer service place .	customer service place	neutral
The menu is creative and absolutely delish .	menu	neutral
I love the service and ambiance as well .	service	neutral
I love the service and ambiance as well .	ambiance	neutral
I frequent for lunch and dinner and have never had a substandard meal .	meal	neutral
Both Pres Obama and I love this place but do n't let that keep you from dining here .	place	neutral
Warning : Parking lot is kinda tight .	Parking lot	neutral
Lotsa in / out traffic at this place !	place	neutral
Contrary to another reviewer , the only " hot and fresh " item that was being replenished were the BLB !	BLB	neutral
No egg tarts tho which I found kinda strange .	egg tarts	neutral
There are also a coupla small tables , but they are placed in such a way that whispers , " Pssst , this place is primarily a takeout " .	tables	neutral
I got a hotdog bun ( bun was n't too sugary	hotdog bun	neutral
+ sticky rice in a lotus leaf ( $ 3 ) , but were n't bad at all .	sticky rice in a	neutral
+ sticky rice in a lotus leaf ( $ 3 ) , but were n't bad at all .	lotus leaf	neutral
I also got a HK milk tea and it was pretty strong tea - wise , but not as fragrant .	HK milk tea	neutral
I liked the design on the cup .	cup	neutral
It was extremely loud with pots and pans banging , cooks shouting in Spanish , and the bar crowd socializing .	pots and pans	neutral
It was extremely loud with pots and pans banging , cooks shouting in Spanish , and the bar crowd socializing .	cooks	neutral
The service was too fast as we were only 1/4 finished with our salad before the served the main entree .	service	neutral
The food was delicious .	food	neutral
The meatball was great , my wife 's shrimp was good too .	meatball	neutral
The meatball was great , my wife 's shrimp was good too .	shrimp	neutral
Too bad we did n't get the mob experience or ambience .	ambience	neutral
The food was worth giving them another try , but I will call ahead and make sure we get the dining room or we wo n't go .	food	neutral
The food was worth giving them another try , but I will call ahead and make sure we get the dining room or we wo n't go .	dining	neutral
Great food!. Reasonably priced .	food!.	neutral
Service lacked just a bit , not sure if worth even mentioning because it was quite busy , but amazing food .	Service	neutral
Service lacked just a bit , not sure if worth even mentioning because it was quite busy , but amazing food .	food	neutral
Since it was the crack of dawn the place was empty however that did n't stop the great service I got .	service	neutral
Cashier was so nice !	Cashier	neutral
Ordered a breakfast burrito that was AWESOMMMMME .	breakfast burrito	neutral
I also had a Carmel iced coffee and that was great as well .	Carmel iced coffee	neutral
It 's not called Donna s any longer .	Donna	neutral
What spectacular customer service .	customer service	neutral
I love love this place !	place	neutral
It 's an ok place	place	neutral
and I guess my beef with this place is that it 's like amateur hour .	place	neutral
I get the feeling that they opened this place with no prior restaurant knowledge just that someone liked their chicken parm and were told they ought to open a restaurant .	chicken parm	neutral
but it is clear that they need some restaurateur guidance .	restaurateur	neutral
The food chicken parm was decent but my friend said that their sausage peppers tasted like it was made the day before .	food chicken parm	neutral
The food chicken parm was decent but my friend said that their sausage peppers tasted like it was made the day before .	sausage peppers	neutral
Another reviewer described the decor as being in their grandparents house .	decor	neutral
The portions of Thai Fried Rice and Pad See	Thai Fried Rice	neutral
The portions of Thai Fried Rice and Pad See	Pad See	neutral
This is our second visit at this establishment .	establishment	neutral
The staff is always friendly and welcoming !	staff	neutral
Food is good as well .	Food	neutral
Guacamole was thin and watery .	Guacamole	neutral
Carne asada fries were over $ 8 , but there were about 20 French fries in the box and the Carne was tough and bland .	Carne asada fries	neutral
Carne asada fries were over $ 8 , but there were about 20 French fries in the box and the Carne was tough and bland .	French fries	neutral
Carne asada fries were over $ 8 , but there were about 20 French fries in the box and the Carne was tough and bland .	Carne	neutral
Even the salsa was watered down .	salsa	neutral
I guess not all Roberto 's are created equal .	Roberto	neutral
I paid over $ 12 for my food and was still hungry .	food	neutral
The food was very tasty , came hot .	food	neutral
Having a nice big bottle of water to share is nice while ur waiting .	bottle of water	neutral
Desserts are limited , but , sweet .	Desserts	neutral
Which , i do not believe should be done , as when my husband was able it eat it , the salad was a soggy mess in a paper container & it was discarded .	salad	neutral
Pizza was great .	Pizza	neutral
The " Charity bread " I find is TOO much butter .	Charity bread	neutral
Not consistent with portions from one visit to the next .	portions	neutral
I guess I could go on and state how unique and great the pizza was .	pizza	neutral
Or how the salads were made with the best ingredients available .	salads	neutral
Or how the salads were made with the best ingredients available .	ingredients	neutral
Or how even the potato salad in the antipasto may be the best darn potato salad I ever tasted .	potato salad	neutral
Or how even the potato salad in the antipasto may be the best darn potato salad I ever tasted .	antipasto	neutral
Or how even the potato salad in the antipasto may be the best darn potato salad I ever tasted .	potato	neutral
I pretty much tried everything on the menu except one salad and found everything outstanding .	salad	neutral
I believe they may tend to generalize it as just pizza .	pizza	neutral
The joyous atmosphere was one of the first things I noticed and it was contagious .	joyous atmosphere	neutral
Once in the dining room nothing changed , people taking a step back , slowing down and enjoying great food and company .	dining	neutral
Once in the dining room nothing changed , people taking a step back , slowing down and enjoying great food and company .	food	neutral
That in my view is what great food is all about .	food	neutral
Producing this type of magical atmosphere in a restaurant is extremely rare and ca n't be a easy task .	atmosphere	neutral
Producing this type of magical atmosphere in a restaurant is extremely rare and ca n't be a easy task .	restaurant	neutral
As a chef I can tell you the test of true talent comes from taking a minimal amount of ingredients and making them shine .	ingredients	neutral
And without pristine ingredients it is nearly impossible to make something great if one is taking the minimalist approach .	ingredients	neutral
Chris Bianco 's pizza 's are every bit as good as Thomas Keller 's Oysters and Pearls .	pizza 's	neutral
That means that either I have a problem ( maybe ) or that this place is that good .	place	neutral
Honestly , I think the location is a bit random .	location	neutral
If you see Peet 's and some sort of workout place , you 're headed in the right direction .	Peet	neutral
I 've had the grilled pork skewers , pad see ew , green curry , basil chicken , panang beef , fried mussels , and famous spinach salad .	grilled pork skewers	neutral
I 've had the grilled pork skewers , pad see ew , green curry , basil chicken , panang beef , fried mussels , and famous spinach salad .	pad see ew	neutral
I 've had the grilled pork skewers , pad see ew , green curry , basil chicken , panang beef , fried mussels , and famous spinach salad .	green curry	neutral
I 've had the grilled pork skewers , pad see ew , green curry , basil chicken , panang beef , fried mussels , and famous spinach salad .	basil chicken	neutral
I 've had the grilled pork skewers , pad see ew , green curry , basil chicken , panang beef , fried mussels , and famous spinach salad .	panang beef	neutral
I 've had the grilled pork skewers , pad see ew , green curry , basil chicken , panang beef , fried mussels , and famous spinach salad .	fried mussels	neutral
I 've had the grilled pork skewers , pad see ew , green curry , basil chicken , panang beef , fried mussels , and famous spinach salad .	spinach salad	neutral
Overall , I really do n't have complaints about this place .	place	neutral
They manage to make the potentially - heavy fried spinach into a refreshing dish with their tart sauce .	spinach	neutral
They manage to make the potentially - heavy fried spinach into a refreshing dish with their tart sauce .	sauce	neutral
The panang beef fell flat for me ; while the flavors were similar to the green curry , the beef was tough and leathery .	panang beef	neutral
The panang beef fell flat for me ; while the flavors were similar to the green curry , the beef was tough and leathery .	beef	neutral
If I had to choose a favorite dish so far , it 'd be the grilled pork skewers ! !	grilled pork skewers	neutral
Most entrees are 11 bucks .	entrees	neutral
I find that they 're big enough portions for two meals .	portions	neutral
I 'm not crazy about McD in general , but I am a fan of any place that stays open 24/7 ( not just the drive - through , but the actual restaurant in this case ) .	drive	neutral
I 'm not crazy about McD in general , but I am a fan of any place that stays open 24/7 ( not just the drive - through , but the actual restaurant in this case ) .	restaurant	neutral
I also like old - school McD locations like this one , with the gigantic golden arches out front .	golden	neutral
Awesome pizzas .	pizzas	neutral
Get the Jumbojack or the BBQ chicken .	Jumbojack	neutral
Get the Jumbojack or the BBQ chicken .	BBQ chicken	neutral
You can taste the fresh ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
One day the hummus was awesome , the next time it was watery .	hummus	neutral
One day the chicken kabob was amazing the next it tasted a little stale .	chicken kabob	neutral
The chicken schwarma was pretty good , the dolma were good , the rice was " meh " and the israeli salad was awesome .	chicken schwarma	neutral
The chicken schwarma was pretty good , the dolma were good , the rice was " meh " and the israeli salad was awesome .	dolma	neutral
The chicken schwarma was pretty good , the dolma were good , the rice was " meh " and the israeli salad was awesome .	rice	neutral
The chicken schwarma was pretty good , the dolma were good , the rice was " meh " and the israeli salad was awesome .	israeli salad	neutral
I would go back , but it is not my goto spot for middle eastern food .	middle eastern food	neutral
30 $ Lunch Buffet is totally worthed ! ! !	Lunch Buffet	neutral
crabs , oyster , ribs , scallop , salmon , chicken , lambs , chinese and japanese good , refillable drinks .	crabs	neutral
crabs , oyster , ribs , scallop , salmon , chicken , lambs , chinese and japanese good , refillable drinks .	oyster	neutral
crabs , oyster , ribs , scallop , salmon , chicken , lambs , chinese and japanese good , refillable drinks .	ribs	neutral
crabs , oyster , ribs , scallop , salmon , chicken , lambs , chinese and japanese good , refillable drinks .	salmon	neutral
crabs , oyster , ribs , scallop , salmon , chicken , lambs , chinese and japanese good , refillable drinks .	chicken	neutral
crabs , oyster , ribs , scallop , salmon , chicken , lambs , chinese and japanese good , refillable drinks .	lambs	neutral
crabs , oyster , ribs , scallop , salmon , chicken , lambs , chinese and japanese good , refillable drinks .	drinks	neutral
The waitresses are great and friendly .	waitresses	neutral
Days later I called again & spoke with who I thought was the manager , who stated the cake maker would not be in for a few more days .	manager	neutral
Drinks are priced appropriately and you ca n't beat the atmosphere .	Drinks	neutral
Drinks are priced appropriately and you ca n't beat the atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
The front part of the bar is more relaxed and quiet but has board games available to keep the fun going .	bar	neutral
The back tends to be louder because of the darts , skee ball , shuffleboard , and foosball but is equally as fun .	darts	neutral
The back tends to be louder because of the darts , skee ball , shuffleboard , and foosball but is equally as fun .	skee ball	neutral
The back tends to be louder because of the darts , skee ball , shuffleboard , and foosball but is equally as fun .	shuffleboard	neutral
The back tends to be louder because of the darts , skee ball , shuffleboard , and foosball but is equally as fun .	foosball	neutral
While I had to google the difference in gelato and ice cream , it did not take away from how good Amorino is .	gelato	neutral
While I had to google the difference in gelato and ice cream , it did not take away from how good Amorino is .	Amorino	neutral
It is an extremely welcoming and clean location right between Linq and Flamingo .	location	neutral
I had a coffee cone and was blown away by the impact of the flavor .	coffee cone	neutral
The gelato is placed into the cone in a beautiful flower shape .	gelato	neutral
I ordered the spicy chili tonkatsu with cheese .	spicy chili	neutral
The neat thing is you can request more rice to go with your meal for free .	meal	neutral
Onto the tonkatsu , the meat was moist and the crust was crispy .	tonkatsu	neutral
Onto the tonkatsu , the meat was moist and the crust was crispy .	meat	neutral
Onto the tonkatsu , the meat was moist and the crust was crispy .	crust	neutral
The chili sauce was quite flavourful and went well with the rice , so the extra rice was much appreciated .	chili sauce	neutral
Yummy , finally spaghetti , with roast .	roast	neutral
Would never stay here again had the worst customer service at any hotel I 've ever stayed at .	customer service	neutral
Quiet atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Clean store .	store	neutral
Friendly staff .	staff	neutral
A nice place to enjoy a relaxing meal .	place	neutral
A nice place to enjoy a relaxing meal .	meal	neutral
The place is kinda of a local spot if your in the mood for Chinese food , and you do n't feel like driving out to china town .	place	neutral
I order beef and broccoli , which previous review said it was salty .	beef and broccoli	neutral
I felt that the dish did n't really have any flavor to it , plus it was n't good .	dish	neutral
We order chicken chow mien , which I really enjoyed and shared a bowel of egg drop soup , which was really good .	chicken chow mien	neutral
We order chicken chow mien , which I really enjoyed and shared a bowel of egg drop soup , which was really good .	egg drop soup	neutral
Be careful with your drink !	drink	neutral
we had a ice tea and the server / lady had pick up another person cup at the same time to take to the back .	server	neutral
we had a ice tea and the server / lady had pick up another person cup at the same time to take to the back .	lady	neutral
The owner / manager	manager	neutral
Joey , who was the brunt of most of her meanness was the kindness guy , so funny and nice .	Joey	neutral
The restaurant itself was dirty , smelled funny and had bad service .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant itself was dirty , smelled funny and had bad service .	service	neutral
The food was not that great	food	neutral
but the chef did a good job .	chef	neutral
The waitress was nice but came off as flustered and overwhelmed .	waitress	neutral
I went back in and waited my turn all the while listening to the owner run around yelling at her employees .	owner	neutral
The evening ended with me literally yelling at the owner to be nice .	owner	neutral
Unique and delicious food , and plenty of off - the - beaten - path beers and cocktails .	food	neutral
Unique and delicious food , and plenty of off - the - beaten - path beers and cocktails .	beers	neutral
Unique and delicious food , and plenty of off - the - beaten - path beers and cocktails .	cocktails	neutral
Drinks are $ 2 off and appetizers $ 3 off .	Drinks	neutral
Do n't get fooled by the fancy drink menu , it 's cheaper to order a " regular " drink , my large vodka martini was $ 5 .	drink menu	neutral
Do n't get fooled by the fancy drink menu , it 's cheaper to order a " regular " drink , my large vodka martini was $ 5 .	large	neutral
Do n't get fooled by the fancy drink menu , it 's cheaper to order a " regular " drink , my large vodka martini was $ 5 .	vodka martini	neutral
We shared the calamari , excellent , the spicy tuna roll , very good , and the potstickers , pretty good .	calamari	neutral
We shared the calamari , excellent , the spicy tuna roll , very good , and the potstickers , pretty good .	spicy tuna roll	neutral
We shared the calamari , excellent , the spicy tuna roll , very good , and the potstickers , pretty good .	potstickers	neutral
so it was very difficult to read the menu .	menu	neutral
Immediately three waiters scooped up everything and wiped off the table .	waiters	neutral
Food is good though ..	Food	neutral
4 stars for the food but sorry keeping it clean is more important .	food	neutral
The food , was actually pretty good .	food	neutral
I 've seen more lively staff at Morturaries .	staff	neutral
12 mins for the Emo waitress to come over and sadly take our drink order .	waitress	neutral
Owner had to forcibly remove some guy from the bar area , he called the cops , but did n't come by to apologize or ask if we had been helped .	Owner	neutral
Place was pretty empty .	Place	neutral
Turkey tips was excellent .	Turkey tips	neutral
Thank you for sample and great customer service Iesha .	customer service	neutral
Best pancake in the city .	pancake	neutral
They need new breakfast potatoes hashbrowns anything is better than what they serve with their omelet	breakfast	neutral
They need new breakfast potatoes hashbrowns anything is better than what they serve with their omelet	hashbrowns	neutral
They need new breakfast potatoes hashbrowns anything is better than what they serve with their omelet	omelet	neutral
but it is a good spot overall	spot	neutral
Best pizza in Toronto ! !	pizza	neutral
Love the volcano pizza nice heat and the Pie exceptional ! !	volcano pizza	neutral
Love the volcano pizza nice heat and the Pie exceptional ! !	Pie	neutral
The pasta is amazing try the clam pasta you will love it .	pasta	neutral
The pasta is amazing try the clam pasta you will love it .	clam pasta	neutral
Service is fantastic and the wine selection and desserts ca n't be beat ! !	Service	neutral
Service is fantastic and the wine selection and desserts ca n't be beat ! !	wine selection	neutral
Service is fantastic and the wine selection and desserts ca n't be beat ! !	desserts	neutral
Very friendly staff , I always get the egg roll , best egg rolls I had in vegas pho places .	staff	neutral
Very friendly staff , I always get the egg roll , best egg rolls I had in vegas pho places .	egg roll	neutral
Very friendly staff , I always get the egg roll , best egg rolls I had in vegas pho places .	egg rolls	neutral
I highly recommend this ice cream shop !	ice cream shop	neutral
Big , delicious sandwiches !	sandwiches	neutral
I had the Philly with mushrooms and grilled onions .	Philly	neutral
Clean and service was excellent !	service	neutral
So , since my appetite was back so soon over the years I really started to disliked Asia cuisine .	Asia cuisine	neutral
you know I do not like Asia food , but I said ok let 's give this place a try .	place	neutral
The overall floor plan was open the street view had open glass windows and even the booths had low backrest which I thought was awesome because you could 360 degrees	street view	neutral
The overall floor plan was open the street view had open glass windows and even the booths had low backrest which I thought was awesome because you could 360 degrees	booths	neutral
we sat at a booth all their table tops were white granite .	table	neutral
The chairs and booth benches were covered with a soft white padded cushion and there framing was painted black .	chairs	neutral
The chairs and booth benches were covered with a soft white padded cushion and there framing was painted black .	booth benches	neutral
The tables tops empty there is not cluttered with salt and pepper shakers , soy bottles or did not have l the little advertisement menus .	tables	neutral
The floor had that wood looking tile which was dark brown or even a black with a light color grout .	tile	neutral
Within five minutes you are greeted by your waitress who gives you your menu then walk off and brings you water glasses that are served in mason jars with a slice of cucumbers .	waitress	neutral
Then you get a cup of soup that has peas and cabbage which sounds weird but is very testy .	soup	neutral
So , my son ordered the yellow curry with side of white streamed rice and served with two sides 1 egg roll and 2 fried wontons all of their lunch special come with the egg roll and 2 wontons with sweet and sour to eat with your egg roll .	yellow curry	neutral
I kept it simple by ordering their sweet and sour chicken which had slice tomatoes , onion , Bell peppers , carrots , cucumbers and was topped with an amazing the sweet tangy sauce .	sweet and sour chicken	neutral
The waitress asks how hot I wanted my sauce there are 5 levels 0 - 5 with 5 being the hottest .	waitress	neutral
The waitress asks how hot I wanted my sauce there are 5 levels 0 - 5 with 5 being the hottest .	sauce	neutral
Their meals are served white glass plates .	meals	neutral
The amount of heat for the chili flavoring	chili flavoring	neutral
The service time was quick	service	neutral
48 for two lunch specials each meal $ 7 .	lunch	neutral
the sweet and sour chicken had a crunchy but soft breading hold down the chili and sweet and tangy sauce together was on point put it this way I had other Thai places in Tempe	sweet and sour chicken	neutral
the sweet and sour chicken had a crunchy but soft breading hold down the chili and sweet and tangy sauce together was on point put it this way I had other Thai places in Tempe	sweet and tangy sauce	neutral
and I think their prices are equal and even up to five dollars more and the food is not as good	food	neutral
I give this place 5 stars out of 5 stars because their food is out of this world .	place	neutral
I give this place 5 stars out of 5 stars because their food is out of this world .	food	neutral
If you get a chance and want to try or even had some delicious Thai food this	Thai food	neutral
how good this place is I have eaten there one a week for last 3 months and tried something different each time I have not find any	place	neutral
I got the build your own , tuna and salmon , half spring mix and white rice , with just about every topping possible , as for sauces	tuna	neutral
I got the build your own , tuna and salmon , half spring mix and white rice , with just about every topping possible , as for sauces	salmon	neutral
I got the build your own , tuna and salmon , half spring mix and white rice , with just about every topping possible , as for sauces	half spring mix	neutral
I got the build your own , tuna and salmon , half spring mix and white rice , with just about every topping possible , as for sauces	sauces	neutral
their house sauce made up for it !	house sauce	neutral
I loved how much sauce they actually use to mix all my fish and topping in , most places skimp on it	sauce	neutral
I loved how much sauce they actually use to mix all my fish and topping in , most places skimp on it	fish	neutral
Also , I loved that they did n't skimp on the crab salad like most places do as well	crab salad	neutral
so I was definitely happy with my portion , bang for my buck !	portion	neutral
My friend got the seared salmon bowl and they even seared it a little longer for him ( he does n't like raw fish ) and he finished the whole thing , which was definitely a surprise to me !	seared salmon bowl	neutral
Only thing I would suggest is keeping side comments to themselves , my bowl was pretty packed with deliciousness , and the cashier said something like " Wow , that 's alot of food !	bowl	neutral
Perfect bar food , Strong drinks , friendly bartender .	bar food	neutral
Perfect bar food , Strong drinks , friendly bartender .	drinks	neutral
Perfect bar food , Strong drinks , friendly bartender .	bartender	neutral
This is a quintessential dive bar atmosphere with a simple menu .	dive bar	neutral
This is a quintessential dive bar atmosphere with a simple menu .	atmosphere	neutral
This is a quintessential dive bar atmosphere with a simple menu .	menu	neutral
Try the fries with bacon and cheese .	fries with bacon and cheese	neutral
Really simple nice place to stop if you are coming through Dane .	place	neutral
This place is trying to stand out in the wrong way .	place	neutral
Your over sugared ketchup and over sugared ranch were not good .	ketchup	neutral
Your over sugared ketchup and over sugared ranch were not good .	ranch	neutral
The sangria on their speciality cocktail list was pre batched and tasted like cheap red wine on ice .	sangria	neutral
The sangria on their speciality cocktail list was pre batched and tasted like cheap red wine on ice .	cocktail list	neutral
The pineapple margarita was nothing to write home about , luckily the 2nd bartender remade it	pineapple margarita	neutral
The happy hour menu was poor ...	happy hour menu	neutral
$6 for " truffle " fries	truffle	neutral
$6 for " truffle " fries	fries	neutral
Lobster roll = not good and	Lobster roll	neutral
the sugar ranch did n't help .	sugar ranch	neutral
The burger is what my brother had and that was awful as well , I had chunks of hard ground meat in my teeth and the jam that was on it took all the flavor away from the meat .	burger	neutral
Overall our party of three all agreed that we did not like the restaurant nor the vibe .	restaurant	neutral
and I 'm being kind on this review and leaving several details out regarding service and overall vibe .	service	neutral
Village Tavern is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay better	Village Tavern	neutral
L'ambiance 辿tait un peu bruyante , mais le service 辿tait rapide et la nourriture succulente .	service	neutral
The veggie dog will run you about 40 calories fewer than the regular turkey dog .	veggie dog	neutral
The veggie dog will run you about 40 calories fewer than the regular turkey dog .	turkey	neutral
Best pizza and wings in Phoenix .	pizza	neutral
Best pizza and wings in Phoenix .	wings	neutral
As the night goes on the atmosphere changes , the younger college generation comes in .	atmosphere	neutral
The bar is jam packed , seats are typically all taken .	bar	neutral
The space is long but narrow and there really is n't much room to move from the front to the back where the restrooms are located .	space	neutral
The space is long but narrow and there really is n't much room to move from the front to the back where the restrooms are located .	restrooms	neutral
PV burger company was awesome !	PV burger company	neutral
Great food , great staff and overall a great experience .	food	neutral
Great food , great staff and overall a great experience .	staff	neutral
Been back twice and have tried the burger brulee and the vera cruz tacos which were both amazing !	burger brulee	neutral
Been back twice and have tried the burger brulee and the vera cruz tacos which were both amazing !	vera cruz tacos	neutral
This plate was piled with steaming rice , a fresh salad , juicy meat and served with a warm and fluffy naan .	rice	neutral
This plate was piled with steaming rice , a fresh salad , juicy meat and served with a warm and fluffy naan .	salad	neutral
This plate was piled with steaming rice , a fresh salad , juicy meat and served with a warm and fluffy naan .	meat	neutral
This plate was piled with steaming rice , a fresh salad , juicy meat and served with a warm and fluffy naan .	naan	neutral
( There was plenty of the Kubile topping	Kubile topping	neutral
This may have been the most expensive dinner I have had here	dinner	neutral
So , Firefly is becoming a weekend tradition with my crew .	Firefly	neutral
Tapas is a treat , literally .	Tapas	neutral
Baked Brie and/or Cheese & Meat Plate	Cheese	neutral
An awesome bar .	bar	neutral
Thankfully a bar that knows how to make a kick ass martini .	martini	neutral
Cuz when the Sangria is gone you might as well kick it up a notch .	Sangria	neutral
And it sports a pleasing trendy atmosphere at Happy Hour .	atmosphere	neutral
wall to wall SHINY HAPPY PEOPLE .	PEOPLE	neutral
Get in the line on the right that says al pastor .	al pastor	neutral
Tacos fat too .	Tacos	neutral
Fattest tacos I ever saw .	tacos	neutral
You try to pick one up and keep everything inside the tortillas	tortillas	neutral
There 's at least 10 % more meat than the tortillas can handle .	tortillas	neutral
That 's good , too , because the meat is screamingly delicious .	meat	neutral
but I 'll get the al pastor every time .	al pastor	neutral
In addition to a variety of canned sodas , they also have a self serve Coca Cola dispenser .	canned sodas	neutral
In addition to a variety of canned sodas , they also have a self serve Coca Cola dispenser .	Coca	neutral
All the employees are super friendly , happy , and amazingly fast at what they 're doing .	employees	neutral
love that they have salmon collar too !	salmon collar	neutral
maybe some of the grilled specials , and oh yeah , pork belly , YUM !	grilled specials	neutral
maybe some of the grilled specials , and oh yeah , pork belly , YUM !	pork belly	neutral
Yuh remember my review of Hidden House & their $ 6 steaks ?	Hidden House	neutral
Yuh remember my review of Hidden House & their $ 6 steaks ?	steaks	neutral
Well , this ai n't no six dollar steakhouse !	steakhouse	neutral
Mastro 's food is excellent !	Mastro	neutral
Their service is excellent !	service	neutral
The staff is very attentive without being intrusive .	staff	neutral
Great brew at a very fair price .	brew	neutral
The owners are super nice people .	owners	neutral
Two scoops , slaw salad and banana pudding had me humming .	slaw	neutral
Two scoops , slaw salad and banana pudding had me humming .	banana	neutral
The scoops were of more than adequate size , enabling some to be taken with .	scoops	neutral
Two two scoop platters , delicious and under $ 20 . 00 .	two	neutral
Friendly and accommodating staff , and a clean atmosphere .	staff	neutral
Friendly and accommodating staff , and a clean atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Not that great , they only have plain & BBQ .	plain	neutral
Not that great , they only have plain & BBQ .	BBQ	neutral
I mean , come on , we need a little more than just BBQ .	BBQ	neutral
Lunch was good , but not great .	Lunch	neutral
The salad was good with cherry tomatoes and mozzarella .	salad	neutral
The pizza were mediocre .	pizza	neutral
Lastly , the sandwiches were good , but the PLT was too salty .	sandwiches	neutral
Lastly , the sandwiches were good , but the PLT was too salty .	PLT	neutral
This place is probably better for dinner .	place	neutral
The butter pecan crunch , sweet corn and peanut butter were awesome .	butter pecan crunch	neutral
The butter pecan crunch , sweet corn and peanut butter were awesome .	sweet corn	neutral
The butter pecan crunch , sweet corn and peanut butter were awesome .	peanut butter	neutral
I was very impressed by the decor and ambiance .	decor	neutral
I was very impressed by the decor and ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
The space is small but inviting .	space	neutral
The bar is cozy and a good option if you are reservationless .	bar	neutral
We ordered the chowder , soft shell crab and octopus & chorizo jam .	soft	neutral
Everything was delicious but the octo was like heaven in my mouth	octo	neutral
The fish is served whole and deboned at the table .	fish	neutral
The Grouper itself was very simply seasoned and even tasted a little bland compared to to our previous dishes	Grouper	neutral
the cocktails are all $ 10 and they are super yummy .	cocktails	neutral
I would definetely come back to try the ceviche and octo pasta .	ceviche	neutral
I would definetely come back to try the ceviche and octo pasta .	octo pasta	neutral
Just steps away from the escalators up , an open entry for an outdoor dining and an accommodating bar and dining area awaits a booth of four .	outdoor dining	neutral
Just steps away from the escalators up , an open entry for an outdoor dining and an accommodating bar and dining area awaits a booth of four .	bar	neutral
Just steps away from the escalators up , an open entry for an outdoor dining and an accommodating bar and dining area awaits a booth of four .	dining area	neutral
The booths felt like a table for 8 or a table for 4 big guys !	booths	neutral
We began with a mini sampler of the prosciutto , cheese , and truffle oil on a crostini .	prosciutto , cheese	neutral
It was so good that we went with the Parma sampler for about $ 30 with 3 meats of prosciutto , salami and Hot Coppa that had a kick to it .	Parma sampler	neutral
It was so good that we went with the Parma sampler for about $ 30 with 3 meats of prosciutto , salami and Hot Coppa that had a kick to it .	prosciutto	neutral
It was so good that we went with the Parma sampler for about $ 30 with 3 meats of prosciutto , salami and Hot Coppa that had a kick to it .	salami	neutral
It was so good that we went with the Parma sampler for about $ 30 with 3 meats of prosciutto , salami and Hot Coppa that had a kick to it .	Hot Coppa	neutral
The rest of the platter came with goat cheese , fontina cheese and grana padana cheese , spiced figs , roasted red peppers , braised escarole , and rosemary mustard with more crostini .	grana padana	neutral
Already getting full I managed to finish the 5 of the 10 ounce filet mignon with fingerling potatoes and asparagus for about $ 30 .	filet mignon with	neutral
The evenings dinner was delicious and filling but did n't have room for their bread pudding - which should be a yummy on my list !	bread pudding	neutral
I do n't have anything to say about the restaurant section .	restaurant section	neutral
A bright , clean store with great selection and ample staff .	store	neutral
A bright , clean store with great selection and ample staff .	staff	neutral
From the outside , the store looks about half the size .	store	neutral
They have a large selection of fresh meat , prepared food and baked goods .	meat	neutral
They have a large selection of fresh meat , prepared food and baked goods .	baked goods	neutral
Some items are a little more expensive than grocery store meat , but the quality is excellent .	items	neutral
Service was great .	Service	neutral
The chicken was burnt had French fries with brown gravy that had no taste sweet raspberry tea that you could n't tell was raspberry	chicken	neutral
They were the only part of the meal I did n't care for , and did n't even end up needing since they eventually brought out their fresh and flavored tortillas that they pair with flavored butter .	tortillas	neutral
The tortillas of the night were black bean flavored and were paired with chipotle butter , both of which tasted amazing !	tortillas	neutral
I ordered enchiladas which were good , but nothing too special .	enchiladas	neutral
The food was overall average	food	neutral
but I 'd probably come back solely for the cool night - time environment .	night	neutral
but I 'd probably come back solely for the cool night - time environment .	environment	neutral
Food was mediocre .	Food	neutral
Service was horrible .	Service	neutral
Waitress stood next to our table and waited for us to tip .	Waitress	neutral
I was very surprised to find authentic Italian tastes in Old Montreal !	Italian	neutral
Their mushroom risotto was very delicious and and recommended .	mushroom risotto	neutral
Our waitress was very friendly and helpful when we were making our dinner decisions .	waitress	neutral
when I crave authentic Italian !	Italian	neutral
Your standard bar that has beer , sports on the tv and smokey atmosphere ( despite being non smoking ) .	bar	neutral
Your standard bar that has beer , sports on the tv and smokey atmosphere ( despite being non smoking ) .	beer	neutral
Your standard bar that has beer , sports on the tv and smokey atmosphere ( despite being non smoking ) .	atmosphere	neutral
Did n't try the food , so I have no feedback there .	food	neutral
the bartender was n't overly friendly .	bartender	neutral
The ambiance is dimly lit and swanky .	ambiance	neutral
We started with chips , salsa and guacamole .	salsa	neutral
Both The salsa and guac were great .	salsa	neutral
Both The salsa and guac were great .	guac	neutral
We ordered the arrachera which came with a bean pur辿e .	arrachera	neutral
Service was on point the entire time .	Service	neutral
Great food and service !	food	neutral
Great food and service !	service	neutral
The tiger prawn salad is one of the best I 've had in a while , and the coconut mousse dessert was excellent !	tiger prawn salad	neutral
The tiger prawn salad is one of the best I 've had in a while , and the coconut mousse dessert was excellent !	coconut mousse dessert	neutral
Amazing cocktails .	cocktails	neutral
Best Sidecar	Sidecar	neutral
The menu items were interesting but I definitely enjoyed the drinks and atmosphere more than the food .	menu items	neutral
The menu items were interesting but I definitely enjoyed the drinks and atmosphere more than the food .	drinks	neutral
The menu items were interesting but I definitely enjoyed the drinks and atmosphere more than the food .	atmosphere	neutral
The menu items were interesting but I definitely enjoyed the drinks and atmosphere more than the food .	food	neutral
I really , really miss the Jambalaya that used to be on the menu .	Jambalaya	neutral
This visit we had 4 cocktails , the pipe bombs as an appetizer , and entrees of crabcakes and fish / chips .	pipe	neutral
Girlfriend and i always had a great meal anda great time .	meal	neutral
Lived the 24 oz prime rib .	prime rib	neutral
service was fantastic .	service	neutral
Shannon was personable , helpful , knowledgeable and did anything but rush us .	Shannon	neutral
food was good , my steak dish was delicious ... best skirt steak I 've ever had .	food	neutral
food was good , my steak dish was delicious ... best skirt steak I 've ever had .	steak dish	neutral
food was good , my steak dish was delicious ... best skirt steak I 've ever had .	skirt steak	neutral
the pasta dishes were great , but this place really came down to the service .	pasta dishes	neutral
the pasta dishes were great , but this place really came down to the service .	service	neutral
I have ordered delivery from here a few times now and it has been delicious each time .	delivery	neutral
Noodle dishes are phenomenal , the pineapple fried rice is awesome , and really I have n't had anything that I do n't like !	Noodle dishes	neutral
Noodle dishes are phenomenal , the pineapple fried rice is awesome , and really I have n't had anything that I do n't like !	pineapple fried rice	neutral
Delivery times are usually an hour plus around dinner so keep that in mind .	Delivery	neutral
The only negative thing that I have to say is that the mango sticky is not nearly as good as Plumeria Thai on the west side or a couple of other places that I 've been .	mango sticky	neutral
My family loves this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
We all have varied tastes and enjoy exploring the entire menu .	menu	neutral
My favorite is eggplant and shrimp with schezuan sauce .	eggplant and shrimp with schezuan sauce	neutral
The staff is friendly and efficient , much better than the current restaurant trend of smothering attention .	staff	neutral
Coffee station was a bit dirty , but it was also a busy spot and a lot of people were getting coffee .	Coffee station	neutral
Service was great and the place was busy and bustling .	Service	neutral
I 'll definitely have to check this place out again during a regular night .	place	neutral
The meal and service were both excellent .	meal	neutral
The meal and service were both excellent .	service	neutral
The Three Eggs , Bacon Egg and Cheese Crepes , and the Ham Egg and Cheese Crepes .	Three Eggs , Bacon Egg and Cheese Crepes	neutral
The Three Eggs , Bacon Egg and Cheese Crepes , and the Ham Egg and Cheese Crepes .	Ham Egg and Cheese Crepes	neutral
The bacon was probably our favorite-	bacon	neutral
Coffee was good as well .	Coffee	neutral
Their penne pasta is cooked just the way I like it .	penne pasta	neutral
We also got the bianca pizza which was really great .	bianca pizza	neutral
It 's thin crust and you can taste each and every ingredient ( prosciutto , arugula , etc ) .	prosciutto	neutral
It 's thin crust and you can taste each and every ingredient ( prosciutto , arugula , etc ) .	arugula	neutral
The spaghetti and meatballs was n't my fave	spaghetti and meatballs	neutral
but my friends really liked the meatballs .	meatballs	neutral
Good noodles , challenging parking , but worth the effort .	noodles	neutral
The server was friendly and helpful .	server	neutral
Willing to help with different cuisine choices than the family is used to .	cuisine	neutral
The menu is not extensive , but might be a little confusing for someone who has not had Thai food before .	menu	neutral
The menu is not extensive , but might be a little confusing for someone who has not had Thai food before .	Thai	neutral
Some of the ratings do not do this place justice .	place	neutral
This is a great place to enjoy Pad Thai and See Yew .	Pad Thai	neutral
This is a great place to enjoy Pad Thai and See Yew .	See Yew	neutral
The Pad Thai has hints of sweat , great freshness from the bean sprouts and lime juice , and well cooked noodles .	Pad Thai	neutral
The Pad Thai has hints of sweat , great freshness from the bean sprouts and lime juice , and well cooked noodles .	bean sprouts and lime juice	neutral
The Pad Thai has hints of sweat , great freshness from the bean sprouts and lime juice , and well cooked noodles .	noodles	neutral
The sweet and some spice really is a nice balance .	sweet and	neutral
The See Yew is a great mixture of vegetables and noodles , with the broccoli holding in burst of flavorful sauce .	See Yew	neutral
The See Yew is a great mixture of vegetables and noodles , with the broccoli holding in burst of flavorful sauce .	broccoli	neutral
The See Yew is a great mixture of vegetables and noodles , with the broccoli holding in burst of flavorful sauce .	sauce	neutral
The pulled pork bun was not spectacular .	pulled pork bun	neutral
They had an extensive drink list too .	drink list	neutral
Food is good had the guacamole and chips and beef street tacos and have no complaints .	Food	neutral
Food is good had the guacamole and chips and beef street tacos and have no complaints .	guacamole and chips	neutral
Food is good had the guacamole and chips and beef street tacos and have no complaints .	beef street tacos	neutral
The tacos were really good and would definitely get them .	tacos	neutral
again my girl had the bbq pork fried rice and said it was really good as well .	bbq pork fried rice	neutral
Going to make this a spot we come to whenever in the strip and need a quick meal service was good and foodnl came out quickly .	service	neutral
Going to make this a spot we come to whenever in the strip and need a quick meal service was good and foodnl came out quickly .	foodnl	neutral
They act like the subs are for free or something !	subs	neutral
These ladies pretend to be friendly , but quickly get attitude if you do n't understand them .	ladies	neutral
My partner and I decided to give Benji 's another chance since we got a free dinner coupon in the mail ( on our first visit , we were not impressed with the food ) .	Benji	neutral
At any price , this place is not worth the time to visit .	place	neutral
I ordered the Shrimp and Sausage Pasta .	Shrimp and Sausage Pasta	neutral
Other than the bits of sausage , it had absolutely NO taste .	sausage	neutral
Everything was cooked well enough and the presentation was good , but there was no flavor at all .	presentation	neutral
Nothing was going to save this bland dish .	dish	neutral
The chicken was a little over cooked and was too salty .	chicken	neutral
The mac and cheese and asparagus had NO flavor .	mac and cheese	neutral
The mac and cheese and asparagus had NO flavor .	asparagus	neutral
As this appetizer generally does not have too much flavor anyway , they mastered it .	appetizer	neutral
Although Benji 's is conveniently located for us ( we live in Highland Creek ) and although the atmosphere is upbeat and inviting , there is no way we will ever visit this place again .	Benji	neutral
Although Benji 's is conveniently located for us ( we live in Highland Creek ) and although the atmosphere is upbeat and inviting , there is no way we will ever visit this place again .	atmosphere	neutral
They could offer me free meals for life	meals	neutral
nothing amazing but the frozen yogurt tastes like quality ingredients .	frozen yogurt	neutral
my yogurt more tart than the average person so it was lacking in that .	yogurt	neutral
the poor staff must always be cleaning the toppings area !	staff	neutral
but they have a great variety and the fruit is very sweet .	fruit	neutral
Been to the ' original ' , Central and Scottsdale Postinos ' and they are consistence especially in the wines to discover .	Postinos	neutral
The consistent and responsible aspect I am told is due to one man -"Brent ' the beverage director and partner .	beverage	neutral
The Mendoza tasting ( Argentine wines ) was palate expanding !	Mendoza tasting ( Argentine wines	neutral
We shared the appetizers family style - Cesar salad with yummy polenta croutons , calamari fritti and scrumptioius Grandma 's meatballs .	polenta croutons	neutral
We shared the appetizers family style - Cesar salad with yummy polenta croutons , calamari fritti and scrumptioius Grandma 's meatballs .	calamari fritti	neutral
We shared the appetizers family style - Cesar salad with yummy polenta croutons , calamari fritti and scrumptioius Grandma 's meatballs .	meatballs	neutral
Classic cheese pizza	cheese pizza	neutral
For dessert , we had the butterscotch creme brulee with vanilla mascarpone cream , pecan nib shortbread and the apple pie with caramel cinnamon apples , oatmeal & raisin crubmle and vanilla ice cream .	butterscotch creme brulee with	neutral
For dessert , we had the butterscotch creme brulee with vanilla mascarpone cream , pecan nib shortbread and the apple pie with caramel cinnamon apples , oatmeal & raisin crubmle and vanilla ice cream .	pecan nib shortbread	neutral
Overall it was delicious authentic Italian food , fresh pasta and flavorful meatballs , chicken and seafood .	Italian food	neutral
Overall it was delicious authentic Italian food , fresh pasta and flavorful meatballs , chicken and seafood .	pasta	neutral
Overall it was delicious authentic Italian food , fresh pasta and flavorful meatballs , chicken and seafood .	meatballs	neutral
Overall it was delicious authentic Italian food , fresh pasta and flavorful meatballs , chicken and seafood .	chicken	neutral
Overall it was delicious authentic Italian food , fresh pasta and flavorful meatballs , chicken and seafood .	seafood	neutral
The service was excellent .	service	neutral
Food is okay , but service seemed really off on Black Friday .	Food	neutral
Food is okay , but service seemed really off on Black Friday .	service	neutral
Glasses and silverware were dirty and sticky , even after attempts to replace them .	Glasses	neutral
Glasses and silverware were dirty and sticky , even after attempts to replace them .	silverware	neutral
Owner came by and completely ignored comments did n't bother to say sorry about any of it .	Owner	neutral
Related requests to turn on the heater outside fell on deaf ears .	heater	neutral
Wine came in a hot hot carafe .	Wine	neutral
Just really disappointing on the service front .	service	neutral
so we decided to try this place .	place	neutral
The food was very good !	food	neutral
The pizza and wings were very fresh and rich in sauce .	pizza	neutral
The pizza and wings were very fresh and rich in sauce .	wings	neutral
I recommend this place .	place	neutral
The flavors , the freshness and the atmosphere make this place a must .	atmosphere	neutral
The flavors , the freshness and the atmosphere make this place a must .	place	neutral
Do nt expect to get any sushis there ... anything but sushis .	sushis	neutral
You still get delicious japanese dishes cook right for you to enjoy .	japanese dishes	neutral
Everything on the menu is delicious .	menu	neutral
Make sure you give clear instruction to the waiter .	waiter	neutral
but the service is still impeccable there .	service	neutral
Fourth Ward Bread Company off Graham Street in # CLT is a welcome addition to the neighborhood but a LONG time coming .	Fourth Ward	neutral
Fourth Ward Bread Company off Graham Street in # CLT is a welcome addition to the neighborhood but a LONG time coming .	Bread Company	neutral
The space is large with lots of places to eat or lounge .	space	neutral
Kathleen says their standout offering is the pain du chocolat	pain du chocolat	neutral
but I would argue it 's actually the egg and cheese croissant where as Tae - Sun mentioned , they bake the egg with seasoning and fresh chives right into the croissant with pure deliciousness and provides a really filling crunch .	egg and cheese	neutral
For sweets , I 'd vote any of their bread puddings .	bread	neutral
This is almost like a french toast bake but with absolutely delicious flavoring .	flavoring	neutral
Their brownies , which far outshine their GIANT blondie brownies or cookies .	brownies	neutral
Their brownies are like fudge and definitely my favorite plain chocolate brownie in town .	brownies	neutral
Their roast beef sandwich is HUGE and pretty good , though there 's au jus on	roast beef sandwich	neutral
so sometimes the bread can be soggy .	bread	neutral
and it has decent seasoning	seasoning	neutral
They offer 1 other sandwich and a bunch of pizza breads which I have n't tried .	pizza breads	neutral
This town has a huge shortage of really good sandwiches ( 2 places I can think of ) , so I think they should totally expand their sandwich menu and their lunches would take off in a major way .	sandwiches	neutral
This town has a huge shortage of really good sandwiches ( 2 places I can think of ) , so I think they should totally expand their sandwich menu and their lunches would take off in a major way .	sandwich	neutral
This town has a huge shortage of really good sandwiches ( 2 places I can think of ) , so I think they should totally expand their sandwich menu and their lunches would take off in a major way .	lunches	neutral
Their coffee is pretty good , but I agree with Shalu-	coffee	neutral
Not only did their upfit take forever , they teased us with signage for I swear a year until they opened .	upfit	neutral
They do n't have to be open 24 hours like Amelie 's , but 7 am -9 pm would be ideal especially since they have beer / wine .	beer	neutral
I have faith they 'll get more experienced and expand their menu	menu	neutral
We get there and the outside seating is maybe 60 % full .	outside seating	neutral
I had their chicken katsu bento box and their crunchy roll	chicken	neutral
I had their chicken katsu bento box and their crunchy roll	crunchy roll	neutral
Their gyoza that came with the chicken katsu was the best I 've had !	gyoza	neutral
Their gyoza that came with the chicken katsu was the best I 've had !	chicken katsu	neutral
My favorite pizza place in Scottsdale !	pizza place	neutral
Friendly staff , quick service and delicious food	staff	neutral
Friendly staff , quick service and delicious food	service	neutral
Friendly staff , quick service and delicious food	food	neutral
the food was good some of the best I would say in Cleveland but after our food came to the table the chef gave us a funny look and we got severe food poisoning that night I 'll never go here again unfortunately	food	neutral
the food was good some of the best I would say in Cleveland but after our food came to the table the chef gave us a funny look and we got severe food poisoning that night I 'll never go here again unfortunately	chef	neutral
Seemed like a great place to eat and the pictures and descriptions were awesome .	place	neutral
Seemed like a great place to eat and the pictures and descriptions were awesome .	pictures	neutral
Seemed like a great place to eat and the pictures and descriptions were awesome .	descriptions	neutral
Good selection of unique beers too .	beers	neutral
Service sucked ... waited almost 10 minutes for my beer that was n't all that cold .	Service	neutral
Service sucked ... waited almost 10 minutes for my beer that was n't all that cold .	beer	neutral
I was not impressed with this 10 dollar burger that tasted like straight blue cheese ... with a hint of a1 .	burger	neutral
No flavor in the meat and taste less .	meat	neutral
For my wife to tell me that a basic bacon cheeseburger with 1000 island was not tasty and rather have a burger from in n	bacon cheeseburger with	neutral
The nutella shake was worth it	nutella shake	neutral
but I do n't think we will be going back for the food again .	food	neutral
First of all , the room is big !	room	neutral
It did have an L shaped couch , so you can squeeze a lot of people in there if you wanted to .	couch	neutral
There was a small fridge and pantry space too .	fridge	neutral
There was a small fridge and pantry space too .	pantry	neutral
We got those wristbands and walked right past the madness and into a serene aqua paradise .	aqua	neutral
There were plenty of chairs , waitresses baring drinks and a few ladies baring their goodies ... lol .	waitresses	neutral
I did like Crown a little better	Crown	neutral
, the layout is nice and the music is much better .	layout	neutral
, the layout is nice and the music is much better .	music	neutral
j'ai 辿t辿 deux fois  ce resto .	resto	neutral
m'辿tais g但t辿 avec une brochette poitrine	brochette	neutral
La salade avec de la petite sauce francaise	salade	neutral
de la soupe en	soupe	neutral
Mais la pizza 辿tait tr竪s mangeable .	pizza	neutral
Mon ami  pris une Lasagne .	Lasagne	neutral
Une immense portion qui est casi impossible de terminer tout seul .	portion	neutral
ce resto	resto	neutral
Do n't let the location with the old gas station fool you , when it comes to great taste this place is on point .	gas station	neutral
The place gets quite busy and for good reason .	place	neutral
The Thai iced tea is delicious , great tea flavour and really refreshing .	Thai iced tea	neutral
We had chicken toast which is nice with the vinegar sauce it came with .	chicken toast	neutral
Mango salad which is always refreshing with its shredded vegetables .	Mango salad	neutral
Khao soi which was not the best i had	Khao soi	neutral
The egg was kinda pointless in the dish , wish it was more like a soy egg .	egg	neutral
The roasted duck curry was really good so much flavour and would order again .	roasted duck curry	neutral
There were a few other dishes as well that were ordered .	dishes	neutral
For dessert we tried the deep fried I 've cream , and the mango sticky rice .	I 've cream	neutral
The staff at this place are very friendly and work as a team .	staff	neutral
straight first day I had the large bowl it 's was alot for a good price but the following day I had to try their pho bowl challenge I failed ....	large bowl	neutral
straight first day I had the large bowl it 's was alot for a good price but the following day I had to try their pho bowl challenge I failed ....	pho	neutral
But the best pho here at Vegas ox tail broth cooked for long hours real good I highly recommend this place	pho	neutral
But the best pho here at Vegas ox tail broth cooked for long hours real good I highly recommend this place	place	neutral
oh customer service here is so so two waiters	service	neutral
oh customer service here is so so two waiters	waiters	neutral
What was supposed to be Moroccan Chicken was more like boiled bits of white meat chicken served with white couscous on a plate that was 1/4 full .	Moroccan	neutral
Picture a beige meal with no garnish .	meal	neutral
We were suppose to have salad - it never showed up , our food was cold and completely unappetizing .	food	neutral
The best however was that when the owner was told that the guests were unhappy after the event , he denied it and refused to acknowledge that the meal was a bust and that he did not provide what had been paid for .	owner	neutral
The best however was that when the owner was told that the guests were unhappy after the event , he denied it and refused to acknowledge that the meal was a bust and that he did not provide what had been paid for .	meal	neutral
His excuse was that the chef had made a slight mistake on the chicken !	chef	neutral
His excuse was that the chef had made a slight mistake on the chicken !	chicken	neutral
I love the super contemporary and casual feel to the place .	place	neutral
The music made me feel like I was in a nightclub ( good tunes and mixes ) but it does not suit everyone in our party .	music	neutral
The served free homemade chips and salsa .	chips	neutral
The served free homemade chips and salsa .	salsa	neutral
The chips are warm , fresh , and super super crisp .	chips	neutral
The best chips I have ever had .	chips	neutral
I love the simple menu .	menu	neutral
The tortilla was just very good not just like a regular flour store brought kind , this sucka was fresh .	tortilla	neutral
The tortilla was just very good not just like a regular flour store brought kind , this sucka was fresh .	sucka	neutral
The chicken street meat was the BOMB ( slow roasted and braised with garlic clove , rosemary , and citrus juices ) .	chicken street meat	neutral
The arroz gondulas and Cuban black beans looked so good .	arroz gondulas	neutral
The arroz gondulas and Cuban black beans looked so good .	Cuban black beans	neutral
Hang in there , I love your food .	food	neutral
Great Coffee and Teas , Is a Mobile Service	Coffee	neutral
Great Coffee and Teas , Is a Mobile Service	Teas	neutral
Great Coffee and Teas , Is a Mobile Service	Service	neutral
Worst Sushi in vegas .	Sushi	neutral
I understand all - you - can - eat sushi as more rice on nigiri sushi and rolls .	nigiri sushi	neutral
I understand all - you - can - eat sushi as more rice on nigiri sushi and rolls .	rolls	neutral
The rice was absolutely huge for nigiri sushi more then	rice	neutral
The service was the worst also the waitresses there do n't check up you , not very friendly , and when i went there it was not busy and my food took 25 minutes to come out .	service	neutral
The service was the worst also the waitresses there do n't check up you , not very friendly , and when i went there it was not busy and my food took 25 minutes to come out .	waitresses	neutral
, the server was talking on the cell phone and making us wait wtf .	server	neutral
they also have all you can eat .	all you can eat	neutral
Want to waste your time and money try sin city sushi .	sin	neutral
Want to waste your time and money try sin city sushi .	sushi	neutral
Gorgeous space , amazing service , and fresh flavours !	space	neutral
Gorgeous space , amazing service , and fresh flavours !	service	neutral
Arrived at Mildred 's on a weekday for lunch a bit early ( opens at 11:45am ) and the friendly hostess took our jackets and allowed us to wait in the lounge area .	hostess	neutral
The space is beautiful - high ceilings , good space between tables , open view of the kitchen , and large windows letting in lots of natural light .	space	neutral
The space is beautiful - high ceilings , good space between tables , open view of the kitchen , and large windows letting in lots of natural light .	ceilings	neutral
The space is beautiful - high ceilings , good space between tables , open view of the kitchen , and large windows letting in lots of natural light .	view	neutral
The space is beautiful - high ceilings , good space between tables , open view of the kitchen , and large windows letting in lots of natural light .	kitchen	neutral
The space is beautiful - high ceilings , good space between tables , open view of the kitchen , and large windows letting in lots of natural light .	windows	neutral
Our server , Maia , was friendly and attentive .	server	neutral
Our server , Maia , was friendly and attentive .	Maia	neutral
Our table of 2 ordered the Huevos Monty ( $ 14 . 50 ) and Chicken / Avocado club ( $ 16 ) .	Huevos Monty	neutral
Food arrived quickly and the plates were quite impressive .	plates	neutral
Some may say the prices are a bit high ( e. g. , $ 5 for an orange juice ) but we thought the quality of the dishes were excellent !	orange juice	neutral
Some may say the prices are a bit high ( e. g. , $ 5 for an orange juice ) but we thought the quality of the dishes were excellent !	dishes	neutral
Will definitely return to try the scones at brunch .	scones	neutral
but I always get a small bean and cheese with pinto beans on white with a large supreme fries .	bean and cheese with pinto beans	neutral
but I always get a small bean and cheese with pinto beans on white with a large supreme fries .	fries	neutral
The supreme fries with beef are delicious but same thing - if the boss does n't make 'em , it 's not as full .	supreme fries with beef	neutral
I always get consistently good food and service	food	neutral
I always get consistently good food and service	service	neutral
This 5 star review is literally because of their garlic prawns .	garlic prawns	neutral
I 've tried their " northern " cuisine , and I was just not that impressed .	northern	neutral
BUT if you go there , you have to try their garlic prawns .	garlic prawns	neutral
The new location is also HUGE !	location	neutral
The decor inside is a big contrast from their old location .	decor	neutral
I just love this place !	place	neutral
Like , I 'll pick the soup , you pick the sandwich , and we 'll each pick 2 of the 4 salad toppings , and then agree on the dressing .	soup	neutral
Like , I 'll pick the soup , you pick the sandwich , and we 'll each pick 2 of the 4 salad toppings , and then agree on the dressing .	salad	neutral
The rolls no longer have too much rice .	rolls	neutral
The lunch specials are insanely well priced .	lunch specials	neutral
I only had one roll that I was n't in love with .	roll	neutral
The sushi was fresh and well made .	sushi	neutral
I sat down , looked at the menu	menu	neutral
and I knew I wanted the eggs Benedict .	eggs Benedict	neutral
When the eggs Benedict came out , I thought geez this does not look so appetizing .	eggs Benedict	neutral
This is by far the worst place I have ever gotten an eggs benedict .	eggs benedict	neutral
The eggs benedict 's hollandaise sauce was so thin and had an odd flavor .	eggs benedict	neutral
The eggs benedict 's hollandaise sauce was so thin and had an odd flavor .	hollandaise sauce	neutral
The eggs were way over cooked .	eggs	neutral
The eggs were poached hard .	eggs	neutral
The ham was deli meat ...	ham	neutral
Although their eggs Benedict was gross , I think I would go back for their pho one day ...	eggs Benedict	neutral
Although their eggs Benedict was gross , I think I would go back for their pho one day ...	pho	neutral
Service is great .	Service	neutral
Place is spotless .	Place	neutral
The owner is in there working hard .	owner	neutral
Not just tea - but also great tea !	tea	neutral
Had a fantastic grilled sandwich , lemon green tea with fresh shaved ginger , and lovely Italian mele .	grilled sandwich	neutral
Had a fantastic grilled sandwich , lemon green tea with fresh shaved ginger , and lovely Italian mele .	lemon green tea with fresh shaved ginger	neutral
Had a fantastic grilled sandwich , lemon green tea with fresh shaved ginger , and lovely Italian mele .	Italian mele	neutral
They feature both soy and almond milk in addition to dairy , have local honey and stevia , and green takeout containers .	honey	neutral
Service was prompt and extremely friendly and the space is gorgeous - open , natural wood floors , exposed brick , tons of light , and soft jazz in the background - this place is not just tea .	Service	neutral
Service was prompt and extremely friendly and the space is gorgeous - open , natural wood floors , exposed brick , tons of light , and soft jazz in the background - this place is not just tea .	space	neutral
Service was prompt and extremely friendly and the space is gorgeous - open , natural wood floors , exposed brick , tons of light , and soft jazz in the background - this place is not just tea .	brick	neutral
Great people Great Pizza ! ! ! !	Pizza	neutral
From the food quality , to the prices , to the level of service ... this is possibly my favorite business in Gilbert .	food	neutral
From the food quality , to the prices , to the level of service ... this is possibly my favorite business in Gilbert .	service	neutral
This place is Ayce and the price can not be beat !	place	neutral
Parking can be a pain .	Parking	neutral
They waiters seemed overwhelmed and my family just cooked , it 's OK though , we 're Korean .	waiters	neutral
The sides were really good .	sides	neutral
The meat was good , not the highest highest quality but $ 20 ayce ?	meat	neutral
I ordered the udon hot pot , and I got what I expected , sorta .	udon hot pot	neutral
The cakes are good	cakes	neutral
but I 'm not much of a pastry and cakes person	pastry	neutral
Maybe next time I 'll try the sushi .	sushi	neutral
Kudos to our server for ( 1 ) getting	server	neutral
all 12 orders right and ( 2 ) providing excellent service to all of us .	service	neutral
I ca n't complain about our food as we all liked our food .	food	neutral
I ca n't complain about our food as we all liked our food .	food	neutral
What a cute restaurant !	restaurant	neutral
It has lots of separate dining areas instead of one big room .	dining	neutral
They even have outdoor seating with a cute fire pit .	fire pit	neutral
They have a very large selection of drinks and menu items .	drinks	neutral
They have a very large selection of drinks and menu items .	menu items	neutral
We tried a hard cider sampler and they were all very good .	cider sampler	neutral
The rolls that they serve as you wait are warm and yeasty .	rolls	neutral
They are so smooth and buttery with a yummy cheese / herb sprinkle on top .	cheese / herb sprinkle	neutral
My husband ordered a Guiness beef stew which he enjoyed very much .	Guiness beef stew	neutral
I ordered their seafood pasta .	seafood	neutral
It is kind of pick your own as far as noodles and sauce .	noodles	neutral
It is kind of pick your own as far as noodles and sauce .	sauce	neutral
It was a good place for a quick date night .	place	neutral
Uncomfortable chairs , no wifi ( although this seems a constant abomination in Toronto ... ) , uninspired coffee , but the singular best home fries and bacon I have ever seen .	chairs	neutral
Uncomfortable chairs , no wifi ( although this seems a constant abomination in Toronto ... ) , uninspired coffee , but the singular best home fries and bacon I have ever seen .	coffee	neutral
Uncomfortable chairs , no wifi ( although this seems a constant abomination in Toronto ... ) , uninspired coffee , but the singular best home fries and bacon I have ever seen .	home fries	neutral
Uncomfortable chairs , no wifi ( although this seems a constant abomination in Toronto ... ) , uninspired coffee , but the singular best home fries and bacon I have ever seen .	bacon	neutral
Dishes are hearty & creative , always good presentation & decent brunch drinks !	Dishes	neutral
Dishes are hearty & creative , always good presentation & decent brunch drinks !	presentation	neutral
Dishes are hearty & creative , always good presentation & decent brunch drinks !	brunch drinks	neutral
I preferred the food here , same menu but better presentation and the patio area pretty nice .	food	neutral
I preferred the food here , same menu but better presentation and the patio area pretty nice .	menu	neutral
I preferred the food here , same menu but better presentation and the patio area pretty nice .	patio area	neutral
Cornbread , southern fried chicken , sweet potato fries , rice and pea ... basic food but cooked very well , always the sign of a good place in my opinion !	Cornbread	neutral
Cornbread , southern fried chicken , sweet potato fries , rice and pea ... basic food but cooked very well , always the sign of a good place in my opinion !	southern fried chicken	neutral
Cornbread , southern fried chicken , sweet potato fries , rice and pea ... basic food but cooked very well , always the sign of a good place in my opinion !	sweet potato fries	neutral
Cornbread , southern fried chicken , sweet potato fries , rice and pea ... basic food but cooked very well , always the sign of a good place in my opinion !	rice	neutral
Cornbread , southern fried chicken , sweet potato fries , rice and pea ... basic food but cooked very well , always the sign of a good place in my opinion !	pea	neutral
Anniversary dinner- Food , service , atmosphere all home runs .	Food	neutral
Anniversary dinner- Food , service , atmosphere all home runs .	service	neutral
Anniversary dinner- Food , service , atmosphere all home runs .	atmosphere	neutral
This is what a steakhouse experience is supposed to be .	steakhouse	neutral
Has been my favorite sushi place for years !	sushi	neutral
Has been my favorite sushi place for years !	place	neutral
$ all you can eat sushi !	all you can eat sushi	neutral
Friendly staff who knows us by name !	staff	neutral
I ordered a special burrito and it was ok .	special burrito	neutral
The food is way over priced .	food	neutral
Spagetti had little sauce , Penne had only diced tomatoes as a sauce and came out 1/2 cold .	Spagetti	neutral
Spagetti had little sauce , Penne had only diced tomatoes as a sauce and came out 1/2 cold .	Penne	neutral
My glass of wine had the bottom full of the residue that you find at the bottom of an old bottle .	glass	neutral
Waiter was good in his service	Waiter	neutral
Waiter was good in his service	service	neutral
Food was delicious .	Food	neutral
The busser was a buster .	busser	neutral
Phone would n't charge .	Phone	neutral
Great place for brunch or lunch .	place	neutral
I hate over - cooked omelettes .	omelettes	neutral
Her home fries were delicious : : 3 types of potatoes .	home fries	neutral
Prompt coffee refills .	coffee	neutral
Friendly owners .	owners	neutral
It 's great to have a place like this in the neighbourhood !	place	neutral
This is such a cute joint !	joint	neutral
This is a small hole in the wall restaurant in a strip mall .	restaurant	neutral
The food is delicious and fairly priced .	food	neutral
The staff was so friendly and sweet .	staff	neutral
They have fun unique menu items that put a spin on a classic burger and fries .	menu items	neutral
They have fun unique menu items that put a spin on a classic burger and fries .	burger	neutral
They have fun unique menu items that put a spin on a classic burger and fries .	fries	neutral
For example , the french fries had a delicious bbq seasoning .	french fries	neutral
The food was worth the trip and was very good .	food	neutral
The friendliest staff .	staff	neutral
Open mic Wednesday nights is always great .	Open mic	neutral
Great wine selections	wine selections	neutral
and did I say great staff ? ! !	staff	neutral
I 've had their donuts , their scones , their cookies , and their bear claw .	donuts	neutral
I 've had their donuts , their scones , their cookies , and their bear claw .	scones	neutral
I 've had their donuts , their scones , their cookies , and their bear claw .	cookies	neutral
Their bear claw is the size of my head !	bear claw	neutral
I 've never had anything from The Bakery Shoppe that was n't great , and the service is always quick .	Bakery	neutral
I 've never had anything from The Bakery Shoppe that was n't great , and the service is always quick .	service	neutral
This is by far my ( and the hubby 's ) favorite Japanese place in the Valley .	Japanese place	neutral
The sushi rolls are typical of what you would find in just about every other " sushi joint " but what sets Hiro apart in my opinion are the non - sushi menu items .	sushi rolls	neutral
The sushi rolls are typical of what you would find in just about every other " sushi joint " but what sets Hiro apart in my opinion are the non - sushi menu items .	non - sushi menu items	neutral
sushi / sashimi ask for " omakase " and the chef will whip up some off - the - menu items sure to make you smile .	chef	neutral
Oh and the staff is worth getting to know if you have some time to chat a while .	staff	neutral
The food was fantastic	food	neutral
it 's unfortunate the service was horrible .	service	neutral
The knots were great , the stuffed portobello was amazing	knots	neutral
The knots were great , the stuffed portobello was amazing	stuffed portobello	neutral
The waiter disappeare and never came back .	waiter	neutral
We heard the cooks yell at the waiter telling him if you would have picked up when it was ready ..	cooks	neutral
We heard the cooks yell at the waiter telling him if you would have picked up when it was ready ..	waiter	neutral
The pizza was so fantastic .	pizza	neutral
It 's unfortunate that the service is horrible .	service	neutral
we finished the 2 slices of pizza and still no waiter .	waiter	neutral
The pizza and the food are fantastic worth ordering for pick up but not worth eating at the restraunt .	pizza	neutral
The pizza and the food are fantastic worth ordering for pick up but not worth eating at the restraunt .	food	neutral
When I want the best BBQ that can be found in the Phoenix Metro area - I head for Joe 's ! !	BBQ	neutral
There are other places that have great reviews - but I have little patience to stand in line for hours to eat and run the risk of the " sold out " sign going up right when I get to the front door .	sign	neutral
Joe 's always has very consistent high quality BBQ ! !	BBQ	neutral
Their home made Root Beer is a treat too ! !	Root Beer	neutral
Fun old country atmosphere with tractor in the middle of the dining room .	atmosphere	neutral
Fun old country atmosphere with tractor in the middle of the dining room .	tractor	neutral
Friends , family and business - always great BBQ at Joe 's ! ! !	BBQ	neutral
Best place to eat sushi in Vaughan .	place	neutral
Best place to eat sushi in Vaughan .	sushi	neutral
Great food at great prices .	food	neutral
Our drinks were awful .	drinks	neutral
The chef / waiter could n't have been less helpful and more condescending , especially since at the time we were the only people there on a Saturday afternoon .	chef	neutral
The chef / waiter could n't have been less helpful and more condescending , especially since at the time we were the only people there on a Saturday afternoon .	waiter	neutral
The sushi was good , though I would argue that placing a chunk of jalape単o on top dominates the flavor of the sushi more than a touch of soy sauce .	sushi	neutral
The sushi was good , though I would argue that placing a chunk of jalape単o on top dominates the flavor of the sushi more than a touch of soy sauce .	sushi	neutral
And the rest of the food was good , but the chef is n't " beating Bobby Flay " anytime soon , so he could be a little less smug and a bit friendlier .	food	neutral
And the rest of the food was good , but the chef is n't " beating Bobby Flay " anytime soon , so he could be a little less smug and a bit friendlier .	chef	neutral
All in all overpriced , poor service , and mediocre food in a beautiful restaurant .	service	neutral
All in all overpriced , poor service , and mediocre food in a beautiful restaurant .	food	neutral
All in all overpriced , poor service , and mediocre food in a beautiful restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The butabara is delicious without the tara sauce ...	butabara	neutral
The butabara is delicious without the tara sauce ...	tara sauce	neutral
The tempura is good since its lightly battered ...	tempura	neutral
The nasu dengaku was good for those who like eggplant ...	nasu dengaku	neutral
Tori meshi is yums even though its small .	Tori meshi	neutral
The age mochi had a really good broth but eat it fast ...	age mochi	neutral
The age mochi had a really good broth but eat it fast ...	broth	neutral
The tsukune was ok ...	tsukune	neutral
the tsukune at Raku is better ...	tsukune	neutral
Another good dish was the ika butter ...	ika butter	neutral
The koro koro steak is something to try ... medium rare ...	koro koro steak	neutral
Finally the mini udons ... one of the best in las vegas ...	mini udons	neutral
Overall loved the dishes and the service was superb ...	dishes	neutral
Overall loved the dishes and the service was superb ...	service	neutral
It 's an ok place , just do n't expect to sleep .	place	neutral
Noisiest place I have ever stated .	place	neutral
Walls are paper thin .	Walls	neutral
It has a warm , friendly atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Perfect place to hold such gatherings , as they had a few different private areas .	place	neutral
We also had our own buffet , which worked out great for such an event .	buffet	neutral
The workers were all attentive and the food was good !	food	neutral
Great place for large parties too ! ! !	place	neutral
In its inaugural season it would be hard to call the Phoenix Festival of the Arts anything more than a dismal failure - a mere 40 artists plus some bands and organizations it was under - representative of the Valley 's diverse art scene to say the least and yet at the same time it provided me the opportunity to do something I generally avoid ; visit a selection of the city 's food trucks - a collection of approximately ten which were present when the festival opened at 10 am representing everything from lobster to pizza to hot dogs , barbeque , and pie .	food	neutral
In its inaugural season it would be hard to call the Phoenix Festival of the Arts anything more than a dismal failure - a mere 40 artists plus some bands and organizations it was under - representative of the Valley 's diverse art scene to say the least and yet at the same time it provided me the opportunity to do something I generally avoid ; visit a selection of the city 's food trucks - a collection of approximately ten which were present when the festival opened at 10 am representing everything from lobster to pizza to hot dogs , barbeque , and pie .	lobster	neutral
In its inaugural season it would be hard to call the Phoenix Festival of the Arts anything more than a dismal failure - a mere 40 artists plus some bands and organizations it was under - representative of the Valley 's diverse art scene to say the least and yet at the same time it provided me the opportunity to do something I generally avoid ; visit a selection of the city 's food trucks - a collection of approximately ten which were present when the festival opened at 10 am representing everything from lobster to pizza to hot dogs , barbeque , and pie .	pizza	neutral
In its inaugural season it would be hard to call the Phoenix Festival of the Arts anything more than a dismal failure - a mere 40 artists plus some bands and organizations it was under - representative of the Valley 's diverse art scene to say the least and yet at the same time it provided me the opportunity to do something I generally avoid ; visit a selection of the city 's food trucks - a collection of approximately ten which were present when the festival opened at 10 am representing everything from lobster to pizza to hot dogs , barbeque , and pie .	hot	neutral
Starting with the most unique , a food truck concept I certainly never saw in the Midwest and would have never expected in the desert , my first stop of the afternoon was at The Maine Lobster Lady ( http://www . mainelobsterlady .	food	neutral
Starting with the most unique , a food truck concept I certainly never saw in the Midwest and would have never expected in the desert , my first stop of the afternoon was at The Maine Lobster Lady ( http://www . mainelobsterlady .	Maine Lobster Lady	neutral
a truck described as " A Maine island girl , along with her very own lobster fishin ' partner , serving the real deal Maine Lobster from the coast of Maine to the desert southwest ! " and the menu , service , and accent all hold true to that definition in every way .	lobster fishin	neutral
a truck described as " A Maine island girl , along with her very own lobster fishin ' partner , serving the real deal Maine Lobster from the coast of Maine to the desert southwest ! " and the menu , service , and accent all hold true to that definition in every way .	menu	neutral
a truck described as " A Maine island girl , along with her very own lobster fishin ' partner , serving the real deal Maine Lobster from the coast of Maine to the desert southwest ! " and the menu , service , and accent all hold true to that definition in every way .	service	neutral
Priced substantially higher than the average food truck given the quality of the ingredients	ingredients	neutral
my selections from The Maine Lobster Lady would be two - the first her signature Maine Lobster Roll with hot buttered lobster chunks served simply on a grilled roll .	Maine Lobster	neutral
Simple , fresh , and loaded with lobster this was about as simple as it gets and although small considering the $ 17 price tag it would be hard to quibble this quality of crustacean nearly 3 , 000 miles from its point of origin as it was every bit as good as that in Boston or elsewhere	crustacean	neutral
( where , incidentally , Neptune charges a whopping $ 22 for their roll . )	roll	neutral
Tender but a bit too oily for my own personal tastes and with the shrimp far less snappy than the aforementioned lobster the aioli was a welcomed boost - a shot of flavor compensating for an otherwise disappointing dish ; next time I think I 'd go with the Whole Belly Clams or the lobster mac n ' cheese .	shrimp	neutral
Tender but a bit too oily for my own personal tastes and with the shrimp far less snappy than the aforementioned lobster the aioli was a welcomed boost - a shot of flavor compensating for an otherwise disappointing dish ; next time I think I 'd go with the Whole Belly Clams or the lobster mac n ' cheese .	aioli	neutral
Tender but a bit too oily for my own personal tastes and with the shrimp far less snappy than the aforementioned lobster the aioli was a welcomed boost - a shot of flavor compensating for an otherwise disappointing dish ; next time I think I 'd go with the Whole Belly Clams or the lobster mac n ' cheese .	dish	neutral
Tender but a bit too oily for my own personal tastes and with the shrimp far less snappy than the aforementioned lobster the aioli was a welcomed boost - a shot of flavor compensating for an otherwise disappointing dish ; next time I think I 'd go with the Whole Belly Clams or the lobster mac n ' cheese .	Belly Clams	neutral
Tender but a bit too oily for my own personal tastes and with the shrimp far less snappy than the aforementioned lobster the aioli was a welcomed boost - a shot of flavor compensating for an otherwise disappointing dish ; next time I think I 'd go with the Whole Belly Clams or the lobster mac n ' cheese .	lobster mac n ' cheese	neutral
The Maine Lobster Lady as a well conceptualized idea to fill a void , but not someplace I 'd seek out unless I really had a craving .	Maine Lobster Lady	neutral
... finally a real BBQ spot that s warm and welcoming like back home .	BBQ spot	neutral
They smoke their meats with a home made rub and its damn good .	meats	neutral
They smoke their meats with a home made rub and its damn good .	rub	neutral
Not for families , unless you want your kids staring at your waitresses ' breasts bouncing all over the place ....	waitresses	neutral
the beer and bar was good , a little expensive so they can pay for the overhead , I guess .	beer and bar	neutral
Although I am not a fan of raw fish , I really liked their non - raw fish items .	non -	neutral
They have a fairly small selection of items of their menu .	menu	neutral
I feel , they really emphasize quality in their food .	food	neutral
My friend tried the sushi and she def'n agreed that this was hands - down the best sushi place in Toronto !	sushi	neutral
My friend tried the sushi and she def'n agreed that this was hands - down the best sushi place in Toronto !	sushi place	neutral
They also have amazing drinks !	drinks	neutral
Tried their green tea mojito - really creative !	green tea mojito	neutral
The decor is also done really elegantly .	decor	neutral
I was suggested to try the Caramel Truffle with less sweetness and it was delicious !	Caramel Truffle with less	neutral
Located on Boulder Hwy & Palo Verde , this truck is living up to high standards of making this latest cool treat Vegas is getting really excited about .	truck	neutral
and I think Frost Bites truck explains it the best .	Frost	neutral
Shaved snow ( n. ) when ice cream and shaved ice fell in love , got married , and had a baby .	shaved	neutral
Green tea tasted like genuine tea , unsweetened , which many of you look for .	Green tea	neutral
The vanilla was good , a bit icy after having mouthfuls of my creamy black sesame .	vanilla	neutral
The vanilla was good , a bit icy after having mouthfuls of my creamy black sesame .	black sesame	neutral
What I learned is that many popular snow flavors are made artificially or requires powder , including one of my favorites , taro .	snow	neutral
So I really appreciate places that always try to maintain all - natural good quality ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
I love their truck .	truck	neutral
The menu here cracks me up , it has little comments on the decor , innuendos , recommendations / warnings ( there is a stoner bowl and an exit wound bowl ) .	menu	neutral
The menu here cracks me up , it has little comments on the decor , innuendos , recommendations / warnings ( there is a stoner bowl and an exit wound bowl ) .	decor	neutral
The smoked salmon sashimi is presented as a rose , their rainbow roll melts in your mouth .	smoked salmon sashimi	neutral
The smoked salmon sashimi is presented as a rose , their rainbow roll melts in your mouth .	rainbow roll	neutral
I love the spicy red curry coconut crab bisque .	spicy red curry coconut crab bisque	neutral
They have these Asian nachos , they 're crispy wantons with all the stuff you 'd expect on nachos .	Asian nachos	neutral
I drowned my sorrows from ending a ltr in these nachos , and those nachos worked .	nachos	neutral
I drowned my sorrows from ending a ltr in these nachos , and those nachos worked .	nachos	neutral
Big open space filled with tables and lots of TVs , noisy with all the sports going on .	space	neutral
As older folks , not our type of place .	place	neutral
Wings are their specialty but we chose salads for lunch .	Wings	neutral
They were good but not a generous plate .	plate	neutral
Attentive service from young lady server who addressed me mostly instead of hubby .	service	neutral
Attentive service from young lady server who addressed me mostly instead of hubby .	server	neutral
Food is very good and prices are reasonable .	Food	neutral
goes really great with the Korean BBQ flavors ) .	Korean BBQ flavors	neutral
I was a little disappointed that Chop Chae / Jap Chae was n't an option as a side also .	Chop Chae / Jap Chae	neutral
But overall I really enjoyed my meal .	meal	neutral
Firehouse subs and port of subs are my favorite sub shops ever !	Firehouse subs	neutral
Firehouse subs and port of subs are my favorite sub shops ever !	port of subs	neutral
Sujey M was the cashier .	Sujey	neutral
I m very picky about my subs	subs	neutral
Lottiera and Oshay were very friendly and quick to get my order correct and back to me .	Lottiera	neutral
Lottiera and Oshay were very friendly and quick to get my order correct and back to me .	Oshay	neutral
The sandwiches were bangin once it was right !	sandwiches	neutral
You know those restaurants that make good food and have great sevice ?	food	neutral
You know those restaurants that make good food and have great sevice ?	sevice	neutral
The building seems to be in good shape and does n't look outdated .	building	neutral
The food overall is very well cooked and nothing was a bit cold or too hot .	food	neutral
Process is smooth as well , parking somewhat relatively hard and fast at the same time .	Process	neutral
Process is smooth as well , parking somewhat relatively hard and fast at the same time .	parking	neutral
This is a great place to go if you want to throw back a couple of pints , eat great food , and be entertained .	place	neutral
We enjoyed both a Stella Artois and Guinness Blonde ... both were on tap .	Stella Artois	neutral
We enjoyed both a Stella Artois and Guinness Blonde ... both were on tap .	Guinness Blonde	neutral
The bartenders were friendly and from Ireland !	bartenders	neutral
The food , oh my , is excellent !	food	neutral
We had the pub - favorite fish - n - chips , Guinness Beef stew , and shepherd 's pie .	fish - n - chips	neutral
Good size portions ... kept me full all night long !	portions	neutral
Our server was very friendly and served us quickly , despite the fact that it 's NYE week ( so it 's crowded here on the strip ! )	server	neutral
I ordered the fish - n - chips , so I 'm going to highly recommend this entree .	fish - n - chips	neutral
The ambiance is of a traditional Irish pub .	ambiance	neutral
So , overall , I highly recommend this pub for good eats and drinks before hitting the casino floor !	pub	neutral
Best location when it comes to filibertos .	location	neutral
Best location when it comes to filibertos .	filibertos	neutral
Fast good food , my every Wednesday meal for sure !	food	neutral
Fast good food , my every Wednesday meal for sure !	meal	neutral
50 for bagged chips and what tasted like pace picante for salsa .	chips	neutral
50 for bagged chips and what tasted like pace picante for salsa .	salsa	neutral
I could n't see or taste the mole on my mole enchiladas and the service was not good either .	mole enchiladas	neutral
I could n't see or taste the mole on my mole enchiladas and the service was not good either .	service	neutral
First off , I got a 1/2 bravo and 1/2 caesar salad for the pick 2 option ...	bravo	neutral
First off , I got a 1/2 bravo and 1/2 caesar salad for the pick 2 option ...	caesar salad	neutral
First off , they do n't have ranch for the salads .. ?	salads	neutral
First off , the croutons were soooooo soggy ! ! !	croutons	neutral
Second , my PANINI was n't even grilled .	PANINI	neutral
Personally , I do n't want cold bacon on a sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
All I wanted was a nice clean healthier meal and it was n't even worth it ..	meal	neutral
so my standards for a deli are pretty high .	deli	neutral
The menu is extensive , so it is difficult to decide what to order .	menu	neutral
I settled on the corned beef hash and eggs special with an everything bagel .	corned	neutral
My order was well presented with a generous three eggs ( I ordered over easy and they were cooked perfectly ) .	eggs	neutral
The corned beef was cut up with onions and potatoes plus there was a small side of hash browns .	corned beef	neutral
The bagel was toasted but not buttered and came with cream cheese with no butter on the side .	bagel	neutral
Bottom line , the food was good and the price was right ( $ 10 special ) .	food	neutral
My husband 's burger came with fries and one side and he had coleslaw .	burger	neutral
He complained to me that the bun was falling apart but the burger was tasty .	bun	neutral
He complained to me that the bun was falling apart but the burger was tasty .	burger	neutral
The fries stood out as some of the best here in Vegas .	fries	neutral
The portions were so large we took home half the burger and my dish ( and the bagel ) .	portions	neutral
Food wise , we will come back .	Food	neutral
Service wise , we will not go there if we have limited time .	Service	neutral
The original KoMex is about 1 mile closer to home	KoMex	neutral
- Easy to get seating since it 's a larger place .	seating	neutral
- Easy to get seating since it 's a larger place .	place	neutral
- Beer is available .	Beer	neutral
- Same great food	food	neutral
For the price , KoMex is my favorite place to eat in Vegas .	KoMex	neutral
Great mint green tea and food is always on point .	mint green tea	neutral
Great mint green tea and food is always on point .	food	neutral
Do not expect exceptional customer service , service is just ok when I go .	customer service	neutral
Do not expect exceptional customer service , service is just ok when I go .	service	neutral
their restroom ... let 's just say I 'd rather hold it .	restroom	neutral
Awww - I so wanted to love this place - the idea of it is really great	place	neutral
first the price for the buffet - for what it is , is a bit high - the salad bar lacks variety although what they have looks fresh enough - the soup selection was boring , less boring and most boring - ginger water is not a soup !	buffet	neutral
first the price for the buffet - for what it is , is a bit high - the salad bar lacks variety although what they have looks fresh enough - the soup selection was boring , less boring and most boring - ginger water is not a soup !	salad bar	neutral
first the price for the buffet - for what it is , is a bit high - the salad bar lacks variety although what they have looks fresh enough - the soup selection was boring , less boring and most boring - ginger water is not a soup !	soup selection	neutral
first the price for the buffet - for what it is , is a bit high - the salad bar lacks variety although what they have looks fresh enough - the soup selection was boring , less boring and most boring - ginger water is not a soup !	ginger water	neutral
The macaroni and cheese is a dressed up watered down kraft special .	macaroni and cheese	neutral
They did have good drink choices - Jamaica , strawberry lemonade , lemonade and the regular sodas - the dessert bar was also lacking - poorly cleaned grapes Jello and sugar free chocolate whip ? ? ?	drink	neutral
They did have good drink choices - Jamaica , strawberry lemonade , lemonade and the regular sodas - the dessert bar was also lacking - poorly cleaned grapes Jello and sugar free chocolate whip ? ? ?	Jamaica	neutral
They did have good drink choices - Jamaica , strawberry lemonade , lemonade and the regular sodas - the dessert bar was also lacking - poorly cleaned grapes Jello and sugar free chocolate whip ? ? ?	strawberry lemonade	neutral
They did have good drink choices - Jamaica , strawberry lemonade , lemonade and the regular sodas - the dessert bar was also lacking - poorly cleaned grapes Jello and sugar free chocolate whip ? ? ?	lemonade	neutral
They did have good drink choices - Jamaica , strawberry lemonade , lemonade and the regular sodas - the dessert bar was also lacking - poorly cleaned grapes Jello and sugar free chocolate whip ? ? ?	regular sodas	neutral
They did have good drink choices - Jamaica , strawberry lemonade , lemonade and the regular sodas - the dessert bar was also lacking - poorly cleaned grapes Jello and sugar free chocolate whip ? ? ?	dessert	neutral
They did have good drink choices - Jamaica , strawberry lemonade , lemonade and the regular sodas - the dessert bar was also lacking - poorly cleaned grapes Jello and sugar free chocolate whip ? ? ?	grapes	neutral
Really - they do have a potato bar - which is very awkward to use but offers the basic boring toppings - such an opportunity waisted - come on sweet potato do better !	potato bar	neutral
Really - they do have a potato bar - which is very awkward to use but offers the basic boring toppings - such an opportunity waisted - come on sweet potato do better !	toppings	neutral
First off , I do n't really care about ambiance , but this place is bad - ass .	ambiance	neutral
First off , I do n't really care about ambiance , but this place is bad - ass .	place	neutral
Sushi was awesome .	Sushi	neutral
Fish was perfect .	Fish	neutral
Drinks were strong and great .	Drinks	neutral
I wish this place were cheaper but when you go " upscale sushi " , it 's going to be on the expensive tip .	sushi	neutral
Service could have been a little better , but it was acceptable	Service	neutral
Half and half breakfast is fantastic .	Half and half breakfast	neutral
We eat here twice a week and have rarely had bad service .	service	neutral
The wait even if it looks packed is not much more than 15 - 20 minutes	wait	neutral
The only room available was a smoking room that they claimed was recently renovated so it would be fine .	smoking room	neutral
The room was not acceptable as it smelled like an ash tray .	room	neutral
Great place with lively crowd and music .	place	neutral
Great place with lively crowd and music .	crowd	neutral
Great place with lively crowd and music .	music	neutral
Great ambiance and food .	ambiance	neutral
Great ambiance and food .	food	neutral
Excellent service .	service	neutral
We were sitting in one of their VIP booths last night and found evetmrythi g to be just perfect for my dads 70th birthday party .	evetmrythi	neutral
Always had good food and fun here .	food	neutral
The most fave item on menu , the GREEK FRIES .	GREEK FRIES	neutral
Seasoned thin cut fries , crumbled feta cheese , some amazing sauce drizzled on top .	fries	neutral
Seasoned thin cut fries , crumbled feta cheese , some amazing sauce drizzled on top .	feta cheese	neutral
Seasoned thin cut fries , crumbled feta cheese , some amazing sauce drizzled on top .	sauce	neutral
This is my go to spot for boba in town	boba	neutral
Great service and food is a lot more authentic Chinese compared to Noodle at Bellagio .	service	neutral
Great service and food is a lot more authentic Chinese compared to Noodle at Bellagio .	food	neutral
Some homecook style dishes here as well .	dishes	neutral
Eggplant with fish sauce is good , chicken Wantan noodle soup is great , the pork tenderloin with cilantro is good .	Eggplant with fish sauce	neutral
Eggplant with fish sauce is good , chicken Wantan noodle soup is great , the pork tenderloin with cilantro is good .	chicken Wantan noodle soup	neutral
Eggplant with fish sauce is good , chicken Wantan noodle soup is great , the pork tenderloin with cilantro is good .	pork tenderloin with cilantro	neutral
The dim sum pau with eggyolk is unbelievable tasty !	dim sum pau with eggyolk	neutral
The lobby is Really nice and the line was long to check in but we drank a beer and we were up front in no time .	lobby	neutral
The manager offered us water while we waited in line which was very nice .	manager	neutral
Then when we checked in we got upgraded rooms which was even better !	rooms	neutral
The pool was super nice , the shark tank was awesome .	pool	neutral
The pool was super nice , the shark tank was awesome .	shark tank	neutral
The slide through the tank goes by so fast you do n't see anything	slide through the tank	neutral
Casa Don Juan is a great family restaurant .	Casa Don Juan	neutral
The food is always great no matter what you order .	food	neutral
The fresh tortillas are amazing ! !	fresh tortillas	neutral
All the staff is very friendly and make you feel welcome .	staff	neutral
Especially Christian he goes out of his way to provide you with fast and friendly service .	service	neutral
Mildred 's is a beautiful , clean , wood and white space , tastefully decorated in a minimalist style .	Mildred 's	neutral
The vibe and decor is perfect for a more elegant feeling brunch .	vibe	neutral
The vibe and decor is perfect for a more elegant feeling brunch .	decor	neutral
We started off with two of their fresh in - house baked scones ( which I believe were one of each blackcurrant and buttermilk ) .	scones	neutral
It came with fresh clotted cream and jam preserves which made the tasty flaky , buttery scones all the more delicious .	jam	neutral
It came with fresh clotted cream and jam preserves which made the tasty flaky , buttery scones all the more delicious .	scones	neutral
I shared the Veda 's choice and the blueberry buttermilk pancakes .	Veda	neutral
Veda 's choice was delicious , I would go back just to have it alone .	Veda 's choice	neutral
The flaky croissant cut in perfect halves , sandwiched a perfectly poached egg amply covered with a creamy b辿arnaise sauce .	b辿arnaise sauce	neutral
It comes with a choice of rosemary bacon or smoked salmon , and I went with the rosemary bacon which was just the right amount of crispy .	rosemary bacon	neutral
The blueberry buttermilk pancakes were quite possibly the most fluffiest pancakes I 've ever had , even though they were thick .	blueberry buttermilk pancakes	neutral
The service was decent for the busy weekend brunch hour .	service	neutral
I would recommend picking up a few scones and trying the Veda 's choice if you 're ever in the Liberty Village area ( they also serve it during weekdays at lunch ) .	Veda	neutral
Beware if you are going for weekend brunch , the wait times can be a bit crazy .	wait	neutral
Pretty good pizza , pretty quick service .	pizza	neutral
Pretty good pizza , pretty quick service .	service	neutral
Significantly better than the local pizza pizza .	pizza pizza	neutral
The things I have grown to truly appreciate about Leone : covered parking , always a table available , a menu with some real food options , always functioning free WiFi and their vats of hot tea .	menu	neutral
The things I have grown to truly appreciate about Leone : covered parking , always a table available , a menu with some real food options , always functioning free WiFi and their vats of hot tea .	food	neutral
The things I have grown to truly appreciate about Leone : covered parking , always a table available , a menu with some real food options , always functioning free WiFi and their vats of hot tea .	WiFi	neutral
They have a great selection of loose leaf teas , including a white and greens , and if you 're sipping there , it is served in a tall French press , which means you get enough tea for two for a little over $ 3 .	loose leaf teas	neutral
They have a great selection of loose leaf teas , including a white and greens , and if you 're sipping there , it is served in a tall French press , which means you get enough tea for two for a little over $ 3 .	white and greens	neutral
This restaurant is so close to us , but so far away .	restaurant	neutral
We chose the sushi special , which was called Wasabi .	sushi	neutral
You could really taste that fresh dill .	dill	neutral
I always enjoy the vibe in this place .	vibe	neutral
I always enjoy the vibe in this place .	place	neutral
The energy and service are great .	energy	neutral
The energy and service are great .	service	neutral
Love the catwalk music .	catwalk music	neutral
So next time we want quality tapas food , we will go the Eatly Bird Special route , .	tapas food	neutral
The quality of the meats ( lamb , roasts , brisket ) are instant as soon as you take a bite .	meats	neutral
The quality of the meats ( lamb , roasts , brisket ) are instant as soon as you take a bite .	lamb	neutral
The quality of the meats ( lamb , roasts , brisket ) are instant as soon as you take a bite .	roasts	neutral
The quality of the meats ( lamb , roasts , brisket ) are instant as soon as you take a bite .	brisket	neutral
The desserts are a real treat too .	desserts	neutral
It took over 10 mins before I could get our server 's attention .	server	neutral
It was a great place to hang out with friends , but not impressed by the service .	place	neutral
It was a great place to hang out with friends , but not impressed by the service .	service	neutral
This place is great .	place	neutral
When I have friends in from out of town this is our go - to place .	place	neutral
The fish plates are amazing and the oysters are always fresh .	fish plates	neutral
The fish plates are amazing and the oysters are always fresh .	oysters	neutral
Beer selection is alright but not spectacular ( likely a space issue ) .	Beer selection	neutral
By far the best lunch you can get down town .	lunch	neutral
It does n't matter if your not vegan , the food is simply fantastic !	food	neutral
They only offer two types of beer which is disappointing if you do n't like breakfast type alcoholic beverages .	beer	neutral
I had French Toast Neat , which was disappointing , with a side of two scrambled eggs , which seemed like one in serving size , and it was all very overpriced .	French Toast	neutral
I had French Toast Neat , which was disappointing , with a side of two scrambled eggs , which seemed like one in serving size , and it was all very overpriced .	scrambled eggs	neutral
Perhaps I will try Postino next door for brunch next time .	Postino	neutral
Great spot to spend the night .	spot	neutral
Food is good and ambiance is great .	Food	neutral
Food is good and ambiance is great .	ambiance	neutral
Burgers sliders and tartare are my fav .	Burgers sliders	neutral
Burgers sliders and tartare are my fav .	tartare	neutral
Wonderful French food !	French food	neutral
Depth of flavor extraordinary in every dish .	dish	neutral
I love Rudy 's barbecue .	Rudy	neutral
I love Rudy 's barbecue .	barbecue	neutral
The food , that sauce they call BBQ sauce ( they should rename it cuz its way better than others I 've had ) , and especially the good prices .	food	neutral
The food , that sauce they call BBQ sauce ( they should rename it cuz its way better than others I 've had ) , and especially the good prices .	sauce	neutral
The food , that sauce they call BBQ sauce ( they should rename it cuz its way better than others I 've had ) , and especially the good prices .	BBQ sauce	neutral
5 stars is the cash register lady had a huuuuge attitude when we were ordering our meats .	cash register lady	neutral
I love Rudy 's	Rudy 's	neutral
but It 's hard to see myself coming back if i get treated poorly for ordering food	food	neutral
I enjoy my KFC from time to time but this time was different .	KFC	neutral
I will never go to this KFC again .	KFC	neutral
I do n't even think I took a bite of this foreign object in my food but for some reason it 's like I can feel it in my throat .	food	neutral
In the future I will be checking yelp a lot more before I try a new place .	place	neutral
The food here was very , very good and the service even better .	food	neutral
The food here was very , very good and the service even better .	service	neutral
Some of the best food I have had and the presentation was great .	food	neutral
Some of the best food I have had and the presentation was great .	presentation	neutral
I just do n't think any food is worth the approx .	food	neutral
Food should not cost that much money and there was so much of it	Food	neutral
Cut the price and serve less food .	food	neutral
This is one of the best restaurants I have been to in Las Vegas the food was spot on the staff was great and the atmosphere was amazing I would definitely go back here again and it feels like your on the tv show	food	neutral
This is one of the best restaurants I have been to in Las Vegas the food was spot on the staff was great and the atmosphere was amazing I would definitely go back here again and it feels like your on the tv show	staff	neutral
This is one of the best restaurants I have been to in Las Vegas the food was spot on the staff was great and the atmosphere was amazing I would definitely go back here again and it feels like your on the tv show	atmosphere	neutral
I completely stand by the Cocktails .	Cocktails	neutral
This is absolutely a place where you do n't have to run to your favorite beer as a safe choice .	place	neutral
This is absolutely a place where you do n't have to run to your favorite beer as a safe choice .	beer	neutral
I 'm still completely obsessed with the flower filled ice balls .	flower	neutral
I 'm still completely obsessed with the flower filled ice balls .	ice balls	neutral
As good as some of the cocktails are at the bars in NoDa , this little detail is a nice touch to make the drinks stand out .	cocktails	neutral
As for the food , absolutely yes to the fried chicken .	fried chicken	neutral
I also tasted the chicken tenders again and they were moist with less breading ( MUCH better than the first time I was here ) .	chicken tenders	neutral
The real winner of my visits though was the Chicken & Biscuit special during the week .	Chicken & Biscuit special	neutral
If you like chicken pot pie ( seriously , who does n't love chicken pot pie ? ! ? ! ) , you need to order this dish .	chicken	neutral
The Mac has always been a bit salty ( which is my speed ) , so you may want to order some veggies to offset the sodium intake .	Mac	neutral
Service has always been a little slow , so be prepared to come in and relax with some friends and have a casual meal .	Service	neutral
My new favorite Italian place , with Chicago Joe 's and Casa di Amore tied for a close second .	Chicago Joe 's	neutral
My new favorite Italian place , with Chicago Joe 's and Casa di Amore tied for a close second .	Casa di Amore	neutral
The in - house jazz band cranks out standards on specific nights of the week , but I 'm not sure which nights they play .	in - house	neutral
The in - house jazz band cranks out standards on specific nights of the week , but I 'm not sure which nights they play .	jazz band	neutral
Live music , great food and a friendly staff =	music	neutral
Live music , great food and a friendly staff =	food	neutral
Live music , great food and a friendly staff =	staff	neutral
Shared a fat bowl of pho with my friend , had the free egg rolls ( which was fried and had a decent amount of meat in it ) .	egg rolls	neutral
The pho itself was pretty good for a 24 hour place , they must be boiling those bones for days .	pho	neutral
This place stands up to its reviews !	place	neutral
We had the lunch buffet and everything was incredible , including the chili chicken which was unique for an Indian buffet !	lunch buffet	neutral
We had the lunch buffet and everything was incredible , including the chili chicken which was unique for an Indian buffet !	chili chicken	neutral
My favorite of course was the garlic nan and the Tiki Masala .	garlic nan	neutral
My favorite of course was the garlic nan and the Tiki Masala .	Tiki Masala	neutral
Food taste great better than o expected .	Food	neutral
Service is average .	Service	neutral
This place is hard to find an Parking any where near it is usually busy .	place	neutral
I liked the waiters , we went twice in our 4 days in Vegas .	waiters	neutral
The food is OK , not great and both times we were there	food	neutral
This place is our new " place " .	place	neutral
This place is our new " place " .	place	neutral
We get the smoked salmon when we visit .	smoked salmon	neutral
The fish is always very fresh , the presentation is beautiful and the people there are so friendly and make sure that your visit is a nice experience .	fish	neutral
The fish is always very fresh , the presentation is beautiful and the people there are so friendly and make sure that your visit is a nice experience .	presentation	neutral
The wait staff is very friendly and always eager to help .	wait staff	neutral
The owner is very nice and makes sure to be present around the restaurant in case you need anything additional .	owner	neutral
This time when we went in , we also ordered the honey chicken ... highly recommended , very good !	honey chicken	neutral
They have amazing Japanese beer and different wines to choose from as well as sake .	Japanese beer	neutral
They have amazing Japanese beer and different wines to choose from as well as sake .	wines	neutral
They have amazing Japanese beer and different wines to choose from as well as sake .	sake	neutral
I love this place !	place	neutral
The Vape Escapes team is fun , friendly , passionate and super helpful .	Vape Escapes team	neutral
I 've passed by this place umpteen times and knew that a lot of people enjoyed the " burritos " here .	burritos	neutral
Since I was in the area , I finally made my first visit today and got the beef burrito .	beef burrito	neutral
Scrolling through the other reviews , I look forward to checking out this potato burrito .	potato burrito	neutral
Definitely get your meal to go - the street corner has better atmosphere than the interior .	meal	neutral
Definitely get your meal to go - the street corner has better atmosphere than the interior .	street	neutral
Definitely get your meal to go - the street corner has better atmosphere than the interior .	atmosphere	neutral
The excellent service started from the door with the greeter and then a friendly , polite Seater escorted the group to a semi private cozy corner table .	greeter	neutral
The excellent service started from the door with the greeter and then a friendly , polite Seater escorted the group to a semi private cozy corner table .	Seater	neutral
Our waiter Doug promptly came over to greet us , bring the menus , explain the specials and answered our questions about certain dishes .	waiter	neutral
The service was top of the line great and professional .	service	neutral
Awesome Food , service and overall experience .	Food	neutral
Awesome Food , service and overall experience .	service	neutral
Although , the tea was fresh tasting and did satisfy my thirst .	tea	neutral
Snickerdoodles are usually a super yummy sugar cookie with cinnamon on top .	Snickerdoodles	neutral
They were not particularly good and the cinnamon was almost not existent .	cinnamon	neutral
I decided to see if I could n't figure out how many calories , fat & sodium my 4 little measly tasteless cookies had set me back .	cookies	neutral
That little single serving container had - - - 530 calories , 45 % of the daily allotment of saturated fat and 18 % of the daily limit for sodium !	container	neutral
I just blew about 200 calories on rather mediocre cookies .	cookies	neutral
otherwise , the QT station was clean and the employees were friendly .	QT station	neutral
otherwise , the QT station was clean and the employees were friendly .	employees	neutral
Chapati has a ton of potential , the idea of an Indian style chipotle is genius .	Chapati	neutral
Chapati has a ton of potential , the idea of an Indian style chipotle is genius .	Indian	neutral
Chapati has a ton of potential , the idea of an Indian style chipotle is genius .	chipotle	neutral
The options , flavor and food quality leave a lot to be desired .	food	neutral
The channa masala was bland as was all of the toppings that I chose for my bowl .	channa masala	neutral
The channa masala was bland as was all of the toppings that I chose for my bowl .	toppings	neutral
I would like to say I would try Chapati again in hopes of a better experience but the drive across town is not worth my time for sub par Indian food .	Chapati	neutral
I would like to say I would try Chapati again in hopes of a better experience but the drive across town is not worth my time for sub par Indian food .	Indian food	neutral
The pizza was good , but the owner was so nice	pizza	neutral
The pizza was good , but the owner was so nice	owner	neutral
and I enjoy the atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
I decided to start with the tortellini soup and a cheese pizza , added grilled chicken .	tortellini soup	neutral
I decided to start with the tortellini soup and a cheese pizza , added grilled chicken .	cheese pizza	neutral
The wine was crisp , perfect for my liking and a great price .	wine	neutral
As for the food , the soup was okay , very bland broth , I actually added salt for some flavor .	soup	neutral
As for the food , the soup was okay , very bland broth , I actually added salt for some flavor .	broth	neutral
The meat tortellini were great , the three or four I received .	meat tortellini	neutral
However , the tortellini actually reminded me of when I was a kid , and ate my Italian grandmother 's tortellini / ravioli .	tortellini	neutral
The pizza was delivered and I loved the crust , thin and definitely light .	pizza	neutral
The pizza was delivered and I loved the crust , thin and definitely light .	crust	neutral
And , the chicken was cooked too perfection and they did n't skimp on the amount .	chicken	neutral
I did appreciate the owner and waitress checking on me	owner	neutral
I did appreciate the owner and waitress checking on me	waitress	neutral
Overall great little spot for a quick pizza and glass of wine .	spot	neutral
Overall great little spot for a quick pizza and glass of wine .	pizza	neutral
This spa had so many rooms you could spend a whole day here !	spa	neutral
( tropical storm , rain forest , and fog ) - the water spouts and lights change , a dry steam room , hot steam room , another hot steam room , heated lounging chairs , fruit and lots of different teas .... awesome !	water	neutral
( tropical storm , rain forest , and fog ) - the water spouts and lights change , a dry steam room , hot steam room , another hot steam room , heated lounging chairs , fruit and lots of different teas .... awesome !	lights	neutral
( tropical storm , rain forest , and fog ) - the water spouts and lights change , a dry steam room , hot steam room , another hot steam room , heated lounging chairs , fruit and lots of different teas .... awesome !	steam room	neutral
We dined there last night and the food was a - ma - zing .	food	neutral
First , they offer their pasta dishes with a gluten free pasta option .	pasta dishes	neutral
Gluten free pastas are not that easy to find on menus .	pastas	neutral
On top of that , the pasta dish was terrific .	pasta dish	neutral
The hit of the night , however , was the Fruits de Mer au Gratin .	Fruits de Mer au Gratin	neutral
It was basically a huge plate with two smaller dishes filled with seafood in a creamy sauce , topped with melted cheese .	seafood	neutral
We topped off the great food with a bottle of chianti and two different desserts - the lava cake and the creme brulee - both very good .	desserts	neutral
We topped off the great food with a bottle of chianti and two different desserts - the lava cake and the creme brulee - both very good .	lava cake	neutral
We topped off the great food with a bottle of chianti and two different desserts - the lava cake and the creme brulee - both very good .	creme brulee	neutral
My 7-year old had the penne with marinara ( a very large portion ! )	penne with marinara	neutral
Greek Pita has better food with much better prices .	food	neutral
Ambiance is nice but food is meh .	Ambiance	neutral
Ambiance is nice but food is meh .	food	neutral
Both plates came luke warm	plates	neutral
The sauce was just ok .	sauce	neutral
Just like any Cirque du Soleil performance except amazing props and massive stage settings done on water .	props	neutral
Just like any Cirque du Soleil performance except amazing props and massive stage settings done on water .	stage settings	neutral
But I got ta hand it to the creative choreography .	choreography	neutral
For this reason , I recommend bringing a wide angle lens if you have one !	lens	neutral
We were greeted at the entrance and were immediately taken to one of the Teppanyaki tables featuring a good sized cooking area and grill in the center , ringed by a continuous customer dining table that seats 8 customers .	cooking area	neutral
We were greeted at the entrance and were immediately taken to one of the Teppanyaki tables featuring a good sized cooking area and grill in the center , ringed by a continuous customer dining table that seats 8 customers .	grill	neutral
Our chef ( unfortunately , I can not recall his name ) was fairly skilled overall .	chef	neutral
He was very entertaining ( twirling his various cooking utensils , squirting Saki ( a lot of it ! )	cooking	neutral
He was very entertaining ( twirling his various cooking utensils , squirting Saki ( a lot of it ! )	Saki	neutral
and flipping shrimp into the mouths of his guests and telling humorous jokes in his wonderful accent ) as well as expertly preparing our various selected menu ( our group had steak , shrimp , swordfish and chicken main dishes with rice and assorted vegetables . )	menu	neutral
and flipping shrimp into the mouths of his guests and telling humorous jokes in his wonderful accent ) as well as expertly preparing our various selected menu ( our group had steak , shrimp , swordfish and chicken main dishes with rice and assorted vegetables . )	steak	neutral
and flipping shrimp into the mouths of his guests and telling humorous jokes in his wonderful accent ) as well as expertly preparing our various selected menu ( our group had steak , shrimp , swordfish and chicken main dishes with rice and assorted vegetables . )	shrimp	neutral
and flipping shrimp into the mouths of his guests and telling humorous jokes in his wonderful accent ) as well as expertly preparing our various selected menu ( our group had steak , shrimp , swordfish and chicken main dishes with rice and assorted vegetables . )	chicken main dishes	neutral
and flipping shrimp into the mouths of his guests and telling humorous jokes in his wonderful accent ) as well as expertly preparing our various selected menu ( our group had steak , shrimp , swordfish and chicken main dishes with rice and assorted vegetables . )	assorted vegetables	neutral
We also enjoyed Japanese alcoholic drinks consisting of warm Saki ( wow , did n't realize how much more potent Saki is when it 's heated !	Saki	neutral
and Sapporo beer which were both very good .	Sapporo beer	neutral
Note : This is in addition to the generous amounts of Saki our chef squirted into our mouths while preparing our meals !	Saki	neutral
Note : This is in addition to the generous amounts of Saki our chef squirted into our mouths while preparing our meals !	chef	neutral
Additionally , we also ordered Gyoza & the Tempura Sampler , both were very tasty !	Gyoza	neutral
Additionally , we also ordered Gyoza & the Tempura Sampler , both were very tasty !	Tempura Sampler	neutral
The food ( steak , shrimp , swordfish , chicken , rice and vegetables ) was high in quality and tasted very good .	food	neutral
The food ( steak , shrimp , swordfish , chicken , rice and vegetables ) was high in quality and tasted very good .	steak	neutral
The food ( steak , shrimp , swordfish , chicken , rice and vegetables ) was high in quality and tasted very good .	shrimp	neutral
The food ( steak , shrimp , swordfish , chicken , rice and vegetables ) was high in quality and tasted very good .	swordfish	neutral
The food ( steak , shrimp , swordfish , chicken , rice and vegetables ) was high in quality and tasted very good .	chicken	neutral
The food ( steak , shrimp , swordfish , chicken , rice and vegetables ) was high in quality and tasted very good .	rice	neutral
The food ( steak , shrimp , swordfish , chicken , rice and vegetables ) was high in quality and tasted very good .	vegetables	neutral
We also enjoyed thin sliced mushroom broth and salad with a ginger / thousand island type of dressing .	mushroom broth	neutral
We also enjoyed thin sliced mushroom broth and salad with a ginger / thousand island type of dressing .	salad with	neutral
We also enjoyed thin sliced mushroom broth and salad with a ginger / thousand island type of dressing .	ginger / thousand island	neutral
The portions were very generous and everyone in our party took home to go boxes .	portions	neutral
Both our hostess / server and chef were very charming and friendly which made our visit very enjoyable .	hostess	neutral
Both our hostess / server and chef were very charming and friendly which made our visit very enjoyable .	server	neutral
Both our hostess / server and chef were very charming and friendly which made our visit very enjoyable .	chef	neutral
Because everyone in our party also ordered drinks ( did I mention the Saki the chef squirted into our mouths ? ! ! )	Saki	neutral
Because everyone in our party also ordered drinks ( did I mention the Saki the chef squirted into our mouths ? ! ! )	chef	neutral
Great variety of Sushi , specially all of the Mexican rolls !	Sushi	neutral
Great variety of Sushi , specially all of the Mexican rolls !	Mexican rolls	neutral
Great environment !	environment	neutral
Service was great and will definitely go back .	Service	neutral
Super moist , sugary and delicious donuts and awesome smoothies WITH boba !	donuts	neutral
Super moist , sugary and delicious donuts and awesome smoothies WITH boba !	smoothies WITH	neutral
This place has terrible staff - people who hate their jobs clearly .	staff	neutral
The food is even worse .	food	neutral
I ordered the original philly cheesesteak	philly	neutral
The meat did not taste good either .	meat	neutral
Interesting ingredients and big entrees .	ingredients	neutral
Interesting ingredients and big entrees .	entrees	neutral
Service is mediocre -	Service	neutral
no replacement of used napkins and cutlery .	cutlery	neutral
Service pros- food came fairly fast as did the bill , which came before we finished dessert , so felt rushed .	Service	neutral
Service pros- food came fairly fast as did the bill , which came before we finished dessert , so felt rushed .	food	neutral
For summerlicious the appetizers and desserts were super tiny !	appetizers	neutral
For summerlicious the appetizers and desserts were super tiny !	desserts	neutral
Luckily the mains were large .	mains	neutral
I liked my vegetarian cold soba noodles in shoyu broth , but omg	vegetarian	neutral
I liked my vegetarian cold soba noodles in shoyu broth , but omg	soba noodles	neutral
My friends loved their skinless , boneless fried chicken ( only 3 small pieces for the appetizer ) .	skinless	neutral
My friends loved their skinless , boneless fried chicken ( only 3 small pieces for the appetizer ) .	boneless	neutral
My friends loved their skinless , boneless fried chicken ( only 3 small pieces for the appetizer ) .	fried chicken	neutral
The mains were definitely impressive , especially the salmon aburi lunch tray - my friends loved the sushi !	mains	neutral
The mains were definitely impressive , especially the salmon aburi lunch tray - my friends loved the sushi !	salmon aburi lunch tray	neutral
The mains were definitely impressive , especially the salmon aburi lunch tray - my friends loved the sushi !	sushi	neutral
My vegetarian bibimbap was decent too - very unique ingredients were used , including raw kale , wakame , corn , mango , and fiddleheads for one of the 3 banchans .	vegetarian bibimbap	neutral
My vegetarian bibimbap was decent too - very unique ingredients were used , including raw kale , wakame , corn , mango , and fiddleheads for one of the 3 banchans .	raw kale	neutral
My vegetarian bibimbap was decent too - very unique ingredients were used , including raw kale , wakame , corn , mango , and fiddleheads for one of the 3 banchans .	wakame	neutral
The organic tofu stew was amazing - not that salty actually and the tofu was between silky and firm , overall just a delightful stew .	organic tofu stew	neutral
The organic tofu stew was amazing - not that salty actually and the tofu was between silky and firm , overall just a delightful stew .	tofu	neutral
I think mayonnaise may have been used on the bibimbap ( not vegan ) .	bibimbap	neutral
Desserts were disappointingly tiny .	Desserts	neutral
The only non - dairy option was the watermelon slush , which is exactly what it sounds like .	watermelon slush	neutral
They do have Korean BBQ here and a pretty extensive Japanese and Korean menu - might come back one day for their normal menu options !	Japanese and Korean menu	neutral
The food here was delicious !	food	neutral
The dessert is very overpriced !	dessert	neutral
I can get the same dessert options at Whole Foods around the corner for a quarter the price .	dessert	neutral
I was disappointed about the service .	service	neutral
We finally pulled another waiter aside and she gladly helped us .	waiter	neutral
As we walked out of the restaurant , there was our original slow waiter sitting on her phone and smoking .	waiter	neutral
Not worth the money with service like that .	service	neutral
This is a great spot for coffee ( and pizza ) .	spot	neutral
The decor is so cute inside and the baristas are always nice .	decor	neutral
The decor is so cute inside and the baristas are always nice .	baristas	neutral
Their ribs are excellent , as is the potato soup .	ribs	neutral
Their ribs are excellent , as is the potato soup .	potato soup	neutral
I also like the dark upscale atmosphere - very much like a Houston 's .	atmosphere	neutral
Top notch staff - the service here is impeccable .	staff	neutral
Top notch staff - the service here is impeccable .	service	neutral
Tried this place before the change .	place	neutral
Ordered pork and brisket	pork	neutral
.. Got a mess of finely chopped burnt ends I think .	burnt	neutral
Two meats with one side item comes off cheap and light .	meats	neutral
Two meats with one side item comes off cheap and light .	side item	neutral
but no excuse for a BBQ place serving BAD BBQ .	BBQ	neutral
My fianc辿 and I always order the octopus and saganaki appetizers .	octopus and saganaki	neutral
The octopus is grilled and has a beautiful char .	octopus	neutral
It 's the best cooked octopus preparation either of us has ever tasted !	cooked	neutral
It 's the best cooked octopus preparation either of us has ever tasted !	octopus	neutral
That saganaki is a fried cheese that comes to the table on a cast iron pan still sizzling .	saganaki	neutral
and you 've got an amazing fried cheese !	fried cheese	neutral
The soup , his dad said , was better than his mothers !	soup	neutral
The dolmades , both said , were incredibly good !	dolmades	neutral
Let me tell you , the moussaka is HUGE !	moussaka	neutral
For mine , I got the seafood pasta topped with fresh dill , cheese , and mussels .	seafood pasta	neutral
The staff was friendly , welcoming , and punctual .	staff	neutral
Our server even took the time to explain the menu to my fianc辿 's parents .	server	neutral
The decor is simple but pretty and the atmosphere makes you feel right at home .	decor	neutral
The decor is simple but pretty and the atmosphere makes you feel right at home .	atmosphere	neutral
The focal point is the amazing open kitchen !	open kitchen	neutral
It 's a small place but soooo well worth it !	place	neutral
The chef is formerly from La Maissonette in Cincinnati	chef	neutral
so you know his menu is perfect !	menu	neutral
Horrible customer service , over priced food .	customer service	neutral
Horrible customer service , over priced food .	food	neutral
99 for a bean burrito ( beans and tortilla only ) .	bean burrito	neutral
Pretty excited to see another NY Pizza place that can deliver to my house .	Pizza place	neutral
This is one of my standards in reviewing pizza .	pizza	neutral
You get your meat and veggies at the same time and they are all piled up on a nice big slice .	meat	neutral
You get your meat and veggies at the same time and they are all piled up on a nice big slice .	veggies	neutral
You get your meat and veggies at the same time and they are all piled up on a nice big slice .	slice	neutral
Coupons are a great way to get you in the zone and expedite trying out a new place .	place	neutral
The pizza definitely looked better than it tasted .	pizza	neutral
The veggies were sliced very thin and it almost seemed like they could have been prepped for sandwich toppings .	veggies	neutral
The meat toppings were also very thin and did not really pop out and say howdy .	meat toppings	neutral
Overall the food did not have much flavor and the sauce was pretty bland as well .	food	neutral
Overall the food did not have much flavor and the sauce was pretty bland as well .	sauce	neutral
Not the best pizza ever and probably not the worst either .	pizza	neutral
The host was rude , looked down his nose at us , and proceeded to seat another couple who apparently had the right look for the restaurant ( but who came in after us ) .	host	neutral
Great ice cream and yogurt .	ice cream	neutral
Great ice cream and yogurt .	yogurt	neutral
Love the hurricanes	hurricanes	neutral
Great beer and good eats with 3 separate dining areas .	beer	neutral
Great beer and good eats with 3 separate dining areas .	eats	neutral
Great beer and good eats with 3 separate dining areas .	dining areas	neutral
I especially like the tasting room .	tasting room	neutral
What 's up with the bad wrap ?	wrap	neutral
Lots of seating	seating	neutral
The food is fresh	food	neutral
Limited menu , but something For everyone , including vegetarian options .	menu	neutral
Limited menu , but something For everyone , including vegetarian options .	vegetarian	neutral
The seating around the perimeter is extremely drafty ...	seating	neutral
Good selection of cocktails and beer on tap .	cocktails	neutral
Good selection of cocktails and beer on tap .	beer	neutral
They have a Friday fish special , but other than that the menu does not change .	menu	neutral
This is the second time I have been at this place in and service and food are horrible nobody can speak English service is - 10 on horrible scale ! !	service	neutral
This is the second time I have been at this place in and service and food are horrible nobody can speak English service is - 10 on horrible scale ! !	food	neutral
This is the second time I have been at this place in and service and food are horrible nobody can speak English service is - 10 on horrible scale ! !	service	neutral
Food not always consistent but is really good when they 're on their game .	Food	neutral
Service is okay .	Service	neutral
Sometimes it take a while to get the waiter 's attention when it 's busy .	waiter	neutral
Place is a little worn down but feels like one of those hole in the walls where the food is really authentic .	Place	neutral
Place is a little worn down but feels like one of those hole in the walls where the food is really authentic .	food	neutral
I 've try to change it up once in a while but have stuck to the chicken masala dolsa .	chicken	neutral
The wife is always happy with the variety of vegetarian selection .	vegetarian selection	neutral
The naan bread is always fresh and just one piece is always enough .	naan bread	neutral
Always have come back here when I crave Indian cuisine .	Indian cuisine	neutral
Had the salmon teriyaki .	salmon teriyaki	neutral
The fish was good enough , and the sauce was okay , but	fish	neutral
The fish was good enough , and the sauce was okay , but	sauce	neutral
I was not a fan of the accompanying bean sprouts + other tasteless vegetables .	bean	neutral
I was not a fan of the accompanying bean sprouts + other tasteless vegetables .	vegetables	neutral
Solid place to hang ouct and have a drink and some grub .	place	neutral
We reviewed the beer list which was pretty good .	beer list	neutral
I had a chicken sandwich ( cajun style , ca n't recall the name ) and my buddy had a chicken salad .	chicken sandwich	neutral
The staff there was pretty good and we never had empty glasses .	staff	neutral
Overall , it was a really good place and we had a great time .	place	neutral
This is the kind of restaurant that I 've been looking for all these years in AZ .	restaurant	neutral
I always hesitate to call Mexican restaurants in the US " authentic " ( since that term has been debased by all the yokels who think Chipotle is " authentic Mexican " ) , but I 'll go ahead and put that label on this restaurant !	Mexican	neutral
I always hesitate to call Mexican restaurants in the US " authentic " ( since that term has been debased by all the yokels who think Chipotle is " authentic Mexican " ) , but I 'll go ahead and put that label on this restaurant !	Chipotle	neutral
You want a real Huarache ?	Huarache	neutral
Real Tlacoyo ?	Tlacoyo	neutral
Excellent tacos ?	tacos	neutral
Thank you Senior " El Tlacoyo !	El Tlacoyo	neutral
This place did n't make much of an effort to impress .	place	neutral
From missing components to badly executed dishes , we were disappointed .	dishes	neutral
Two of the dished had watercress and pretty much the same dressing .	dished	neutral
The chowder my husband ordered said to have a chorizo powder .	chowder	neutral
so hard Felix thought some rocks had fallen into the soup .	soup	neutral
The smoked Cornish hen was so salty ( along with the salad that came with if )	smoked Cornish hen	neutral
The smoked Cornish hen was so salty ( along with the salad that came with if )	salad	neutral
The caramelized apple with cr棚pe , mascarpone and salted caramel ( burnt ! ) was tasteless and dry .	caramelized apple with cr棚pe , mascarpone	neutral
The only good thing was really the vanilla ice cream and the stuffed baked potato on the steak dish .	vanilla ice cream	neutral
The only good thing was really the vanilla ice cream and the stuffed baked potato on the steak dish .	stuffed baked potato	neutral
The only good thing was really the vanilla ice cream and the stuffed baked potato on the steak dish .	steak dish	neutral
Service was good .	Service	neutral
Wine was well suggested .	Wine	neutral
VIPS is among my favorite non - AYCE sushi restaurants , simply because their maki deliciousness is absolutely off the charts !	VIPS	neutral
VIPS is among my favorite non - AYCE sushi restaurants , simply because their maki deliciousness is absolutely off the charts !	maki	neutral
Despite the small space we 've never had an issue , the place is mostly take out so people do n't stay in long ( but you can ) .	space	neutral
Ingredient substitutions are not a problem , I 've been there with a non - seafood eater friend who loved the food .	food	neutral
If you love to experiment with food , they have some unusual maki choices too .	maki	neutral
Food is fresh and made right in front of you .	Food	neutral
My main dish was fantastic , the pappardelle with shrimp definitely made one of my top five pasta dishes of all time .	main dish	neutral
My main dish was fantastic , the pappardelle with shrimp definitely made one of my top five pasta dishes of all time .	pappardelle with shrimp	neutral
The calamari , however was one of the worst .	calamari	neutral
Chewy , bland , lacking charisma and the marinara was salty and too tangy .	marinara	neutral
The service was lacking .	service	neutral
Our server did n't tell us her name , did n't let us know of any specials ( we had to overhear them from the server talking to the next table ) , nor did she offer or suggest any wine .	server	neutral
But with all that being said , I 'd still come back for the delicious homemade pastas .	homemade pastas	neutral
The menu gives a nice variety of burgers ( beef , chicken & veggie ) .	menu	neutral
The menu gives a nice variety of burgers ( beef , chicken & veggie ) .	beef	neutral
The menu gives a nice variety of burgers ( beef , chicken & veggie ) .	chicken	neutral
We tried the Chicken Parmesan Burger and the Black & Bleu Burger .	Chicken Parmesan Burger	neutral
We tried the Chicken Parmesan Burger and the Black & Bleu Burger .	Black & Bleu Burger	neutral
The Chicken Parm was very tasty .	Chicken Parm	neutral
The Black & Bleu Burger had a clean taste ; not greasy .	Black & Bleu Burger	neutral
The Angus was great !	Angus	neutral
The fries were hot & fresh ... very good .	fries	neutral
The service was excellent and the atmosphere was quiet and inviting .	service	neutral
The service was excellent and the atmosphere was quiet and inviting .	atmosphere	neutral
This is not your normal burger & fry combo joint .	burger & fry combo joint	neutral
The shredded beef chimichanga was awesome !	shredded beef chimichanga	neutral
I am so excited to have found this place .	place	neutral
Excellent Mexican Food and great service .	Mexican Food	neutral
Excellent Mexican Food and great service .	service	neutral
I had the fajita trio portions are really nice size too big for lunch but done well with rice , beans and all the trimmings .	fajita trio	neutral
I had the fajita trio portions are really nice size too big for lunch but done well with rice , beans and all the trimmings .	portions	neutral
I had the fajita trio portions are really nice size too big for lunch but done well with rice , beans and all the trimmings .	rice	neutral
I had the fajita trio portions are really nice size too big for lunch but done well with rice , beans and all the trimmings .	beans	neutral
I had the fajita trio portions are really nice size too big for lunch but done well with rice , beans and all the trimmings .	trimmings	neutral
We also love the chips and dip and always get queso	chips and dip	neutral
We also love the chips and dip and always get queso	queso	neutral
I wish the salsa was a little finer	salsa	neutral
it 's chunky but really great favor and unlimited chips .	chips	neutral
Great place to drop in if your in a hurry service is on top of things and food gets to the table fast and hot yum !	place	neutral
Great place to drop in if your in a hurry service is on top of things and food gets to the table fast and hot yum !	food	neutral
A fitting name as this establishment is , to say the least , great .	establishment	neutral
The waitstaff is helpful and friendly and will not judge you for ordering dino nuggets as an adult .	waitstaff	neutral
The waitstaff is helpful and friendly and will not judge you for ordering dino nuggets as an adult .	dino nuggets	neutral
The venue is outstanding .	venue	neutral
Not to mention the cuisine is impeccable .	cuisine	neutral
I once observed an angel bringing my deluxe grilled cheese down straight from heaven .	deluxe	neutral
I once observed an angel bringing my deluxe grilled cheese down straight from heaven .	grilled cheese	neutral
The beer is brewed in front of your very eyes-	beer	neutral
And may I also recommend the root beer .	root beer	neutral
This sweet nectar punches you in the face with flavor and makes A&W seem like dishwater .	A&W	neutral
I would give my big toe for a taste of that holy drink right now .	drink	neutral
Over the summer , a couple of friends and I ( we refer to ourselves as the brunch crew ) had a hungover brunch out on the patio and it was absolutely amazing .	patio	neutral
The bottomless mimosa deal is actually a really good one , as long as you have 2 + mimosas ... which how could you know try all 3 of the flavors ?	bottomless mimosa deal	neutral
The bottomless mimosa deal is actually a really good one , as long as you have 2 + mimosas ... which how could you know try all 3 of the flavors ?	mimosas	neutral
they're all amazing , but the strawberry was fantastic and the ginger pomegranate is fantastic if you swirl that fresh ginger around and do n't let it settle to the bottom of your drink .	strawberry	neutral
they're all amazing , but the strawberry was fantastic and the ginger pomegranate is fantastic if you swirl that fresh ginger around and do n't let it settle to the bottom of your drink .	ginger pomegranate	neutral
The second time the brunch crew came for some fun , we had guacamole ( inhaled immediately )	guacamole	neutral
and I went for a bloody mary -- also very delicious !	bloody mary	neutral
The best food item I 've had from the brunch menu , though , was the pupusa .	pupusa	neutral
Brunch and happy hour are more than enough !	happy hour	neutral
I love the design of the menu and how it 's sorted into the four different categories .	menu	neutral
Our server was great and very knowledgeable of the menu .	server	neutral
I will definitely be coming back here for some more yummy Kombucha cocktails as well	Kombucha cocktails	neutral
After a visit to Batch , that is !	Batch	neutral
First we had croissants , his ham n cheddar , mine a Gruyere ...... both amazing !	ham n cheddar	neutral
Then we split a morning bun that was sinful ! !	morning bun	neutral
And after dinner , a chocolate coconut tart that was outstanding !	chocolate coconut tart	neutral
Fabulous crust n a filling that was perfect .	crust	neutral
Upside for the burrito is n't particularly high .	burrito	neutral
The decor is cool , the music is great , and the food is fantastic !	decor	neutral
The decor is cool , the music is great , and the food is fantastic !	music	neutral
The decor is cool , the music is great , and the food is fantastic !	food	neutral
I had the bronzed shrimp and grits and will definitely order it next time !	bronzed shrimp and grits	neutral
Creamy , cheesy grits paired with spicy shrimp and andouille sausage - yum !	grits	neutral
Creamy , cheesy grits paired with spicy shrimp and andouille sausage - yum !	spicy shrimp	neutral
Creamy , cheesy grits paired with spicy shrimp and andouille sausage - yum !	andouille sausage	neutral
My husband ordered off the brunch menu and got the French toast with a side of praline bacon .	French	neutral
He said it was terrific and I can attest to that , at least as far as the bacon is concerned , because I stole a piece !	bacon	neutral
We will definitely be back and would like to try sitting outside in their nice courtyard ( too windy today . )	courtyard	neutral
the lady at the counter was charming and friendly , and we could see the bakers in the back doing their thing which i thought was neat !	lady	neutral
the lady at the counter was charming and friendly , and we could see the bakers in the back doing their thing which i thought was neat !	bakers	neutral
This place is amazing ! !	place	neutral
We have lived here for 5 years and this has been the only teriyaki/ sushi spot that is delish ! !	teriyaki/ sushi spot	neutral
Customer service is amazing !	Customer service	neutral
Portions are perfect !	Portions	neutral
I started with a peach Bellini , which was delicious and not made like most ( slushy and full of sugar ) , it was with champagne and peach puree .	peach Bellini	neutral
For dinner I went with the gluten free spicy chirizo sausage burger and the tomato gin soup .	spicy chirizo sausage burger	neutral
For dinner I went with the gluten free spicy chirizo sausage burger and the tomato gin soup .	tomato gin soup	neutral
It was amazing , some of best soup I 've had and	soup	neutral
Steve went the mac & cheese , which sadly I was n't able to have , but the review was it was great as well .	mac & cheese	neutral
I hate that this place is always busy , but it 's worth it .	place	neutral
Very cute place !	place	neutral
A bit on the pricey side for a more cafe setting but still a pretty nice place and unique .	place	neutral
We had a burger and it did not disappoint .	burger	neutral
The Wings are to die for !	Wings	neutral
I especially like it with the Thai Chili Sauce .	Thai Chili Sauce	neutral
Jen and Crystal are great bartenders and always make me feel welcomed ...	Jen	neutral
If you Really like Mexican food at a reasonable price then look no further .	Mexican food	neutral
The food was excellent and the wait staff was very attentive .	food	neutral
The food was excellent and the wait staff was very attentive .	wait staff	neutral
The mood is just right .	mood	neutral
It 's a hip and trendy place with a touch of spirituality and wellness vibe .	place	neutral
They have limited parking in their small lot considering how crowded this place can get , but you can park a block away and walk over .	lot	neutral
Great music , ambience is just perfect ( lively , great dark flooring ) , high quality merchandise/ products with better ingredients than most places and well packaged , even their branded bags are well made and designed , cute knick knacks !	music	neutral
Great music , ambience is just perfect ( lively , great dark flooring ) , high quality merchandise/ products with better ingredients than most places and well packaged , even their branded bags are well made and designed , cute knick knacks !	ambience	neutral
Great music , ambience is just perfect ( lively , great dark flooring ) , high quality merchandise/ products with better ingredients than most places and well packaged , even their branded bags are well made and designed , cute knick knacks !	dark flooring	neutral
Great music , ambience is just perfect ( lively , great dark flooring ) , high quality merchandise/ products with better ingredients than most places and well packaged , even their branded bags are well made and designed , cute knick knacks !	merchandise/	neutral
Great music , ambience is just perfect ( lively , great dark flooring ) , high quality merchandise/ products with better ingredients than most places and well packaged , even their branded bags are well made and designed , cute knick knacks !	products	neutral
Great music , ambience is just perfect ( lively , great dark flooring ) , high quality merchandise/ products with better ingredients than most places and well packaged , even their branded bags are well made and designed , cute knick knacks !	ingredients	neutral
Great music , ambience is just perfect ( lively , great dark flooring ) , high quality merchandise/ products with better ingredients than most places and well packaged , even their branded bags are well made and designed , cute knick knacks !	branded bags	neutral
Their staff is friendly .	staff	neutral
They have a great selection of teas .	teas	neutral
I hear their berry hibiscus tea is great .	berry hibiscus tea	neutral
Their pizza is amazing !	pizza	neutral
My friend says their sourdough crust is to die for !	sourdough crust	neutral
Had a half and half .	half and half	neutral
The crust is thin just the way I like it .	crust	neutral
Chalkboard can be hard to read but they have a printed menu by the register in case	Chalkboard	neutral
My wife and I really enjoy the sushi and the kids love everything else .	sushi	neutral
Friendly atmosphere and good food .	atmosphere	neutral
Friendly atmosphere and good food .	food	neutral
I frequent this place at least twice a month , a little pricey but worth it for fresh food .	place	neutral
I frequent this place at least twice a month , a little pricey but worth it for fresh food .	food	neutral
Talk about a delicious sushi burrito !	sushi burrito	neutral
Also , the packaging is just adorable .	packaging	neutral
Unfortunately the seating is limited , but it 's a great option to take home or over to the big food court by the movie theatre .	seating	neutral
You can even get a custom burrito made !	burrito	neutral
( Not that you need to , the salmon burrito and kimchi beef burrito are both excellent as is . )	salmon burrito	neutral
( Not that you need to , the salmon burrito and kimchi beef burrito are both excellent as is . )	kimchi beef burrito	neutral
The welcoming smiles from hostesses / servers and attention from the manager is all good and sincerely personal .	hostesses	neutral
The welcoming smiles from hostesses / servers and attention from the manager is all good and sincerely personal .	servers	neutral
The welcoming smiles from hostesses / servers and attention from the manager is all good and sincerely personal .	manager	neutral
Sushi bar seats 8 .	Sushi bar	neutral
They could squeeze a couple more in , but the servers kind of need that space to pick up orders , which the chefs call out nonstop ( " C6 ! B4 ! " ) .	servers	neutral
They could squeeze a couple more in , but the servers kind of need that space to pick up orders , which the chefs call out nonstop ( " C6 ! B4 ! " ) .	chefs	neutral
We did the AYCE which is $ 28 and you can add optional AYCE oysters for $ 9 .	AYCE	neutral
There 's also a separate buffet station with hot foods .	buffet station	neutral
The sushi portions were good size pieces and you can order half rolls .	sushi portions	neutral
My faves include the riceless rolls .	riceless rolls	neutral
On our second visit , Chef Ivan made some amazing dishes for us !	Chef	neutral
On our second visit , Chef Ivan made some amazing dishes for us !	Ivan	neutral
The decor is all brand new and designed to look rustic and nautical like you 're at a pier restaurant .	decor	neutral
I only wish the sushi bar had glass so you can watch them work .	sushi bar	neutral
On our first visit , we had to stand up to watch a chef make this amazing dish with some kind of dry ice concoction .	chef	neutral
On our second visit , Chef Eric Lee saw me tippy - toe to see so he brought his cutting board closer so that I could personally see what he was making .	Chef	neutral
Now that is great chef 's service !	chef 's service	neutral
We 'll definitely go back again and highly recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
First time ordering pork belly musubi	pork belly musubi	neutral
but we always order kimchi fried rice , bulgogi nachos , combo fried rice , 2 orders of chicken wings and beef chowfun .	combo fried rice	neutral
but we always order kimchi fried rice , bulgogi nachos , combo fried rice , 2 orders of chicken wings and beef chowfun .	chicken wings	neutral
My wife started driving and I wanted to try the pork belly musubi .	pork belly musubi	neutral
I first tasted the crispy fried smokey of the pork belly and it was out of this world .	crispy fried smokey of	neutral
I first tasted the crispy fried smokey of the pork belly and it was out of this world .	pork belly	neutral
The kimchi fried rice , chow fun , bulgogi nachos ,	kimchi fried rice	neutral
The kimchi fried rice , chow fun , bulgogi nachos ,	chow fun	neutral
The kimchi fried rice , chow fun , bulgogi nachos ,	bulgogi nachos	neutral
2orders of chicken wings , and regular fried rice for the kids is our goto order every time we go .	chicken wings	neutral
But everything ever thing is good including the Chinese side of the menu .	Chinese	neutral
But everything ever thing is good including the Chinese side of the menu .	menu	neutral
The wonton soup is excellent and chow fun .	wonton soup	neutral
I have not been disappointed with the the food .	food	neutral
Even if we drove 25 minutes the bulgogi nachos were so tasty .	bulgogi nachos	neutral
If you ever had chilequiles , it reminded me of that with a twist .	chilequiles	neutral
Thank you Komex .	Komex	neutral
but I enjoy komex .	komex	neutral
Service is always excellent ! ! !	Service	neutral
Great tour guides with lots of interesting Pittsburgh facts .	tour	neutral
The ride was much smoother than I expected ... especially the transition between water and land .	water	neutral
Good food , great service .	food	neutral
Good food , great service .	service	neutral
There 's quality food for low prices .	food	neutral
Cute , trendy place with pretty decent breakfast .	place	neutral
Cute , trendy place with pretty decent breakfast .	breakfast	neutral
I got the Traditional Eggs Benedict , and my friend had one of the pizzas .	Eggs Benedict	neutral
My eggs were n't cooked enough , and the English muffins were a bit burnt .	eggs	neutral
My eggs were n't cooked enough , and the English muffins were a bit burnt .	English muffins	neutral
The Hollandaise was decent , though .	Hollandaise	neutral
Orange juice was $ 3 .	Orange juice	neutral
Probably would 've given it 2 stars , but the burnt English muffin / undercooked egg could 've been a fluke and the service was really good .	English muffin	neutral
Probably would 've given it 2 stars , but the burnt English muffin / undercooked egg could 've been a fluke and the service was really good .	egg	neutral
Probably would 've given it 2 stars , but the burnt English muffin / undercooked egg could 've been a fluke and the service was really good .	service	neutral
The take out dude was friendly and the food came out in 10min !	take out dude	neutral
I randomly chose the Gaeng Ped , which consisted of roasted duck in red curry sauce , and declined the additional spice .	Gaeng Ped	neutral
I slightly regret getting the duck , it was good	duck	neutral
The portions were large so you could definitely split a dish or have leftovers , especially if you get some kind of appetizer .	portions	neutral
The portions were large so you could definitely split a dish or have leftovers , especially if you get some kind of appetizer .	appetizer	neutral
Location is great on East Blvd next to Paper Skyscraper .	Location	neutral
The interior is dark and pretty typical Thai restaurant decor .	interior	neutral
Picasso ( not the painter ) restaurant in Las Vegas is an absolute embarrassment to the Michelin star rating system .	Picasso	neutral
Picasso does not merit even 1/16 of a star compared to some of the Michelin star restaurants	Picasso	neutral
and I was looking forward in experiencing their desgustation menu .	desgustation	neutral
The pan - seared scallops tasted like if they were from the same kitchen making the scallop salad for room service ....	pan - seared scallops	neutral
The halibut was dry and lacked any flaky texture .	halibut	neutral
The lamb had no flavor whatsoever .	lamb	neutral
I even forgot what I had for dessert .	dessert	neutral
I will admit that the service was very good .	service	neutral
The waiters were attentive and stirred up good conversation with us .	waiters	neutral
The actual Picasso paintings were beautiful and i really enjoyed viewing them .	Picasso paintings	neutral
I would avoid this restaurant at all costs and use your money for the tables instead .	restaurant	neutral
I will never dine here again or let any of my family or friends dare make a reservation at Picasso .	Picasso	neutral
Great coffee , great atmosphere , better employees !	coffee	neutral
Great coffee , great atmosphere , better employees !	atmosphere	neutral
Great coffee , great atmosphere , better employees !	employees	neutral
Very good hibachi !	hibachi	neutral
love the fried rice and yum yum sauce	fried rice	neutral
love the fried rice and yum yum sauce	sauce	neutral
Service was awful , waited 15 minutes for cutlery after food arrived .	Service	neutral
Food was cold and 2 orders were wrong .	Food	neutral
Soda water was mixed with sprite .	Soda water	neutral
Hope it 's not the norm for this place	place	neutral
We both had the House Special Pho , which were $ 8 .	House Special	neutral
We both had the House Special Pho , which were $ 8 .	Pho	neutral
The broth was good but the beef was n't very tender .	broth	neutral
The broth was good but the beef was n't very tender .	beef	neutral
The place is rather small and the tables close together which is something I do n't really enjoy .	place	neutral
The place is rather small and the tables close together which is something I do n't really enjoy .	tables	neutral
I came in here this morning around 11:30am and I was upset about the lack of service .	service	neutral
I expected that it was going to be busy and that there was going to be a long wait	wait	neutral
I was hoping that the forth staff member that made eye contact with me and walked by me would at least acknowledge my presence and nothing .	staff	neutral
This location is ALWAYS busy .	location	neutral
It sucks that there is n't a drive thru here .	drive	neutral
Great food , just a tiny little restaurant .	food	neutral
Great food , just a tiny little restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
And the nitrogen ice cream is the BEST thing I 've ever had ...	nitrogen ice cream	neutral
The chocolate flavor is creamy and delicious .	chocolate flavor	neutral
We walk into IHOP and are taken to a booth by the manager in which we were told to " watch out for the strawberries on the floor " as we walked to the booth .	manager	neutral
Our waitress came right over and took our drink order then vanished for 30 mins .	waitress	neutral
We tell our waitress how frustrating this is and she apologizes and says she will discount the bill for us .	waitress	neutral
The manager is walking back and forth from the kitchen to his office and refuses to make eye contact .	manager	neutral
and he stands in the kitchen and yells for our waitress to cash us out .	waitress	neutral
A great restaurant with excellent and friendly service .	restaurant	neutral
A great restaurant with excellent and friendly service .	service	neutral
I have enjoyed several trips here , but just noticed an item on the menu that will make this my last visit .	menu	neutral
I find the " Pearl Harbor Shrimp Bomb Sushi " to be a little unsetteling .	Pearl Harbor Shrimp Bomb Sushi	neutral
I do not believe that an incident which cost the lives of thousands of Americans should be used in thus way at a Japanese restaurant .	Japanese	neutral
My son and I love the soda shoppe not just because it reminds me of the fifties and the original soda shops , the great and unique food , and the prices , but the staff .	soda	neutral
My son and I love the soda shoppe not just because it reminds me of the fifties and the original soda shops , the great and unique food , and the prices , but the staff .	food	neutral
My son and I love the soda shoppe not just because it reminds me of the fifties and the original soda shops , the great and unique food , and the prices , but the staff .	staff	neutral
Sarah , a serving specialist , is as cute as they come and a really personable teenager .	Sarah	neutral
Julie is very kind and friendly and makes a fantastic banana split .	Julie	neutral
Julie is very kind and friendly and makes a fantastic banana split .	banana split	neutral
Amada who is in charge is a dynamic person , full of energy and gorgeous .	Amada	neutral
I love the staff and so does John ,	staff	neutral
I love the staff and so does John ,	John	neutral
We love drawing cartoons on napkins for the staff and watch them smile .	staff	neutral
Great breakfast , great friendly staff service .	breakfast	neutral
Great breakfast , great friendly staff service .	staff service	neutral
I love this place !	place	neutral
The food is delicious and the staff could not be any friendlier .	food	neutral
The food is delicious and the staff could not be any friendlier .	staff	neutral
Now that I live out of the area I am still able to get delivery and even that is amazing , and there 's only a 20 dollar minimum .	delivery	neutral
Definitely the best Thai food in the city .	Thai food	neutral
I was not very impressed with Naked Fish , their sister restaurant , but I had to try this place	Naked Fish	neutral
It has a very authentic appearing , simple yet sophisticated clean Japanese decor .	Japanese decor	neutral
I felt that the menu was somewhat small online , but they had a pretty large " today 's special " menu from which I ordered a few things .	menu	neutral
I felt that the menu was somewhat small online , but they had a pretty large " today 's special " menu from which I ordered a few things .	menu	neutral
It seemed that all of the servers and Chefs were Japanese , which is a big plus .	servers	neutral
It seemed that all of the servers and Chefs were Japanese , which is a big plus .	Chefs	neutral
This is a typical Izakaya food , which is Japanese bar food .	Izakaya	neutral
They do have a good selection of yakitori menu as well .	yakitori menu	neutral
I think butabara ( pork belly ) and kawa ( chicken skin ) were the best among them .	butabara	neutral
I think butabara ( pork belly ) and kawa ( chicken skin ) were the best among them .	pork belly	neutral
I think butabara ( pork belly ) and kawa ( chicken skin ) were the best among them .	kawa ( chicken skin	neutral
Chicken karaage was also very good as well as daikon salad and salmon / ikura donburi .	Chicken karaage	neutral
Chicken karaage was also very good as well as daikon salad and salmon / ikura donburi .	daikon salad	neutral
Chicken karaage was also very good as well as daikon salad and salmon / ikura donburi .	salmon / ikura donburi	neutral
Of other Izakayas in town ( Raku , Shuseki , Ichiza ) , I 'd say this place has the best decor and atmosphere , and middle of the road in price / value , and the food is somewhere between ichiza and Raku .	decor	neutral
Of other Izakayas in town ( Raku , Shuseki , Ichiza ) , I 'd say this place has the best decor and atmosphere , and middle of the road in price / value , and the food is somewhere between ichiza and Raku .	atmosphere	neutral
If you like above named restaurants , you would really like this place .	place	neutral
Love BBQ !	BBQ	neutral
I recommend the Georgia Chopped Pork .	Georgia Chopped Pork	neutral
Probably need to review the menu a little more and actually listen .	menu	neutral
Food was great .	Food	neutral
Love the corn on the Cobb too .	corn on the Cobb	neutral
Plus the corn bread muffins .	corn bread muffins	neutral
My server was awesome .	server	neutral
She made a pineapple with the different sauces to introduce you to them .	sauces	neutral
Our food was not as warm as we would have liked and she took charge and got another one made rt away .	food	neutral
Then the manager came over to the table and gave us a cookie on the house .	manager	neutral
They all were working together and the management is just amazing .	management	neutral
They have no customer service skill and give everyone dirty looks for no reason .	customer service	neutral
The cashier had on very heavy makeup and her eyelashes looked like they were going to fall into my burrito .	cashier	neutral
I have been here plenty of time could be one of the best burgers I have ever tasted	burgers	neutral
I usually always get the Hell 's Kitchen burger it is amazing also the chicken wings you ca n't compare to anything in this world	Hell 's Kitchen burger	neutral
I usually always get the Hell 's Kitchen burger it is amazing also the chicken wings you ca n't compare to anything in this world	chicken wings	neutral
there has been times I waited in line just to eat chicken wings there like nothing you have ever tasted , as for the jalape単o poppers crazy good they come with chipotle ranch dressing highly recommend this and the service has always been 100 %	chicken wings	neutral
there has been times I waited in line just to eat chicken wings there like nothing you have ever tasted , as for the jalape単o poppers crazy good they come with chipotle ranch dressing highly recommend this and the service has always been 100 %	jalape単o poppers	neutral
there has been times I waited in line just to eat chicken wings there like nothing you have ever tasted , as for the jalape単o poppers crazy good they come with chipotle ranch dressing highly recommend this and the service has always been 100 %	chipotle ranch dressing	neutral
there has been times I waited in line just to eat chicken wings there like nothing you have ever tasted , as for the jalape単o poppers crazy good they come with chipotle ranch dressing highly recommend this and the service has always been 100 %	service	neutral
Cute little " dive " in a small smokey casino .	dive	neutral
We ordered chicken cordon bleu , chicken soup , potato skins , hot turkey sandwich , and a chocolate milk shake .	chicken	neutral
We ordered chicken cordon bleu , chicken soup , potato skins , hot turkey sandwich , and a chocolate milk shake .	chicken soup	neutral
We ordered chicken cordon bleu , chicken soup , potato skins , hot turkey sandwich , and a chocolate milk shake .	potato	neutral
The portions were large and our waitress Julz was very polite and attentive .	portions	neutral
The portions were large and our waitress Julz was very polite and attentive .	waitress	neutral
The portions were large and our waitress Julz was very polite and attentive .	Julz	neutral
Potato skins $ 4 .	Potato skins	neutral
75 , chicken cordon bleu $ 7 .	chicken cordon	neutral
, hot turkey sandwich $ 5 .	hot turkey sandwich	neutral
85 , and the milk shake $ 2 .	milk shake	neutral
Our server Michael was absolutely the best , he was very polite and also made a few recommendations since it was our 1st time there .	server	neutral
Our server Michael was absolutely the best , he was very polite and also made a few recommendations since it was our 1st time there .	Michael	neutral
Everyone ordered different foods and EVERYTHING was cooked to perfection .. the smoked wings were juicy and of good size , the ribs were fall off the bone tender , the chicken that came with the rib combo was moist but the skin was good and crispy .	smoked wings	neutral
Everyone ordered different foods and EVERYTHING was cooked to perfection .. the smoked wings were juicy and of good size , the ribs were fall off the bone tender , the chicken that came with the rib combo was moist but the skin was good and crispy .	ribs	neutral
Everyone ordered different foods and EVERYTHING was cooked to perfection .. the smoked wings were juicy and of good size , the ribs were fall off the bone tender , the chicken that came with the rib combo was moist but the skin was good and crispy .	chicken	neutral
Everyone ordered different foods and EVERYTHING was cooked to perfection .. the smoked wings were juicy and of good size , the ribs were fall off the bone tender , the chicken that came with the rib combo was moist but the skin was good and crispy .	rib combo	neutral
Everyone ordered different foods and EVERYTHING was cooked to perfection .. the smoked wings were juicy and of good size , the ribs were fall off the bone tender , the chicken that came with the rib combo was moist but the skin was good and crispy .	skin	neutral
Even the burger was juicy .. our sides included collard greens , sweet potato fries , Cole slaw , creamed corn and fries everything was great !	burger	neutral
Even the burger was juicy .. our sides included collard greens , sweet potato fries , Cole slaw , creamed corn and fries everything was great !	collard greens	neutral
Even the burger was juicy .. our sides included collard greens , sweet potato fries , Cole slaw , creamed corn and fries everything was great !	sweet potato fries	neutral
Even the burger was juicy .. our sides included collard greens , sweet potato fries , Cole slaw , creamed corn and fries everything was great !	Cole slaw	neutral
Even the burger was juicy .. our sides included collard greens , sweet potato fries , Cole slaw , creamed corn and fries everything was great !	creamed corn	neutral
Even the burger was juicy .. our sides included collard greens , sweet potato fries , Cole slaw , creamed corn and fries everything was great !	fries	neutral
They give good portion sizes so you will not leave hungry .	portion sizes	neutral
Staff are friendly but service too slow for me to come here again -	Staff	neutral
Staff are friendly but service too slow for me to come here again -	service	neutral
I have gone up from 2 to 3 stars as the food was very good ( veggie burrito ) .	food	neutral
I have gone up from 2 to 3 stars as the food was very good ( veggie burrito ) .	veggie burrito	neutral
My fiance and I came here for the good rating on Yelp and the pics of amazing looking burgers and shakes and to my disappointment the burger was made with a tough and fatty ground beef and lacked seasoning .	burgers	neutral
My fiance and I came here for the good rating on Yelp and the pics of amazing looking burgers and shakes and to my disappointment the burger was made with a tough and fatty ground beef and lacked seasoning .	shakes	neutral
My fiance and I came here for the good rating on Yelp and the pics of amazing looking burgers and shakes and to my disappointment the burger was made with a tough and fatty ground beef and lacked seasoning .	burger	neutral
My fiance said the wings were cooked good , although small and were out of the sauce he originally wanted .	wings	neutral
The best thing we had here was the steak and cheese pupusas , but nothing to rave about .	steak and cheese pupusas	neutral
I was happy to have a decent pupusa , but it is a far cry from a good burger and shake place .	pupusa	neutral
I was happy to have a decent pupusa , but it is a far cry from a good burger and shake place .	burger	neutral
They do not even have fountain soda drinks , one can of soda was almost $ 2 and a bottled soda was almost $ 3!. We will not return .	can of soda	neutral
They do not even have fountain soda drinks , one can of soda was almost $ 2 and a bottled soda was almost $ 3!. We will not return .	bottled soda	neutral
I will have to go back and try their pizza or pasta .	pizza	neutral
I will have to go back and try their pizza or pasta .	pasta	neutral
Food is fresh .	Food	neutral
What an exciting environment !	environment	neutral
Very friendly and welcoming staff .	staff	neutral
Food is always great .	Food	neutral
The food was great and reminded me of home .	food	neutral
I ordered the chicken platter and it was amazing !	chicken platter	neutral
The store is very neat and bright .	store	neutral
Staffs are very friendly .	Staffs	neutral
I tried all of their menu and my favorite is It 's Lit .	menu	neutral
the bowl has great combination from fish , spicy mayo sauce and I added cherry tomatoes .	bowl	neutral
the bowl has great combination from fish , spicy mayo sauce and I added cherry tomatoes .	fish	neutral
the bowl has great combination from fish , spicy mayo sauce and I added cherry tomatoes .	spicy mayo sauce	neutral
Who knew that Sprinkles had icecream ?	Sprinkles	neutral
The cupcakes were moist with a good cake to icing ratio .	cupcakes	neutral
Good place to take your young out - of - town guests to show you 're still hip .	place	neutral
Not a good place for us senior citizens .	place	neutral
The music is so loud as to be painful .	music	neutral
The staff are disdainful of older folk .	staff	neutral
The food is strange hard core healthy .	food	neutral
Might be good spot to cure a hangover .	spot	neutral
I never tried the meat , but looks fantastic .	meat	neutral
Well when I got to my bowl it felt like half of my bowl was missing and they were very frugal with toppings and proteins .	toppings	neutral
She was super friendly and she met my full expectations of what my bowl should actually look like .	bowl	neutral
The atmosphere inside the restaurant area is very fitting for the type of food they are serving .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere inside the restaurant area is very fitting for the type of food they are serving .	restaurant area	neutral
The atmosphere inside the restaurant area is very fitting for the type of food they are serving .	food	neutral
The service was great as well .	service	neutral
My table ordered the mezze platter which had grape leaves , hummus , artichokes , and another type of dip I forget .	mezze platter	neutral
The grape leaves and hummus were my favorites .	grape leaves	neutral
The grape leaves and hummus were my favorites .	hummus	neutral
They continuously bring you fresh warm pits bread throughout your meal .	bread	neutral
Our entrees were a gyro salad , the combo kabob , and a lamb burger .	combo kabob	neutral
The combo kabob was lamb , filet , shrimp and chicken , all cooked to perfection .	combo kabob	neutral
The combo kabob was lamb , filet , shrimp and chicken , all cooked to perfection .	shrimp	neutral
The combo kabob was lamb , filet , shrimp and chicken , all cooked to perfection .	chicken	neutral
The lamb burger was also cooked perfectly and tasted great .	lamb burger	neutral
For a place that does n't specialize in burgers , it was crafted perfectly with a brioche bun .	bun	neutral
The pot roast is amazing !	pot roast	neutral
Service was amazing on such a busy Friday night .	Service	neutral
Fun place to go with a good , varied selection on the food menu and a quite nice beer selection to explore .	food menu	neutral
Fun place to go with a good , varied selection on the food menu and a quite nice beer selection to explore .	beer selection	neutral
Service for our group of 9 was friendly & prompt .	Service	neutral
Food was well prepared , presented and enjoyed all around .	Food	neutral
In sampling the appetizers , the 2 types of wings ( including smoked - my favorite ) , fries & gravy became our go - to .	wings	neutral
In sampling the appetizers , the 2 types of wings ( including smoked - my favorite ) , fries & gravy became our go - to .	smoked	neutral
In sampling the appetizers , the 2 types of wings ( including smoked - my favorite ) , fries & gravy became our go - to .	fries	neutral
In sampling the appetizers , the 2 types of wings ( including smoked - my favorite ) , fries & gravy became our go - to .	gravy	neutral
Regarding beer , we favored the flights initially , before individually selecting .	beer	neutral
Hop Head flight was a particularly popular choice at our table .	Hop Head flight	neutral
I was eager to try this restaurant , but unfortunately it was a letdown at every turn .	restaurant	neutral
The menu is tiny , the prices are exorbitant , the entree portions look like appetizer portions , the rice is flavorless , the beans taste straight out of a can , I could go on and on .	menu	neutral
The menu is tiny , the prices are exorbitant , the entree portions look like appetizer portions , the rice is flavorless , the beans taste straight out of a can , I could go on and on .	entree portions	neutral
The menu is tiny , the prices are exorbitant , the entree portions look like appetizer portions , the rice is flavorless , the beans taste straight out of a can , I could go on and on .	rice	neutral
The menu is tiny , the prices are exorbitant , the entree portions look like appetizer portions , the rice is flavorless , the beans taste straight out of a can , I could go on and on .	beans	neutral
It 's such a shame because I have enjoyed their sister restaurant Burritoholics quite a bit since it 's opened , but I was disappointed to find that the quality of the food was the same yet the prices were three times as high .	Burritoholics	neutral
It 's such a shame because I have enjoyed their sister restaurant Burritoholics quite a bit since it 's opened , but I was disappointed to find that the quality of the food was the same yet the prices were three times as high .	food	neutral
The lunch buffet for $ 6 is a steal !	lunch buffet	neutral
The great white pizza is incredible !	great white pizza	neutral
If you 're into just a simple pizza , you ca n't go wrong with their pepperoni .	pizza	neutral
If you 're into just a simple pizza , you ca n't go wrong with their pepperoni .	pepperoni	neutral
Great service and ambiance .	service	neutral
Great service and ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
Less than half the price of Gordon Ramsey 's Burger , although those burgers are great .	burgers	neutral
Went back for breakfast and had great food at a great price .	food	neutral
Varied menu .	menu	neutral
Great desserts .	desserts	neutral
Great service and good food .	service	neutral
Great service and good food .	food	neutral
The Greek fries are particularly tasty and the Saganaki is as good as you 'll find anywhere in the west valley .	Greek fries	neutral
The Greek fries are particularly tasty and the Saganaki is as good as you 'll find anywhere in the west valley .	Saganaki	neutral
There is never too much of a good thing and this place proves it .	place	neutral
Amazing , awesome prices on growler fills .	growler fills	neutral
He has a wider selection of top notch breweries than Wandering Tortoise and his growler fills are significantly less .	breweries	neutral
He has a wider selection of top notch breweries than Wandering Tortoise and his growler fills are significantly less .	growler	neutral
Alley pup sure will .	Alley pup	neutral
The man behind the counter was super awesome with excellent customer service .	man	neutral
The man behind the counter was super awesome with excellent customer service .	customer service	neutral
They even sell growlers in glass and stainless steel cheaper than any place we have been to so far .	growlers	neutral
Do n't need to take my word for it ... check this place out on tap hunters and get ready to be amazed .	place	neutral
I 'm sorry to say , but this was THE worst Cirque show I 've seen despite being a Beatles fan .	Cirque	neutral
I was extremely disappointed with the lack of acrobatics in the show .	acrobatics	neutral
I ordered the seafood enchiladas .. which honestly were nothing like an enchilada , but it was delicious anyway .	seafood enchiladas	neutral
My girlfriend had the veggie quesedilla , which was OK , but not spectactular .	veggie quesedilla	neutral
I would order the seafood enchiladas any day of the week , and I look forward to going back for them .	seafood enchiladas	neutral
A small latte was $ 6 .	latte	neutral
Very inconsistent food and service .	food	neutral
Very inconsistent food and service .	service	neutral
Steak was mostly fat , did nothing to rectify it .	Steak	neutral
Hot veggies- cold , 20 minutes to get our drinks after being seated , requests were slow and at times had to be reminded .	veggies-	neutral
We had the Drunken Onion Rings to start off with and they were by the far the biggest onion rings I 've ever had in my life !	Drunken Onion Rings	neutral
We had the Drunken Onion Rings to start off with and they were by the far the biggest onion rings I 've ever had in my life !	onion	neutral
For my dinner entree I had the pan roasted red snapper and my bf ordered the pork porterhouse with this amazing chutney !	pan roasted red snapper	neutral
For my dinner entree I had the pan roasted red snapper and my bf ordered the pork porterhouse with this amazing chutney !	pork porterhouse	neutral
For my dinner entree I had the pan roasted red snapper and my bf ordered the pork porterhouse with this amazing chutney !	chutney	neutral
Damn his food was good ...	food	neutral
don't get me wrong , my dinner was delicious as well .	dinner	neutral
I also grubbed off of his side dish of mashed potatoes more than my own side dish of whipped sweet potatoes ... they were both pretty awesome .	whipped sweet potatoes	neutral
All in all , the food was to die for and the entertainment and atmosphere was off the hook too !	food	neutral
All in all , the food was to die for and the entertainment and atmosphere was off the hook too !	entertainment	neutral
All in all , the food was to die for and the entertainment and atmosphere was off the hook too !	atmosphere	neutral
Convenience is key especially when it comes to meals and pressed for time .	meals	neutral
We walked into Pink Taco on Saturday night , it was pretty packed but our group of four was sat right away .	Pink	neutral
My friends got the fajitas , tamales , tacos	fajitas	neutral
My friends got the fajitas , tamales , tacos	tamales	neutral
and I got the burrito .	burrito	neutral
The plates were really big serving and they had to take boxes home , I finished my burrito there .	plates	neutral
We also ordered the guacamole for the table as an appetizer , yum !	guacamole	neutral
Service was good , not exceptional or poor .	Service	neutral
Nektar is located in the newer Summerlin shopping area and has a nice , earthy decor .	decor	neutral
The staff was friendly and accommodating .	staff	neutral
The menu has a nice variety of juice and smoothie options .	menu	neutral
The menu has a nice variety of juice and smoothie options .	juice	neutral
The menu has a nice variety of juice and smoothie options .	smoothie	neutral
Most of the smoothies have cashew milk as the " milk " in the smoothie .	smoothies	neutral
My daughter got a strawberry banana smoothie which she said was fine .	strawberry banana smoothie	neutral
Over all , the place is nice , I like how more juice bars are popping up and introducing more to healthier alternatives to enjoying beverages .	juice	neutral
He was fantastic with his customer service and actually listened when I asked for ranch .	customer service	neutral
these type of employee 's are ones to hold on to !	employee	neutral
This is my favorite buffet in Vegas so far .	buffet	neutral
Medium price for ( I think ) higher end food .	food	neutral
They have your standard crabs legs and prime rib ... but also many tasty dishes ... crepes , lamb , seafoods ...	crabs legs	neutral
They have your standard crabs legs and prime rib ... but also many tasty dishes ... crepes , lamb , seafoods ...	prime rib	neutral
They have your standard crabs legs and prime rib ... but also many tasty dishes ... crepes , lamb , seafoods ...	dishes	neutral
They have your standard crabs legs and prime rib ... but also many tasty dishes ... crepes , lamb , seafoods ...	crepes	neutral
They have your standard crabs legs and prime rib ... but also many tasty dishes ... crepes , lamb , seafoods ...	lamb	neutral
They have your standard crabs legs and prime rib ... but also many tasty dishes ... crepes , lamb , seafoods ...	seafoods	neutral
And the desserts ... awesome !	desserts	neutral
Huge portions , lovely interior , and yummy food .	portions	neutral
Huge portions , lovely interior , and yummy food .	interior	neutral
Huge portions , lovely interior , and yummy food .	food	neutral
We first ordered the potatoes and they are fantastic !	potatoes	neutral
i got ta say that the chicken shwarma was miles better than the beef ,	chicken shwarma	neutral
but overall the shwarma dish lacked flavor and was rather bland .	shwarma dish	neutral
i liked them much more than my shwarma .	shwarma	neutral
If my review was based purely on the shwarma it would nt land more than 3 * but the potatoes , sides , and portions were really something else !	shwarma	neutral
If my review was based purely on the shwarma it would nt land more than 3 * but the potatoes , sides , and portions were really something else !	potatoes	neutral
If my review was based purely on the shwarma it would nt land more than 3 * but the potatoes , sides , and portions were really something else !	sides	neutral
If my review was based purely on the shwarma it would nt land more than 3 * but the potatoes , sides , and portions were really something else !	portions	neutral
Serves is good and food is alright !	Serves	neutral
Serves is good and food is alright !	food	neutral
But the music was great !	music	neutral
but it took an additional 5 - 10 minutes for a Cosmo and some chocolate martini were delivered .	Cosmo	neutral
There was plenty of seating at the bar .	bar	neutral
When the ladies took a sip out of the martinis their faces instantly puckered .	martinis	neutral
Apparently they have been their previously and said both martinis have never been like that .	martinis	neutral
When I brought it up with the bartender , he basically said he 'd been doing this for 20 years and that they were perfectly fine .	bartender	neutral
It would have been one thing if the bartender had just apologized and asked if there 's anything he can do , but he was just argumentative and probably drunk to be honest .	bartender	neutral
I was sad because I really wanted to try the food because the menu looks great .	menu	neutral
Only reason it does n't get a 1 star , is the food .	food	neutral
Had to write an update based on the service we recently had because it was just too insane .	service	neutral
Walked in for breakfast this last Saturday morning and it took a good five minutes for the server to greet us because she was ringing up another couple - which is totally fine .	server	neutral
After the hostess was freed up she approached us and shouted " Is there something I can help you with ?	hostess	neutral
Our waitress took our order in a timely fashion but could n't crack a smile if you had used a crowbar on her .	waitress	neutral
Another waitress brought us our food and asked us if there was anything else we needed - to which we said yes - silverware .	waitress	neutral
You sit down in front of your breakfast and it smells awesome and looks good and five minutes pass	breakfast	neutral
Also , what 's up with servers " trading out " in the middle of a service ?	servers	neutral
It was n't like our waitress was off for the day - I could see her helping the table next to us .	waitress	neutral
- my poached egg was watery , it took 20 minutes to get the bill from the waitress ( our original waitress who returned to pick up the cash ) , no one said goodbye as we left , freaky little drill sergeant hostess ...	poached egg	neutral
- my poached egg was watery , it took 20 minutes to get the bill from the waitress ( our original waitress who returned to pick up the cash ) , no one said goodbye as we left , freaky little drill sergeant hostess ...	waitress	neutral
One star is too many for this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
was just ok ; the food is not very hot ; do n't know if it is pre - made or just sits there too long .	food	neutral
Only my daughter who had a sandwich is ok .	sandwich	neutral
I loveeeeee the bubble tea here !	bubble tea	neutral
I am so disappointed in this location .	location	neutral
Food is good but over priced .	Food	neutral
Still , good food .	food	neutral
Adios la pi単ata .	pi単ata	neutral
There was a lot of interesting choices and toppings .	toppings	neutral
When I got my smoothie it was very pretty .	smoothie	neutral
the combo 3 tasty cold appy - Marinated Natto Beans , Japanese Mashed Potato and Tuna Tataki ..	Marinated	neutral
the combo 3 tasty cold appy - Marinated Natto Beans , Japanese Mashed Potato and Tuna Tataki ..	Natto Beans	neutral
the combo 3 tasty cold appy - Marinated Natto Beans , Japanese Mashed Potato and Tuna Tataki ..	Japanese Mashed Potato	neutral
the combo 3 tasty cold appy - Marinated Natto Beans , Japanese Mashed Potato and Tuna Tataki ..	Tuna Tataki	neutral
The food is very fresh and well prepared .	food	neutral
Their wasabi and soy sauce are made in house and taste light and not too salty .	wasabi	neutral
Their wasabi and soy sauce are made in house and taste light and not too salty .	soy sauce	neutral
This restaurant is very small and have room for 20 people .	restaurant	neutral
Actually ended up pairing very well with the meat and french fries in the sandwich , adding some crunch and refreshing quality to the whole thing .	meat	neutral
Actually ended up pairing very well with the meat and french fries in the sandwich , adding some crunch and refreshing quality to the whole thing .	french fries	neutral
Actually ended up pairing very well with the meat and french fries in the sandwich , adding some crunch and refreshing quality to the whole thing .	sandwich	neutral
Happy and friendly service in a loud and lively atmosphere .	service	neutral
Happy and friendly service in a loud and lively atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Great place to stop by for a beverage and snack .	place	neutral
The atmosphere is very welcoming during lunchtime with lots of natural sunlight and ambient upbeat music playing in the cafe makes for a nice relaxing vibe .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is very welcoming during lunchtime with lots of natural sunlight and ambient upbeat music playing in the cafe makes for a nice relaxing vibe .	sunlight	neutral
The atmosphere is very welcoming during lunchtime with lots of natural sunlight and ambient upbeat music playing in the cafe makes for a nice relaxing vibe .	cafe	neutral
The staff are warm and friendly .	staff	neutral
The croissants just came out of the oven , so they were as fresh as they come .	croissants	neutral
The coffee was freshly brewed .	coffee	neutral
There is free WiFi here too .	WiFi	neutral
Would definitely recommend this place .	place	neutral
The food is really good and fresh the only down part was	food	neutral
Definitely will come back but when the air conditioner gets fixed	air	neutral
Not many veg options , but the breaded mushrooms and onion rings are my favorites .	breaded mushrooms	neutral
Not many veg options , but the breaded mushrooms and onion rings are my favorites .	onion rings	neutral
The grilled cheese is n't bad either .	grilled cheese	neutral
Mostly I like this place because we ate here a lot as a kid , and I love the interior .	interior	neutral
This restaurant was beyond horrible ..	restaurant	neutral
After the food finally arrived my meatloaf was so bad I could n't eat it .	meatloaf	neutral
Charged full price for a meal I never ate !	meal	neutral
The perch dinner my husband ordered was edible but resembled frozen fish sticks , the brisket sandwich our guest ordered was good but the bread soggy .	perch dinner	neutral
The perch dinner my husband ordered was edible but resembled frozen fish sticks , the brisket sandwich our guest ordered was good but the bread soggy .	brisket sandwich	neutral
The only saving grace was the sand trap martini which was excellent ..	sand trap martini	neutral
Unique idea , cooking your own steak on a hot stone at your table .	steak	neutral
However , side dishes arrived well after we cooked & consumed our steaks .	side dishes	neutral
Honestly , with hot stone , dinner plate , side dishes and drinks there 's not enough room to be comfortable .	hot stone	neutral
Honestly , with hot stone , dinner plate , side dishes and drinks there 's not enough room to be comfortable .	dinner plate	neutral
Honestly , with hot stone , dinner plate , side dishes and drinks there 's not enough room to be comfortable .	side dishes	neutral
Honestly , with hot stone , dinner plate , side dishes and drinks there 's not enough room to be comfortable .	drinks	neutral
What 's needed : Bigger tables and prompt service .	tables	neutral
What 's needed : Bigger tables and prompt service .	service	neutral
I ordered Jun 's Special which came with rice , a salad , bulgogi , kalbi , BBQ chicken , meat chun , mandoo and three small sides .	salad	neutral
I ordered Jun 's Special which came with rice , a salad , bulgogi , kalbi , BBQ chicken , meat chun , mandoo and three small sides .	bulgogi	neutral
I ordered Jun 's Special which came with rice , a salad , bulgogi , kalbi , BBQ chicken , meat chun , mandoo and three small sides .	kalbi	neutral
I ordered Jun 's Special which came with rice , a salad , bulgogi , kalbi , BBQ chicken , meat chun , mandoo and three small sides .	BBQ chicken	neutral
I ordered Jun 's Special which came with rice , a salad , bulgogi , kalbi , BBQ chicken , meat chun , mandoo and three small sides .	meat chun	neutral
I was pleased with everything starting with the salad .	salad	neutral
I know its just a salad	salad	neutral
Next I tried each of my sides ( bean sprouts , cabbage kimche and cucumber kimche ) .	bean	neutral
Next I tried each of my sides ( bean sprouts , cabbage kimche and cucumber kimche ) .	cabbage	neutral
The bean sprouts were pretty plain but , like the salad , refreshing .	bean sprouts	neutral
The bean sprouts were pretty plain but , like the salad , refreshing .	salad	neutral
The kimches were not as potent as what I have had before .	kimches	neutral
When I made my way to the meats I was over the moon .	meats	neutral
The chicken was simple bit perfectly cooked .	chicken	neutral
I love the char .	char	neutral
The mandoo ( fried dumpling with pork ) was next .	mandoo ( fried dumpling with pork	neutral
Dumplings rock around the world .	Dumplings	neutral
The kalbi had great flavor but beong from the short rib is more fatty than I like my meat to be .	kalbi	neutral
The kalbi had great flavor but beong from the short rib is more fatty than I like my meat to be .	short rib	neutral
Again , I love the char .	char	neutral
The bulgogi was as good as I 've ever had .	bulgogi	neutral
Amazing meaty goodness .	meaty	neutral
The one I was most skeptical about was the meat chun .	meat chun	neutral
I had never heard of such a dish .	dish	neutral
Jun 's has got it going on .	Jun	neutral
Friendly service .	service	neutral
Fast arrival of food .	food	neutral
I may just have to come back some time and try some more Korean food .	Korean food	neutral
I 'd get more of those mandoo dumplings for sure .	mandoo dumplings	neutral
And maybe try the stone bowl bibimbop .	stone bowl bibimbop	neutral
Excellent Thai wings and a surf n turf burrito that were so amazedly good !	Thai wings	neutral
Excellent Thai wings and a surf n turf burrito that were so amazedly good !	surf n turf burrito	neutral
Best wings hubby had ever had .	wings	neutral
The bay fries were awesome .	bay fries	neutral
The service was good too .	service	neutral
The music playing was not too loud and a good choice .	music	neutral
Every proper city needs an excellent vegan metal bar , and Las Vegas does n't disappoint .	metal bar	neutral
There 's good art on the walls , good music on the speakers , a super nice bartender , comfy seating , and tasty food (	art	neutral
There 's good art on the walls , good music on the speakers , a super nice bartender , comfy seating , and tasty food (	music	neutral
There 's good art on the walls , good music on the speakers , a super nice bartender , comfy seating , and tasty food (	speakers	neutral
There 's good art on the walls , good music on the speakers , a super nice bartender , comfy seating , and tasty food (	bartender	neutral
There 's good art on the walls , good music on the speakers , a super nice bartender , comfy seating , and tasty food (	seating	neutral
There 's good art on the walls , good music on the speakers , a super nice bartender , comfy seating , and tasty food (	food	neutral
the pulled pork sandwich for meateaters was delicious , for yr carnivore friends ) .	pulled pork sandwich	neutral
There 's also a sweet resident rescue dog , and it was n't crowded at all .	rescue dog	neutral
I 'd definitely recommend it , if vegan - friendly metal bars are your jam !	metal bars	neutral
The best gnocchi ( get the semolina - it 's a locally grown wheat ) , hands down , that we have ever had .	gnocchi	neutral
The best gnocchi ( get the semolina - it 's a locally grown wheat ) , hands down , that we have ever had .	semolina	neutral
The crudo itself ( raw fish- think Italian sashimi ) has great , fresh selection with perfect pairings .	crudo	neutral
The crudo itself ( raw fish- think Italian sashimi ) has great , fresh selection with perfect pairings .	raw fish-	neutral
Also try the burricotta- house made combo of burrata & ricotta ( I think I could eat that every day ) .	burricotta-	neutral
Also try the burricotta- house made combo of burrata & ricotta ( I think I could eat that every day ) .	burrata & ricotta	neutral
This was the first time I 've ever had cuba food and It was quite delicious !	cuba food	neutral
This small restaurant is full of energy and a friendly staff .	restaurant	neutral
This small restaurant is full of energy and a friendly staff .	staff	neutral
While waiting on our table , one of the cookers offered us some plantain chips he had just made since he over heard how hungry we were .	cookers	neutral
The patio is a small intimate setting , like eating in someones backyard on a summer night .	patio	neutral
The portions were small for the price they were asking for , but they were bursting with flavor .	portions	neutral
I would recommend the Guava BBQ short ribs , so tender it just melts in your mouth and the Habanero glazed calamari ( best calamari I 've had to date . )	Guava BBQ short ribs	neutral
I would recommend the Guava BBQ short ribs , so tender it just melts in your mouth and the Habanero glazed calamari ( best calamari I 've had to date . )	Habanero glazed	neutral
I would recommend the Guava BBQ short ribs , so tender it just melts in your mouth and the Habanero glazed calamari ( best calamari I 've had to date . )	calamari	neutral
I found the appetizers were better than the entrees .	appetizers	neutral
The appetizers were full of complex flavours while the entrees were very one dimensional .	appetizers	neutral
The appetizers were full of complex flavours while the entrees were very one dimensional .	entrees	neutral
Overall , This place is good to have a good food and some drinks .	food	neutral
Great place amazing customer service and food !	place	neutral
Great place amazing customer service and food !	customer service	neutral
Great place amazing customer service and food !	food	neutral
This place is very clean and the pho is amazing !	place	neutral
This place is very clean and the pho is amazing !	pho	neutral
My wife and I had the spring rolls which were Nom Nom !	spring rolls	neutral
I had the # 23 meatball and beef the noodles and meat	meatball	neutral
Plus they have some good beers !	beers	neutral
onion rings that were drenched in oil just covered my plate in oil .	onion rings	neutral
The Onion itself was hard like the end part of The Onion my diet coke tasted like iron water .	Onion	neutral
Server brought me ice tea as replacement .	Server	neutral
the Burger was a burnt	Burger	neutral
what happened to this place .	place	neutral
Food is delicious , been to a lot of Korean restaurants in Calgary and this is one of the best .	Food	neutral
On top of delicious food , fast service never fails me ( which is very rare ) .	food	neutral
On top of delicious food , fast service never fails me ( which is very rare ) .	service	neutral
The food at Ommas was actually pretty good -	food	neutral
we had gyozas and pickled veggies as starters and chicken bulgogi	gyozas	neutral
In my opinion , the leaf was redundant .	leaf	neutral
On that evening , the waiting staff unfortunately did not seem very motivated .	waiting staff	neutral
Last but not least , our dinner at Omma was surprisingly pricey .	Omma	neutral
I 'm a sucker for a nice patio .	patio	neutral
( Likely due to lack of age of the building . )	building	neutral
Service was solid , food was acceptable gringo - Mex , and the people with mixed drinks seemed to like them .	Service	neutral
Service was solid , food was acceptable gringo - Mex , and the people with mixed drinks seemed to like them .	food	neutral
Service was solid , food was acceptable gringo - Mex , and the people with mixed drinks seemed to like them .	mixed drinks	neutral
( As long as the Negro Modelo is cold and the glass around the lip of the bottle is n't chipped , it 's on par with every other one I 've ever had , so I really ca n't judge the drinks . )	Negro Modelo	neutral
( As long as the Negro Modelo is cold and the glass around the lip of the bottle is n't chipped , it 's on par with every other one I 've ever had , so I really ca n't judge the drinks . )	bottle	neutral
I would never choose this place based on food alone - but when you have a group and the weather is patio - rific , if 's not a bad choice at all !	food	neutral
Well , I 've always been pleased in the pasr .	pasr	neutral
Ordered nuts and the diablo chicken sandwich .	diablo chicken sandwich	neutral
Sandwich was fantastic , but service left everything to be desired .	Sandwich	neutral
Sandwich was fantastic , but service left everything to be desired .	service	neutral
Best BBQ and amazing people !	BBQ	neutral
Best BBQ and amazing people !	people	neutral
You must try the fried okra !	fried okra	neutral
5/12/18 Bread and pesto olive oil was a nice start .	Bread and	neutral
5/12/18 Bread and pesto olive oil was a nice start .	pesto olive oil	neutral
The tropical heat martini was outstanding !	tropical heat martini	neutral
The new cosmos was good too .	new cosmos	neutral
The wedge salad and crab cakes were good .	wedge salad	neutral
The wedge salad and crab cakes were good .	crab cakes	neutral
Service was extremely slow and our waiter kept forgetting to bring things or check on us .	Service	neutral
Service was extremely slow and our waiter kept forgetting to bring things or check on us .	waiter	neutral
The atmosphere was not as good as expected for menu options and prices .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere was not as good as expected for menu options and prices .	menu	neutral
The scallops were small and lacked flavor .	scallops	neutral
Shrimp had a good taste .	Shrimp	neutral
Au gratin potatoes were awesome , mashed potatoes not bad .	Au gratin potatoes	neutral
Sea bass had good flavor .	Sea bass	neutral
My latest quest to find the finest pizzas in south central Wisconsin took me to the sleepy burg of Cross Plains ( nobody said this job was going to be glamorous ) .	pizzas	neutral
com certificate to Tano 's Pizza burning a hole in my pocket and a last minute cancellation of my daughter 's soccer practice meant I had time to make the 45 minute round trip to Cross Plains .	Tano 's Pizza	neutral
The staff is friendly and happily accommodated my request get the Monday special price ( a large two topping pizza for $ 8 . 95 ) with two different toppings on each side of the pizza .	staff	neutral
The staff is friendly and happily accommodated my request get the Monday special price ( a large two topping pizza for $ 8 . 95 ) with two different toppings on each side of the pizza .	two	neutral
The staff is friendly and happily accommodated my request get the Monday special price ( a large two topping pizza for $ 8 . 95 ) with two different toppings on each side of the pizza .	pizza	neutral
After applying my certificate , the net cost of the 16 " two topping pizza was $ 4 .	16 "	neutral
After applying my certificate , the net cost of the 16 " two topping pizza was $ 4 .	two topping	neutral
After applying my certificate , the net cost of the 16 " two topping pizza was $ 4 .	pizza	neutral
, so I give Tano 's gets extremely high marks for cost - effectiveness .	Tano 's	neutral
The pizza was piping hot when I picked it up 20 minutes after ordering it .	pizza	neutral
When I flipped the top of the pizza box , I was impressed with the quantity of ingredients .	pizza box	neutral
When I flipped the top of the pizza box , I was impressed with the quantity of ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
My half of the pizza was loaded with sausage and mushrooms .	pizza	neutral
Mounds of extra cheese covered my daughter 's half , along with a sprinkling of feta .	feta	neutral
The crust of the pizza was largely flavorless and VERY chewy .	crust	neutral
The crust of the pizza was largely flavorless and VERY chewy .	pizza	neutral
I appreciated the crust was not doughy in the center of the pie , despite a heavy load of toppings .	crust	neutral
I appreciated the crust was not doughy in the center of the pie , despite a heavy load of toppings .	toppings	neutral
The sauce lacked any brightness -	sauce	neutral
Sauce volume was adequate given the topping load .	Sauce volume	neutral
Sauce volume was adequate given the topping load .	topping	neutral
The quality of the sausage topping was sub - par - it added practically no flavor .	sausage topping	neutral
This pizza was crying out for a little oregano or fennel .	pizza	neutral
The cheese quality was adequate , low on flavor , but not overly greasy .	cheese	neutral
While this is not pizza you want to serve to impress your friends , it is a cost - effective way to feed a gaggle of hungry teens when quantity is more important than quality .	pizza	neutral
Super cool spot with underwhelming food .	spot	neutral
Super cool spot with underwhelming food .	food	neutral
Got the queso fundido .	queso fundido	neutral
Margarita was meh .	Margarita	neutral
Hot taco has better and just as big of margaritas for $ 2 .	Hot	neutral
Hot taco has better and just as big of margaritas for $ 2 .	margaritas	neutral
Such a shame for such a cool restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Was in the line and checking out what others were ordering and found a couple big guys ordering small salad .	salad	neutral
I thought that was crazy as salad in general is not filling .	salad	neutral
Chicken is good .	Chicken	neutral
Meaty warm and juicy ( not jerky like ) .	Meaty	neutral
Love the sweet potato .	sweet potato	neutral
Personal preference I am always not a big fan of the Greek vine thing with rice stuffing personally , of the cheese , or the hummus , which I do n't have to pay extra ... so ca n't complain ...	Greek vine thing with rice stuffing	neutral
Personal preference I am always not a big fan of the Greek vine thing with rice stuffing personally , of the cheese , or the hummus , which I do n't have to pay extra ... so ca n't complain ...	cheese	neutral
Personal preference I am always not a big fan of the Greek vine thing with rice stuffing personally , of the cheese , or the hummus , which I do n't have to pay extra ... so ca n't complain ...	hummus	neutral
This place is the best Sushi bowl place me and my wife have been to .	Sushi bowl	neutral
The food was great but even more than that , the reason I 'd come back is for the staff .	food	neutral
The food was great but even more than that , the reason I 'd come back is for the staff .	staff	neutral
The staff were first class .	staff	neutral
They have great happy hour specials .	happy hour specials	neutral
I had their lollipop wings for 10 . 00 which were delicious .	lollipop wings	neutral
Probably some of the Best wings I 've had in awhile .	wings	neutral
Their happy hour also has wines , beers , and select cocktails on special .	happy	neutral
My friend had the slider which was good but small .	slider	neutral
Can watch sports but this is n't a great sports bar .	sports bar	neutral
My favorite Starbucks !	Starbucks	neutral
fhat I always seem to run into , all with resonant , distinct snores .	snores	neutral
I love the tiramisu snow cakes and matcha latte here .	tiramisu	neutral
I love the tiramisu snow cakes and matcha latte here .	snow cakes	neutral
I love the tiramisu snow cakes and matcha latte here .	matcha latte	neutral
Remember to request the latte art .	latte	neutral
My gate is right beside The Hearth and the convenience with minimal departure time , I figure a simple tea and salad ca n't be bad .	tea	neutral
My gate is right beside The Hearth and the convenience with minimal departure time , I figure a simple tea and salad ca n't be bad .	salad	neutral
The place is big , open , clean with not dirty dishes in sight but plenty of service ...	place	neutral
The place is big , open , clean with not dirty dishes in sight but plenty of service ...	dishes	neutral
The place is big , open , clean with not dirty dishes in sight but plenty of service ...	service	neutral
I had my salad done and quite a large size for typical airport food .	salad	neutral
For $ 15 , the salad had plenty of interesting texture from crisp spinach , crunchy sunflower seeds , crumbly salty feta , pickled beets , and falafel .	salad	neutral
For $ 15 , the salad had plenty of interesting texture from crisp spinach , crunchy sunflower seeds , crumbly salty feta , pickled beets , and falafel .	spinach	neutral
For $ 15 , the salad had plenty of interesting texture from crisp spinach , crunchy sunflower seeds , crumbly salty feta , pickled beets , and falafel .	sunflower	neutral
For $ 15 , the salad had plenty of interesting texture from crisp spinach , crunchy sunflower seeds , crumbly salty feta , pickled beets , and falafel .	feta	neutral
Possibly not ... the falafel was cold and a little stale .	falafel	neutral
The flavour was n't terrible but instead of crunchy crispy interior with a highly spiced nice interior ... doughy and soft .	interior	neutral
The service is much better than others have reported .	service	neutral
I got my tea in 3 minutes and the gentleman working the area hustled .	gentleman	neutral
I 'd be willing try this place again .. perhaps a different item	place	neutral
Great coffee , pleasant atmosphere ...	coffee	neutral
Great coffee , pleasant atmosphere ...	atmosphere	neutral
everything I look for in a coffee shop !	coffee	neutral
I tried two drinks , the mojito and the margarita and neither were very good .	mojito	neutral
I tried two drinks , the mojito and the margarita and neither were very good .	margarita	neutral
My boyfriend ordered the thai sliders and the poke .	thai sliders	neutral
I ordered the clam chowder and the barbecued shrimp .	barbecued shrimp	neutral
The poke was like most others we 've had , the chowder more bland than some of the best I 've had , and , while I liked the barbecued shrimp more than my boyfriend did , it definitely was n't a " bbq " style sauce like expected .	poke	neutral
The poke was like most others we 've had , the chowder more bland than some of the best I 've had , and , while I liked the barbecued shrimp more than my boyfriend did , it definitely was n't a " bbq " style sauce like expected .	chowder	neutral
The poke was like most others we 've had , the chowder more bland than some of the best I 've had , and , while I liked the barbecued shrimp more than my boyfriend did , it definitely was n't a " bbq " style sauce like expected .	barbecued shrimp	neutral
Ordering food automatically got us some cornbread with butter that we both really liked and the service was good , but I do n't think we 'll be back .	cornbread with butter	neutral
Ordering food automatically got us some cornbread with butter that we both really liked and the service was good , but I do n't think we 'll be back .	service	neutral
Best Del Taco experience to date .	Del Taco	neutral
I like that the crew was older , and not all teenagers .	crew	neutral
This crew seemed to really care about the food , and its presentation .	food	neutral
There were full baskets of taco sauce on each table , and the kitchen area was clean .	kitchen area	neutral
You just can not beat the fresh taste of their food , and the low price .	food	neutral
Definitely one of the best places to have Dosa in Scarborough !	Dosa	neutral
I especially love the Rava Dosa , The Kara Dosa ( Spicy ) & The Coriander Dosa	Rava Dosa	neutral
I especially love the Rava Dosa , The Kara Dosa ( Spicy ) & The Coriander Dosa	Kara Dosa ( Spicy )	neutral
I especially love the Rava Dosa , The Kara Dosa ( Spicy ) & The Coriander Dosa	Coriander Dosa	neutral
Definitely try the Filtered Coffee to finish off your meal if you 're a fan of lattes .	Filtered Coffee	neutral
Let me just say that , this place is suuuuuper cheap ! ! !	place	neutral
And when I see cheap food , I try not to have high expectations .	food	neutral
Although I was sad that the prime rib is only served after 4 pm .	prime rib	neutral
I got a patty melt with fries .	fries	neutral
The bread was crispy and buttery .	bread	neutral
The patty was not dry .	patty	neutral
There was a good amount of cheese and onions .	cheese	neutral
The fries were good .	fries	neutral
Service was great .	Service	neutral
No biggie , we took a seat at the bar and ordered a few cocktails which were really good .	cocktails	neutral
We shared a cheese burger and prosciutto pizza which were both amazing !	cheese burger	neutral
We shared a cheese burger and prosciutto pizza which were both amazing !	prosciutto pizza	neutral
The burger 's cheese and bun are made from scratch in house , and the burger chuck is ground with veal bone marrow which made it really juicy and full of flavour .	burger	neutral
The burger 's cheese and bun are made from scratch in house , and the burger chuck is ground with veal bone marrow which made it really juicy and full of flavour .	bun	neutral
The burger 's cheese and bun are made from scratch in house , and the burger chuck is ground with veal bone marrow which made it really juicy and full of flavour .	burger chuck	neutral
The burger was cooked to a perfect medium doneness and The fries that Accompanied it were crisp on the outside , tender on the inside and tasted really good .	burger	neutral
The burger was cooked to a perfect medium doneness and The fries that Accompanied it were crisp on the outside , tender on the inside and tasted really good .	fries	neutral
This place has a wood burning pizza oven and The prosciutto pizza that came out of it was amazing !	pizza oven	neutral
This place has a wood burning pizza oven and The prosciutto pizza that came out of it was amazing !	prosciutto pizza	neutral
The thin crust was crisp , and nicely charred , and the combination and amount of prosciutto , arugula , basil , tomato , mascarpone was well balanced .	thin crust	neutral
The thin crust was crisp , and nicely charred , and the combination and amount of prosciutto , arugula , basil , tomato , mascarpone was well balanced .	prosciutto , arugula , basil , tomato , mascarpone	neutral
A few drops of the chilli oil took it another level .	chilli oil	neutral
The service was really good , and I really liked the ambiance .	service	neutral
The service was really good , and I really liked the ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
Enjoyed a great meal here with my wife last Friday night .	meal	neutral
We had the seafood pasta and the spinach ravioli , both were delicious .	seafood pasta	neutral
We had the seafood pasta and the spinach ravioli , both were delicious .	spinach ravioli	neutral
I thought the place was extremely cute and chic like I actually was in Paris !	place	neutral
The starting price for some of those boxes are $ 55 or more depending on the size and is actually good to get a box because the desserts are very delicate	boxes	neutral
The starting price for some of those boxes are $ 55 or more depending on the size and is actually good to get a box because the desserts are very delicate	desserts	neutral
I think the boxes would be good for like a high price gift but if you 're just taking them to go or dining there	boxes	neutral
Personally the boxes should be cheaper my opinion but other than that I would definitely go back if I want to have a little expensive dessert and maybe eventually I will dine there with a friend or my mother	dessert	neutral
I think it would be a cute place to have high tea !	place	neutral
The place is actually worth the money !	place	neutral
A regular here so 2 stars for the food and drinks .	food	neutral
A regular here so 2 stars for the food and drinks .	drinks	neutral
This establishment exceeded my expectations which were very high .	establishment	neutral
The food is exceptionally savory .	food	neutral
The pork wings very meaty , tender with a tangy sauce .	pork wings	neutral
The pork wings very meaty , tender with a tangy sauce .	sauce	neutral
Also had the stuffed peppers with plentiful meaty and spicy sausage .	stuffed peppers	neutral
Also had the stuffed peppers with plentiful meaty and spicy sausage .	meaty and	neutral
Also had the stuffed peppers with plentiful meaty and spicy sausage .	spicy sausage	neutral
Corncakes with with thick pork belly was great too .	Corncakes with with thick pork belly	neutral
I could not recommend this charming and fun place and higher 5 Stars	place	neutral
The manager , Angelo , has the place running great !	manager	neutral
The manager , Angelo , has the place running great !	Angelo	neutral
Our server , Jesse , created a dining experience for us that was delicious with dishes ranging from raw sushi to masterfully - cooked prawn to a palette - cleansing dessert .	dishes	neutral
Our server , Jesse , created a dining experience for us that was delicious with dishes ranging from raw sushi to masterfully - cooked prawn to a palette - cleansing dessert .	raw sushi	neutral
Our server , Jesse , created a dining experience for us that was delicious with dishes ranging from raw sushi to masterfully - cooked prawn to a palette - cleansing dessert .	prawn	neutral
Our server , Jesse , created a dining experience for us that was delicious with dishes ranging from raw sushi to masterfully - cooked prawn to a palette - cleansing dessert .	dessert	neutral
We definitely recommend this restaurant !	restaurant	neutral
The beer is great !	beer	neutral
It was an easy drinking beer that compliments a hot day .	beer	neutral
OMB is family friendly so bring the kids and hang friends .	OMB	neutral
By far the best steakhouse in town .	steakhouse	neutral
I love their chicken , it 's very well seasoned .	chicken	neutral
The service is amazing and attentive .	service	neutral
All the desserts are delicious , especially the butter cake and crem br短l辿e .	desserts	neutral
All the desserts are delicious , especially the butter cake and crem br短l辿e .	butter cake	neutral
All the desserts are delicious , especially the butter cake and crem br短l辿e .	crem br短l辿e	neutral
The noise level is a little loud at times but the food and the service well makes up for it .	noise	neutral
The noise level is a little loud at times but the food and the service well makes up for it .	food	neutral
The noise level is a little loud at times but the food and the service well makes up for it .	service	neutral
Horrible service ... cold food ... good thing beers come in cans .	service	neutral
Horrible service ... cold food ... good thing beers come in cans .	food	neutral
Horrible service ... cold food ... good thing beers come in cans .	beers	neutral
Bugs in mixed drinks ...	mixed drinks	neutral
bar rescue could n't save this hell hole .	bar	neutral
I think I got the fruity pebble and a milk duds scoop .	fruity pebble	neutral
I think I got the fruity pebble and a milk duds scoop .	milk duds scoop	neutral
Maybe my experience was colored by the many great Sam Woo restaurants in California , but this location is just average .	Sam Woo	neutral
In the end , I do n't think the food is so bad that the whole restaurant deserves only two stars , but I will agree that it is not quite up to par with most Cantonese restaurants .	food	neutral
The eating bowls , plates , and cups were plastic , not ceramic , and looked a little cheap to be honest ( and were this strange light blue color ) .	eating bowls	neutral
The eating bowls , plates , and cups were plastic , not ceramic , and looked a little cheap to be honest ( and were this strange light blue color ) .	plates	neutral
The eating bowls , plates , and cups were plastic , not ceramic , and looked a little cheap to be honest ( and were this strange light blue color ) .	cups	neutral
I was surprised that the presentation of the dishes was so lackluster , given the pride the people from this region of China usually have about their food .	presentation	neutral
I was surprised that the presentation of the dishes was so lackluster , given the pride the people from this region of China usually have about their food .	dishes	neutral
I was surprised that the presentation of the dishes was so lackluster , given the pride the people from this region of China usually have about their food .	food	neutral
As for the food itself , it was decent but a bit too salty and oily , even for Chinese food .	food	neutral
The menu was extensive but it was lacking some of the more prestigious / premium dishes , and where were all the quality soups ?	menu	neutral
The menu was extensive but it was lacking some of the more prestigious / premium dishes , and where were all the quality soups ?	dishes	neutral
The menu was extensive but it was lacking some of the more prestigious / premium dishes , and where were all the quality soups ?	soups	neutral
We ordered a vegetable dish , a tofu dish , a beef dish , a BBQ plate , and soup to share ( see photos / captions ) .	tofu	neutral
We ordered a vegetable dish , a tofu dish , a beef dish , a BBQ plate , and soup to share ( see photos / captions ) .	beef dish	neutral
The interior of the restaurant is still relatively nice looking , though not as sleek as some other Cantonese places .	interior	neutral
The interior of the restaurant is still relatively nice looking , though not as sleek as some other Cantonese places .	restaurant	neutral
And while some others have mentioned poor service , I thought that the service during our meal was fairly attentive from both waiters to bussers ( maybe it helps if you speak Mandarin or Cantonese ) .	service	neutral
And while some others have mentioned poor service , I thought that the service during our meal was fairly attentive from both waiters to bussers ( maybe it helps if you speak Mandarin or Cantonese ) .	service	neutral
And while some others have mentioned poor service , I thought that the service during our meal was fairly attentive from both waiters to bussers ( maybe it helps if you speak Mandarin or Cantonese ) .	waiters	neutral
And while some others have mentioned poor service , I thought that the service during our meal was fairly attentive from both waiters to bussers ( maybe it helps if you speak Mandarin or Cantonese ) .	bussers	neutral
This Sam Woo is not terrible by any means	Sam Woo	neutral
If a place has more than just a few reviews by regular Yelpers , there is reason to take stock .	place	neutral
The waiter explained when he brought us our check that gratuity was already included .	waiter	neutral
Its hard not to get the Gyro dinner every time .	Gyro dinner	neutral
I do try to give all the menu items a try from time to time .	menu	neutral
We head to Gyro Express when we want simply good Greek food .	Greek food	neutral
Nice lunch here at the bar .	bar	neutral
Shared the pizza margarita and salad with a friend , and the bartender hooked us up with excellent drinks .	pizza margarita	neutral
Shared the pizza margarita and salad with a friend , and the bartender hooked us up with excellent drinks .	salad	neutral
Shared the pizza margarita and salad with a friend , and the bartender hooked us up with excellent drinks .	bartender	neutral
Shared the pizza margarita and salad with a friend , and the bartender hooked us up with excellent drinks .	drinks	neutral
Turned me on to Cavalli vodka too , which was excellent .	Cavalli vodka	neutral
The good : building is very nice and spacious .	building	neutral
Patio is nice as well looking right out to the center of Hingetown .	Patio	neutral
Beers are pretty good .	Beers	neutral
Some unique beer glasses as well .	beer glasses	neutral
The New Haven clam pizza for $ 23 was not a good pizza in any way .	New Haven clam pizza	neutral
Was a wafer thin crispy crust with no chew .	crust	neutral
I 'm all for thin crust , but not this New Haven style .	thin crust	neutral
It 's too thin and the red pizzas have too much sauce for this thin crust as well .	red pizzas	neutral
I got a scope of strawberry ice cream , which was great .	strawberry ice cream	neutral
I had the carnitas and they were super bland and flavorless .	carnitas	neutral
Carnitas should never be dry .	Carnitas	neutral
So I went back up to get some salsa to bring in a little more flavor and moisture , and they charged me 50 cents for salsa !	salsa	neutral
So I went back up to get some salsa to bring in a little more flavor and moisture , and they charged me 50 cents for salsa !	salsa	neutral
The tacos were already $ 3 .	tacos	neutral
I would not go back to this food truck .	food truck	neutral
Not the largest menu .	menu	neutral
Not the widest selection of beers from every land .	beers	neutral
Not the finest interior .	interior	neutral
It is simply the finest brewpub because it clearly is 端berpassionate about beer , excels in the craft , offers the widest selection of unique brewed - on - premises beer I 've ever seen , has not gotten commercial , is just the right size , and happens to have a narrow menu of well execute food .	brewpub	neutral
It is simply the finest brewpub because it clearly is 端berpassionate about beer , excels in the craft , offers the widest selection of unique brewed - on - premises beer I 've ever seen , has not gotten commercial , is just the right size , and happens to have a narrow menu of well execute food .	beer	neutral
It is simply the finest brewpub because it clearly is 端berpassionate about beer , excels in the craft , offers the widest selection of unique brewed - on - premises beer I 've ever seen , has not gotten commercial , is just the right size , and happens to have a narrow menu of well execute food .	food	neutral
The bar staff explains each beer in detail and offers tastes , although they also sell a sample size .	bar staff	neutral
From the pub , you can see the 500L tanks where the beer is fermented and held for maturation .	beer	neutral
Great place great vibe amazing salad everything made fresh love this place	place	neutral
Great place great vibe amazing salad everything made fresh love this place	vibe	neutral
Great place great vibe amazing salad everything made fresh love this place	salad	neutral
Great place great vibe amazing salad everything made fresh love this place	place	neutral
Did I mention they have a spaghetti sandwich OMG so good	spaghetti sandwich	neutral
This location is my favorite I always drive thru before a day at the Downtown Summerlin Mall ...	location	neutral
the drinks are superb and the staff so gracious ....	drinks	neutral
the drinks are superb and the staff so gracious ....	staff	neutral
Matty the barista makes me feel like Royalty ! ! ! !	barista	neutral
Amazing service !	service	neutral
Both Ted and Dan were the funniest bartenders we 've ever encountered !	Ted	neutral
Amazing suggestions and great beer !	beer	neutral
I normally love this location , but lately the service seems to be going down hill as well as the quality of the food .	service	neutral
I normally love this location , but lately the service seems to be going down hill as well as the quality of the food .	food	neutral
I order a grilled chicken sandwich and it came out quite charred .	grilled chicken sandwich	neutral
the grill it alters the foods appearance and quality .	grill	neutral
the grill it alters the foods appearance and quality .	foods	neutral
I do not want charred bits all over my food .	food	neutral
I just want clean kitchen appliances to cook my food .	kitchen	neutral
Please do not be lazy about cleaning the kitchen .	kitchen	neutral
I ordered the soup , which was a hearty miso based vegetable lentil , with lots of greens and packed with flavour .	soup	neutral
The space is really clean and relaxing , there is seating for about 4 people , but like I said , it 's styled as a take - out place ( so you know , you could hypothetically take stuff out , and eat in the park . )	space	neutral
There are fresh herbs in a wall - mounted garden ( that look absolutely lovely ) .	herbs	neutral
There are fresh herbs in a wall - mounted garden ( that look absolutely lovely ) .	garden	neutral
They also have a useful website that actually gives you the information	website	neutral
I 've come to expect raw cakes to be delicious , and Feel Good Guru 's cake was no exception .	raw cakes	neutral
In fact ... it was even better than I expected it to be ( and the raw bar is raised pretty high already . )	raw	neutral
well actually , a lot rocky .. but , after going to the manager , Wendell , he made everything right and after that our expectations were exceeded !	manager	neutral
well actually , a lot rocky .. but , after going to the manager , Wendell , he made everything right and after that our expectations were exceeded !	Wendell	neutral
Our waiter , Juan was so nice , funny and very attentive !	waiter	neutral
Our waiter , Juan was so nice , funny and very attentive !	Juan	neutral
I wo nt even mention the issues we had because I feel that Wendell and Juan made up for it	Wendell	neutral
I wo nt even mention the issues we had because I feel that Wendell and Juan made up for it	Juan	neutral
Meat a bit tough on the tacos .	Meat	neutral
Meat a bit tough on the tacos .	tacos	neutral
Little cheese on the quesadilla .	quesadilla	neutral
First off , can we all take a moment to appreciate a perfectly crafted cocktail this drink was so tasty with a great hint of minty freshness	cocktail	neutral
First off , can we all take a moment to appreciate a perfectly crafted cocktail this drink was so tasty with a great hint of minty freshness	drink	neutral
My main course was a perfectly seasoned and prepared mahi mahi paired with local Carolina gold rice with lump crab then garnished with a juicy and spicy pineapple sofrito .	mahi mahi	neutral
My main course was a perfectly seasoned and prepared mahi mahi paired with local Carolina gold rice with lump crab then garnished with a juicy and spicy pineapple sofrito .	lump crab	neutral
Also , the atmosphere was very rustic and quaint .	atmosphere	neutral
Food is reasonably priced and quite good quality and tasteful .	Food	neutral
One thing I did n't like about this place is that they are understaffed .	place	neutral
JG steakhouse is a consistently amazing restaurant .	JG steakhouse	neutral
The food is always fabulous-	food	neutral
I especially like the wagyu filet mignon , the bacon wrapped shrimp , and the Mac and cheese .	wagyu	neutral
I especially like the wagyu filet mignon , the bacon wrapped shrimp , and the Mac and cheese .	filet mignon	neutral
I especially like the wagyu filet mignon , the bacon wrapped shrimp , and the Mac and cheese .	bacon wrapped shrimp	neutral
I especially like the wagyu filet mignon , the bacon wrapped shrimp , and the Mac and cheese .	Mac and cheese	neutral
The sauces that accompany the steak are delicious , the soy miso butter sauce is one of the best sauces I have ever had .	sauces	neutral
The sauces that accompany the steak are delicious , the soy miso butter sauce is one of the best sauces I have ever had .	soy miso butter sauce	neutral
Sitting at the bar for dinner is a must , as Darren , Mike , and Gary are some of the best bartenders in Vegas !	Mike	neutral
All the drinks on the menu are delicious , but if you do n't see something you like or want to try something new they would be glad to give you a recommendation or make you something special .	drinks	neutral
All the drinks on the menu are delicious , but if you do n't see something you like or want to try something new they would be glad to give you a recommendation or make you something special .	menu	neutral
The fries here are good but fries alone are not going to make me return .	fries	neutral
Unfortunately , the service was very poor .	service	neutral
Thankfully the manager was around and he took care of our order even before our waitress came .	manager	neutral
The food is good but is nothing that I would be craving .	food	neutral
I would still recommend the apple gorgonzola salad which was great !	apple gorgonzola salad	neutral
The wife and I love Zebra -- sure , it is n't the sort of place you 'd go every month given the cost , but we 've been very pleased with the experience the three times we 've gone .	place	neutral
the Lamb Diablo - a dish	Lamb Diablo	neutral
Zebra will continue to be a favorite -- a once - in - a - while restaurant for when we 're feeling in the mood for a special night out .	Zebra	neutral
I quite enjoyed everything about this restaurant , but I thought it was a bit overpriced .	restaurant	neutral
The ambiance is just great .	ambiance	neutral
and I really liked the dark , intimate and kitschy chic vibe .	chic	neutral
and I really liked the dark , intimate and kitschy chic vibe .	vibe	neutral
The service was very good and he was very nice , despite the fact that the rest of my party was half an hour late ( never trust the Greyhound to be on time ! ) , and we all had some kind of deathly food allergy .	service	neutral
The bathrooms are unisex with separate stalls , including at least one where the wall is a foggy mirror , which is disconcerting at best .	bathrooms	neutral
The food was tasty , but the portions were small considering the price .	food	neutral
The food was tasty , but the portions were small considering the price .	portions	neutral
I ordered the lamb , which was good , but not anything out of the ordinary .	lamb	neutral
There were a lot of good things about this place , but they were offset by others things that brought the experience down .	place	neutral
My hubby and I LOVE Sushi .	Sushi	neutral
This place is definitely NOT our favorite .	place	neutral
Too much rice on rolls .	rice	neutral
Too much rice on rolls .	rolls	neutral
Rolls are loose and fall apart easy .	Rolls	neutral
And overall taste of the sushi was EH .	sushi	neutral
Tomo near by is much better ! !	Tomo	neutral
I sometimes rely on YELP reviews especially when it involves food because people are truth tellers when it come to yummy or crappy food .	food	neutral
Paradise Valley Burgers is a small location that packs a might punch with their burgers and sides .	burgers	neutral
Paradise Valley Burgers is a small location that packs a might punch with their burgers and sides .	sides	neutral
Order a Paradise Burgers with everything and sweet tots and for my son in law a meat and cheese burger with seasoned fries and it was the bomb , great flavors on all items , hot and good portions of sides .	sweet tots	neutral
Order a Paradise Burgers with everything and sweet tots and for my son in law a meat and cheese burger with seasoned fries and it was the bomb , great flavors on all items , hot and good portions of sides .	meat and cheese burger with	neutral
Order a Paradise Burgers with everything and sweet tots and for my son in law a meat and cheese burger with seasoned fries and it was the bomb , great flavors on all items , hot and good portions of sides .	seasoned fries	neutral
Order a Paradise Burgers with everything and sweet tots and for my son in law a meat and cheese burger with seasoned fries and it was the bomb , great flavors on all items , hot and good portions of sides .	portions	neutral
Order a Paradise Burgers with everything and sweet tots and for my son in law a meat and cheese burger with seasoned fries and it was the bomb , great flavors on all items , hot and good portions of sides .	sides	neutral
The burger was very flavorful , the bun was soft , the fries were crunchy & crispy , while moist and filled with potato flavor , without being over - cooked !	burger	neutral
The burger was very flavorful , the bun was soft , the fries were crunchy & crispy , while moist and filled with potato flavor , without being over - cooked !	bun	neutral
The burger was very flavorful , the bun was soft , the fries were crunchy & crispy , while moist and filled with potato flavor , without being over - cooked !	fries	neutral
Really good crispy , but not overdone fries like this are not easy to make !	fries	neutral
To finish off the meal I got a ( small ! ) shake , and it was fantastic too !	shake	neutral
And if atmosphere means anything to you , you 'll find it 's great too !	atmosphere	neutral
Absolutely not what I was expecting from " fast food " at all .	fast food	neutral
As far as I could tell , everything was made from fresh , basic , simple , REAL food .	food	neutral
I 'm confident that if they do , they 're made from the same kind of fresh and tasty ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
Never tried this type of food before .... was blown away by the flavors .	food	neutral
That white sauce !	sauce	neutral
Finally get to try this place !	place	neutral
Food are amazing !	Food	neutral
Bison burger tastes like its made from heaven , friendly staff , from owners to their kitchen guys everyone are so nice !	Bison burger	neutral
Bison burger tastes like its made from heaven , friendly staff , from owners to their kitchen guys everyone are so nice !	staff	neutral
Bison burger tastes like its made from heaven , friendly staff , from owners to their kitchen guys everyone are so nice !	kitchen	neutral
My food was completely up to par , so nothing wrong at all with that .	food	neutral
The staff was definitely not happy to be there , even though it was a Saturday , I can understand but there is no need to be blatantly cynical and negative in front of the customers .	staff	neutral
Crappy customer service ! !	customer service	neutral
We loved the food .	food	neutral
The true test will be the Hamachi Kama and the premium Sashimi platter .	Hamachi Kama	neutral
The true test will be the Hamachi Kama and the premium Sashimi platter .	Sashimi platter	neutral
Also they have a Raw bar that 's another thing that caught our attention .	Raw bar	neutral
We love our seafood .	seafood	neutral
We had a cocktail in the lounge area , which was a great size , compared to the tiny cocktails you pay $ 17 for .	lounge area	neutral
Once we sat down our first appetizer was a platter that had cocktail shrimp , king crab , and oysters	cocktail shrimp	neutral
It was soo much food , but the still sent out dessert , all of them were very very good .	dessert	neutral
But the bananas foster was AMAZING !	bananas foster	neutral
Service was great too ! !	Service	neutral
This is a place I will definitely go back to and recommend anyone to eat there !	place	neutral
The food is a sampling of Asia from Korea to Vietnam and it 's all excellent .	food	neutral
Also everyone who works here is high , so the food takes a while	food	neutral
* rounded up , because the staff here is always super nice to us , often when long lines full of the Tuk 's most impatient people are having complete meltdowns .	staff	neutral
Anyway , their prices can be high , and they do n't carry Boar 's Head cold cuts - important for Scott because they offer low and no sodium options , and for me because I 'm picky AF - but I do like their produce and it is close .	Boar 's	neutral
Anyway , their prices can be high , and they do n't carry Boar 's Head cold cuts - important for Scott because they offer low and no sodium options , and for me because I 'm picky AF - but I do like their produce and it is close .	produce	neutral
Finally , their flowers are very nice .	flowers	neutral
In all , it is a close by , has a Starbucks , is a well stocked store with kind employees : we wo n't let grown ups throwing hissy fits over a line deter us !	employees	neutral
The food was pretty good ... hot , fresh n tasty .	food	neutral
However , their service was a little poor and prices were a bit on the high side .	service	neutral
Good , fast Chinese food .	Chinese food	neutral
I think the owner is the one who takes order , very polite and answered questions about some dishes offered .	dishes	neutral
I 've already reviewed this place , but it seems to have gone missing ! ? ! ?	place	neutral
The curries are sooooo good	curries	neutral
the Pad Thai is a little on the sweet side , which is fine by me .	Pad Thai	neutral
Absolutely amazing dinner !	dinner	neutral
We enjoyed many of the appetizers and split them between a group of four .	appetizers	neutral
Lobster Tuna Flatbread and BBQ Chicken Flatbread were fabulous ! ! !	Lobster Tuna Flatbread	neutral
Lobster Tuna Flatbread and BBQ Chicken Flatbread were fabulous ! ! !	BBQ Chicken Flatbread	neutral
Sparkling White Sangria was refreshing and light .	Sparkling White Sangria	neutral
The manager was delightful and we could n't have had a better experience !	manager	neutral
Awesome patio too ! ! !	patio	neutral
Just had their Beef and Mushroom on rice special for dinner for $ 6 .	Beef and Mushroom on rice	neutral
Same old service as usual .	service	neutral
The dish was okay , nothing majorly tasty , but does the job for the price you pay .	dish	neutral
I took 1/2 of it home just because everything ( soup , drink , salad ) was too much to eat for one meal especially late at night unless you want to gain weight , have nightmares or both : D.	soup	neutral
I took 1/2 of it home just because everything ( soup , drink , salad ) was too much to eat for one meal especially late at night unless you want to gain weight , have nightmares or both : D.	drink	neutral
I took 1/2 of it home just because everything ( soup , drink , salad ) was too much to eat for one meal especially late at night unless you want to gain weight , have nightmares or both : D.	salad	neutral
Really great place .	place	neutral
The craft beer is moderately priced and high quality .	craft beer	neutral
The beer cheese is a must have .	beer cheese	neutral
Great staff !	staff	neutral
Coming back here a couple of years after my first ( generous ) review , I 'm surprised at how far this place has fallen while their prices have risen .	place	neutral
I ordered the 4-cheese pizza and it was mediocre at best .	4-cheese pizza	neutral
Topping was put on in a miserly fashion and for some reason the pizza had a sour taste around the edges .	Topping	neutral
Topping was put on in a miserly fashion and for some reason the pizza had a sour taste around the edges .	pizza	neutral
I do n't know what went wrong with this restaurant	restaurant	neutral
I usually get the Molokai tuna and salmon on rice .	salmon	neutral
The regular is a great size for lunch or dinner .	regular	neutral
all the employees are really nice :)	employees	neutral
Had a fabulous dinner last night-	dinner	neutral
I had the lobster risotto - it was exquisite !	lobster risotto	neutral
Others had the veal Gorgonzola and the pappardelle bolognese which were scrumptious !	veal Gorgonzola	neutral
Others had the veal Gorgonzola and the pappardelle bolognese which were scrumptious !	pappardelle bolognese	neutral
The calamari , salads and the tiramisu were also great .	calamari	neutral
The calamari , salads and the tiramisu were also great .	salads	neutral
The calamari , salads and the tiramisu were also great .	tiramisu	neutral
The service was excellent- ca n't wait to go back !	service	neutral
There is ample seating as it 's quite a large restaurant .	seating	neutral
There is ample seating as it 's quite a large restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
but it 's full of noodles , soup and toppings .	soup	neutral
The amount of toppings was excellent , the amount given is what you normally get for large , at other places .	toppings	neutral
The soup was nice and flavourful too .	soup	neutral
Shredded pork roll was nice , only my kids eat them , I am not a fan .	Shredded pork roll	neutral
The pork chop rice was decent too .	pork chop rice	neutral
Only bad comment was that my dry noodles were a tad too soft but still not mushy .	dry noodles	neutral
Staff were all pleasant and a waiter even recognised me from when we used to frequent Kim Po .	Staff	neutral
Staff were all pleasant and a waiter even recognised me from when we used to frequent Kim Po .	waiter	neutral
I love coming to craft kitchen food is good and service is usually great .	food	neutral
I love coming to craft kitchen food is good and service is usually great .	service	neutral
However the server we got so very rude , never even checked on us once we got our food	server	neutral
because our server was nowhere to be found .	server	neutral
I was very disappointed in the service .	service	neutral
Maybe I was expecting it to lean more traditional with the Korean cuisine , but I was slightly disappointed with my meal .	Korean cuisine	neutral
Maybe I was expecting it to lean more traditional with the Korean cuisine , but I was slightly disappointed with my meal .	meal	neutral
Do n't get me wrong , it was still solid food , it just did n't have as much of the bold Korean flavors that I would have liked .	food	neutral
Do n't get me wrong , it was still solid food , it just did n't have as much of the bold Korean flavors that I would have liked .	Korean	neutral
The portion sizes of the chili - braised eggplant and the ddeokbokki were surprisingly small , which was disappointing .	portion	neutral
The portion sizes of the chili - braised eggplant and the ddeokbokki were surprisingly small , which was disappointing .	chili - braised eggplant	neutral
The portion sizes of the chili - braised eggplant and the ddeokbokki were surprisingly small , which was disappointing .	ddeokbokki	neutral
Things to check out : the bibimbap and the cocktails !	bibimbap	neutral
Things to check out : the bibimbap and the cocktails !	cocktails	neutral
Although I did n't select this dish , my fiancee LOVED the General Tso chicken livers .	General Tso chicken livers	neutral
The service is always speedy and it 's always clean and busy inside .	service	neutral
The bread tastes light and airy and the sandwiches leave you feeling good not sluggish or overly stuffed .	bread	neutral
The bread tastes light and airy and the sandwiches leave you feeling good not sluggish or overly stuffed .	sandwiches	neutral
Love Corner Bakery , always a tasty spot when you find one !	Corner Bakery	neutral
Recommend the Rustic Italian Panini .	Rustic Italian Panini	neutral
Note though seating area is quite sticky as well as pop and condiment area look a bit used and gross .	seating area	neutral
Note though seating area is quite sticky as well as pop and condiment area look a bit used and gross .	pop	neutral
Note though seating area is quite sticky as well as pop and condiment area look a bit used and gross .	condiment area	neutral
This used to be my facorite place to eat when visiting LV .	place	neutral
The shrimp scampi had no taste and the lobster roll was salty - if that s possible .	shrimp scampi	neutral
The shrimp scampi had no taste and the lobster roll was salty - if that s possible .	lobster roll	neutral
The 3 stars is for the chowder which is still good .	chowder	neutral
this place is no longer on my ' must visit list ' when on LV .	place	neutral
but this place is so awesome .	place	neutral
Very cute restaurant , nice clean decor .	restaurant	neutral
Very cute restaurant , nice clean decor .	decor	neutral
It was piled high with TONS of crumbly fetta , olives , cucumbers , tomatos , and there was so much lamb !	fetta	neutral
You know how salads are usually barely any of the good stuff ( aka meat , cheese and other expensive stuff )	salads	neutral
You know how salads are usually barely any of the good stuff ( aka meat , cheese and other expensive stuff )	meat	neutral
You know how salads are usually barely any of the good stuff ( aka meat , cheese and other expensive stuff )	cheese	neutral
And the lamb was seasoned and cooked perfectly .	lamb	neutral
Go here for wings , better pizza can be had very easily .	wings	neutral
Go here for wings , better pizza can be had very easily .	pizza	neutral
The wings save the day here .	wings	neutral
There is n't a lot of flavor in their food and their chow mein is consistently overcooked .	food	neutral
There is n't a lot of flavor in their food and their chow mein is consistently overcooked .	chow mein	neutral
I 'm willing to let bad service go if the food is good but now that both the service and food is bad , I 'm done spending my money here .	service	neutral
I 'm willing to let bad service go if the food is good but now that both the service and food is bad , I 'm done spending my money here .	food	neutral
I 'm willing to let bad service go if the food is good but now that both the service and food is bad , I 'm done spending my money here .	service	neutral
I 'm willing to let bad service go if the food is good but now that both the service and food is bad , I 'm done spending my money here .	food	neutral
But there 's a nice chart that helps you out with that .	chart	neutral
Plus , the cashiers there are very helpful as it was our first time .	cashiers	neutral
Soft drinks are complimentary from the fountain machine , which is great .	Soft drinks	neutral
Soft drinks are complimentary from the fountain machine , which is great .	fountain machine	neutral
I always order the Swordfish , and it is always seasoned and prepared perfectly .	Swordfish	neutral
The service was fantastic as well .	service	neutral
The food was great and they have a great selection of beer and wine .	food	neutral
The food was great and they have a great selection of beer and wine .	selection of	neutral
The food was great and they have a great selection of beer and wine .	beer	neutral
The food was great and they have a great selection of beer and wine .	wine	neutral
The only complaint I have is the cocktail menu did n't have many options .	cocktail menu	neutral
We will definitely be visiting this place again also it 's very close to the casinos .	place	neutral
I have always liked the food there .	food	neutral
the issue is with the terrible service I got in the drive through .	service	neutral
they have 99 cent tacos .	tacos	neutral
I do n't need rude service .	service	neutral
Over priced , I 've had MUCH better French food elsewhere .	French food	neutral
You are basically paying for the fantastic service and the view .	service	neutral
You are basically paying for the fantastic service and the view .	view	neutral
I go to restaurants for food , not the service or the view so unfortunetly I have to stop at 2 stars .	service	neutral
I go to restaurants for food , not the service or the view so unfortunetly I have to stop at 2 stars .	view	neutral
Bacon maple , goat cheese blueberry holes , coconut and coffee cake filling delights and an apple fritter for us .	Bacon	neutral
Bacon maple , goat cheese blueberry holes , coconut and coffee cake filling delights and an apple fritter for us .	goat cheese blueberry holes	neutral
Bacon maple , goat cheese blueberry holes , coconut and coffee cake filling delights and an apple fritter for us .	coconut and coffee	neutral
The young man was a delight to all 3 of us AND	young man	neutral
THEIR INDOOR PET FRIENDLY SITTING AREA IS AWESOME .	INDOOR PET FRIENDLY	neutral
THEIR INDOOR PET FRIENDLY SITTING AREA IS AWESOME .	SITTING AREA	neutral
This is one of my favorite soup and salad restaurants .	soup	neutral
The vegetables are always fresh as are the fruits .	vegetables	neutral
The vegetables are always fresh as are the fruits .	fruits	neutral
The soups , muffins and baked potatoes are hot and delicious .	soups	neutral
The soups , muffins and baked potatoes are hot and delicious .	muffins	neutral
The soups , muffins and baked potatoes are hot and delicious .	baked potatoes	neutral
The employees are friendly and personable .	employees	neutral
The service is outstanding .	service	neutral
I ordered the beef schwarma and was happy with my choice .	beef schwarma	neutral
The beer was extremely tender and flavorful and the pita wrap was soft and warm all in all	beer	neutral
The beer was extremely tender and flavorful and the pita wrap was soft and warm all in all	pita wrap	neutral
Also It was recommended that I get the house made rose water iced tea	rose water iced tea	neutral
The eggs were watery and the bacon undercook .	eggs	neutral
The eggs were watery and the bacon undercook .	bacon	neutral
Worse service ever .	service	neutral
Hands down best buffet	buffet	neutral
The food that was served was ridiculous and amazing .	food	neutral
I have never been to a buffet where the food is actually better than a lot of restaurants as well as the desserts ...	desserts	neutral
Do n't even get me started on the desserts , and i 'm a meat person but the desserts were ...	desserts	neutral
Do n't even get me started on the desserts , and i 'm a meat person but the desserts were ...	desserts	neutral
The burgers are nice and the variety in the menu should make people happy .	burgers	neutral
The burgers are nice and the variety in the menu should make people happy .	menu	neutral
Let 's just say their specialty is n't food or cocktails .	food	neutral
They generally have good specials and the occasional keep the glass deal .	specials	neutral
I went to this bar and grill tonight , and I stunned that it got sold .	bar	neutral
I went to this bar and grill tonight , and I stunned that it got sold .	grill	neutral
It formerly was known as Half Shell , but now it 's has a new owner , and totally new menu .	menu	neutral
I have to say the Burgers	Burgers	neutral
choices has gotten much , much better , but the seafoods choice has gotten smaller .	choices	neutral
choices has gotten much , much better , but the seafoods choice has gotten smaller .	seafoods	neutral
I have to say , the burgers are kind of in line with Create at this moment	burgers	neutral
and I 'm happy because It 's no longer a themed seafood bar and grill , but a simpler menu .	seafood	neutral
and I 'm happy because It 's no longer a themed seafood bar and grill , but a simpler menu .	menu	neutral
There a few new bartenders , employees , but service is still pretty quick .	bartenders	neutral
There a few new bartenders , employees , but service is still pretty quick .	service	neutral
Beef Wellington was amazing .	Beef Wellington	neutral
Got a huge side of carrots that were delicious !	side	neutral
Got a huge side of carrots that were delicious !	carrots	neutral
Also ordered the side of corn , which I was n't a fan of , but I 'm not a corn fan anyways .	side of corn	neutral
As for the dessert .... sticky toffee pudding was the best ever !	dessert	neutral
As for the dessert .... sticky toffee pudding was the best ever !	sticky toffee pudding	neutral
Really nice toppings on their little pizzas and certainly affordable , but they really need to work on all of their bread - like offerings .	toppings	neutral
Really nice toppings on their little pizzas and certainly affordable , but they really need to work on all of their bread - like offerings .	pizzas	neutral
Really nice toppings on their little pizzas and certainly affordable , but they really need to work on all of their bread - like offerings .	bread	neutral
The pizza as well as the breads and buns we 've tried have all been underbaked .	pizza	neutral
The pizza as well as the breads and buns we 've tried have all been underbaked .	breads	neutral
The pizza as well as the breads and buns we 've tried have all been underbaked .	buns	neutral
Nice cookies , but nothing extraordinary .	cookies	neutral
But we decided to sit outside under the shade and near the misting fans , and it was very comfortable .	misting	neutral
The outdoor area is very cool and seems like a great place to get drinks and hang out with a group .	outdoor area	neutral
We ordered the pretzels and fondue as an appetizer and it was a huge portion !	pretzels and fondue	neutral
We also ordered the kale and butternut squash salad and fried chicken to share ( it 's all about balance ! ) .	kale and butternut squash salad	neutral
The chicken was crisp , and flavorful , and the biscuit was amazing !	chicken	neutral
The chicken was crisp , and flavorful , and the biscuit was amazing !	biscuit	neutral
The mashed potatoes were okay , and slaw was warm due to the heat and everything else warm on the plate .	mashed potatoes	neutral
The mashed potatoes were okay , and slaw was warm due to the heat and everything else warm on the plate .	slaw	neutral
The salad had a lot going on , but was really good !	salad	neutral
The service was great , the only downfall is they give such tiny glasses for water , which in 90 + heat , a bigger glass would be great !	service	neutral
The service was great , the only downfall is they give such tiny glasses for water , which in 90 + heat , a bigger glass would be great !	glasses	neutral
Best pizza in the area by a long shot !	pizza	neutral
The crust and sauce are made fresh and are AMAZING and the toppings are all fresh ( not pickled ) and are really high quality ingredients .	crust	neutral
The crust and sauce are made fresh and are AMAZING and the toppings are all fresh ( not pickled ) and are really high quality ingredients .	sauce	neutral
The crust and sauce are made fresh and are AMAZING and the toppings are all fresh ( not pickled ) and are really high quality ingredients .	toppings	neutral
Pizza is cooked to perfection and the owner is pleasant , friendly and generous .	Pizza	neutral
Pizza is cooked to perfection and the owner is pleasant , friendly and generous .	owner	neutral
Do n't let the negative review below dissuade you , give this place a try :)	place	neutral
The food was great but really could nt be enjoyed ...	food	neutral
Thus we barely had enough time to enjoy our meal before the show .	meal	neutral
You guys really need to improve on your customer service .	customer service	neutral
Had a turtle pecan blast which was delicious and creamy .	turtle pecan blast	neutral
I love soft serve ice cream and this treat did not disappoint me .	soft	neutral
and I was intrigued by his skates .	skates	neutral
I 've been here many times and I 've never been disappointed with the food or the service .	food	neutral
I 've been here many times and I 've never been disappointed with the food or the service .	service	neutral
The wait is sometimes long	wait	neutral
This is my go to Korean bbq spot	bbq	neutral
some dead bloody cow that 's cooked right .	cow	neutral
Both times our waitress was pleasant-	waitress	neutral
that 's right " waitress " , and I just assume that I 'm going to get nickel and dinged for everything .	waitress	neutral
I am now sold on this place .	place	neutral
, blooming onion , big beer- under $ 65 out the door	blooming onion	neutral
, blooming onion , big beer- under $ 65 out the door	beer-	neutral
I went to the restaurant today for the first time and I am SO glad I went .	restaurant	neutral
The oxtails with rice & peas and cabbage were delicious ! ! ! ! !	oxtails with rice	neutral
This place was absolutely amazing !	place	neutral
The food was delicious , the service was perfect and I would definitely recommend it .	food	neutral
The food was delicious , the service was perfect and I would definitely recommend it .	service	neutral
The server was very attentive and she even came to the rescue when my 3 year old son was choking .	server	neutral
You 've got ta check this place out !	place	neutral
Fresh and interesting ingredients , a good brunch .	ingredients	neutral
Fresh and interesting ingredients , a good brunch .	brunch	neutral
Dog friendly patio .	patio	neutral
While the waitress we had was great , the restaurant itself was not up to expectations .	waitress	neutral
While the waitress we had was great , the restaurant itself was not up to expectations .	restaurant	neutral
The floors were sticky , the bathrooms were dirty , and the food was very salty .	bathrooms	neutral
The floors were sticky , the bathrooms were dirty , and the food was very salty .	food	neutral
Wow , 115 beers on tap ! ! !	beers	neutral
And great food too .	food	neutral
As other reviews say , the perfect spot for an afternoon treat !	spot	neutral
Popbar is a unique experience for ice cream or sorbet popsicle lovers .	Popbar	neutral
Choose your popsicle flavor from a variety of options , choose your dip and add any specialties you 'd like .	dip	neutral
Service is always on point and every Popbar I 've had makes me wanting more .	Service	neutral
Service is always on point and every Popbar I 've had makes me wanting more .	Popbar	neutral
A definite spot to check out next time your in NoDa !	spot	neutral
Such a great hole in the wall place .	place	neutral
Love the east coast atmosphere and delicious food !	east coast	neutral
Love the east coast atmosphere and delicious food !	atmosphere	neutral
Love the east coast atmosphere and delicious food !	food	neutral
As soon as chef sees me he throws mussels on the pan because he knows that I 'm addicted to them !	chef	neutral
And pizza is always made just the way it 's supposed to be !	pizza	neutral
We have not had a bad meal here .	meal	neutral
Thank you for great food , friendly service and keep up good work !	food	neutral
Thank you for great food , friendly service and keep up good work !	service	neutral
Updating my review due to increase of menu prices .	menu	neutral
The food ( especially pho broth ) is still excellent .	food	neutral
The food ( especially pho broth ) is still excellent .	pho broth	neutral
However , over the last few years , they have raised price of their pho to $ 12 to $ 15 a bowl .	pho	neutral
Bellwoods is a solid 4 for it 's dope vibes , sick patio , and excellent craft beer menu - however food and service can be improved .	vibes	neutral
Bellwoods is a solid 4 for it 's dope vibes , sick patio , and excellent craft beer menu - however food and service can be improved .	patio	neutral
Bellwoods is a solid 4 for it 's dope vibes , sick patio , and excellent craft beer menu - however food and service can be improved .	craft beer menu	neutral
Bellwoods is a solid 4 for it 's dope vibes , sick patio , and excellent craft beer menu - however food and service can be improved .	food	neutral
Bellwoods is a solid 4 for it 's dope vibes , sick patio , and excellent craft beer menu - however food and service can be improved .	service	neutral
Located right on Ossington , the restaurant has a large patio which is great for summer .	patio	neutral
I 've been here a couple times now and always enjoy some wicked cool beers that are made brewed by the restaurant .	beers	neutral
In terms of food , they are passable but nothing outstanding .	food	neutral
I got the burrito bowl with shredded chicken .	burrito bowl	neutral
I do n't think there 's anything amazing about this restaurant that sets it apart from other places .	restaurant	neutral
The portions were good , the prices were good , so its a solid place to come , just not drive out of your way for .	portions	neutral
The portions were good , the prices were good , so its a solid place to come , just not drive out of your way for .	place	neutral
Visited Pittsburgh last month , I was told this was the place to try .	place	neutral
I ordered the Pastrami , it was really good and fresh .	Pastrami	neutral
I did n't care for the fries on the sandwich , they were pretty soggy .	fries	neutral
I did n't care for the fries on the sandwich , they were pretty soggy .	sandwich	neutral
My daughters ordered the Steak and Cheese , they did n't finish the sandwich .	Steak and Cheese	neutral
We got the loaded fries , the cheese was kind of like cheese whiz , the bacon tasted like bacon bits not fresh bacon .	loaded fries	neutral
We got the loaded fries , the cheese was kind of like cheese whiz , the bacon tasted like bacon bits not fresh bacon .	cheese	neutral
We got the loaded fries , the cheese was kind of like cheese whiz , the bacon tasted like bacon bits not fresh bacon .	bacon	neutral
Stick to the deli meats , pastrami , turkey , corned beef .	deli meats	neutral
Stick to the deli meats , pastrami , turkey , corned beef .	pastrami	neutral
Stick to the deli meats , pastrami , turkey , corned beef .	turkey	neutral
Stick to the deli meats , pastrami , turkey , corned beef .	corned beef	neutral
I 'd stay away from the Steak and Cheese and Fries .	Steak and Cheese	neutral
My sandwich was great , sorry my daughters did n't have the same experience .	sandwich	neutral
If you are a tourist it is definely a great spot to check out and get the experience .	spot	neutral
I found the staff very friendly .	staff	neutral
Enjoyed our stay in Pittsburgh and all the nice people .	people	neutral
i am done coming to this establishment , i am done with their oppression !	establishment	neutral
Atmosphere : 5/5 very nice set up	Atmosphere	neutral
Atmosphere : 5/5 very nice set up	set up	neutral
Service : 4/5 above average .	Service	neutral
Really cool uniforms .	uniforms	neutral
I know there are n't many decent Chinese food places in Oakville	Chinese food	neutral
Their prices are so high and the food is average .	food	neutral
Just drive 15 mins in to mississauga and you will find much better tasting Chinese food .	Chinese food	neutral
That is n't to say this place does n't taste good	place	neutral
Amazing burgers and a far better interior with more room than the Summerlin location .	burgers	neutral
Amazing burgers and a far better interior with more room than the Summerlin location .	interior	neutral
Found my new , and closer local Smashy !	Smashy	neutral
Pizzas are top notch with all the toppings you could ask for ..	Pizzas	neutral
chopped salad was excellent and Calzone was , if not the best ,	chopped salad	neutral
chopped salad was excellent and Calzone was , if not the best ,	Calzone	neutral
Helpful and polite service .	service	neutral
Its a good place to sit a laptop	place	neutral
Nothing better than an owner and chef that takes real pride in their food .	owner	neutral
Nothing better than an owner and chef that takes real pride in their food .	chef	neutral
Nothing better than an owner and chef that takes real pride in their food .	food	neutral
The beef broth he makes is amazing .	beef broth	neutral
The ambiance is not the best , but the food makes up for it .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance is not the best , but the food makes up for it .	food	neutral
If you 're into chalk painted shabby chic furniture and accessories , then this is your place !	furniture	neutral
My first trip in I bought an adorable painted distressed grey dresser and then today I bought the most amazing refinished & reupholstered children 's chairs for $ 48 each plus tax .	dresser	neutral
My first trip in I bought an adorable painted distressed grey dresser and then today I bought the most amazing refinished & reupholstered children 's chairs for $ 48 each plus tax .	children	neutral
I also got a bench that was reupholstered ( not the best job ) and painted .	bench	neutral
The ladies that work there are really helpful , each booth is a different vendor so expect variety and difference in quality and product availability .	booth	neutral
The decor is decidedly " upscale " for a fast food joint but the burgers are unfortunately MOR at best .	decor	neutral
The decor is decidedly " upscale " for a fast food joint but the burgers are unfortunately MOR at best .	burgers	neutral
Flavourless patties , nuclear processed cheese , wilted lettuce .	patties	neutral
Flavourless patties , nuclear processed cheese , wilted lettuce .	cheese	neutral
Flavourless patties , nuclear processed cheese , wilted lettuce .	lettuce	neutral
Way too much fat and salt , but then what do you expect from a burger joint ? ? ?	burger	neutral
Beto & Blake were fabulous and knew everything about all the options available for a delectable unique treat !	Beto	neutral
Beto & Blake were fabulous and knew everything about all the options available for a delectable unique treat !	Blake	neutral
The food is excellent and classic steak house .	food	neutral
The food is excellent and classic steak house .	steak	neutral
Great sushi , great service !	sushi	neutral
Great sushi , great service !	service	neutral
I ended up choosing the bento box with sashimi for lunch .	sashimi	neutral
The sashimi was very generous portions and very fresh .	sashimi	neutral
We were served by a very accommodating waitress , Mandy .	waitress	neutral
The consistency of the jelly in the drink was very strange , but fun to try .	jelly	neutral
I really wanted to try this burger .	burger	neutral
Now if your last name is Wahlburger and you want to open a restaurant you ca n't get much better than a burger place as it just makes sense with a name like that .	burger place	neutral
Whalburgers Toronto is mostly a sit down , get served establishment with a take out section inconveniently located in the back and a sit down area , for the takeout patrons , located upstairs .	take	neutral
Counter Girl ( CG ) :	Counter Girl	neutral
My bud 's food came to the same cost .	food	neutral
It was us and staff .	staff	neutral
We ate , the staff counted money .	staff	neutral
Now I was not expecting this burger to be the greatest .	burger	neutral
In other words I did n't think it would be an award winning burger	burger	neutral
And by that I mean the burger looked good but	burger	neutral
Let 's mention the fries first though .	fries	neutral
My pal 's onion rings were n't onion rings , they were onion strings and although tasty ( the best thing I tried ) they belonged as a condiment and not a side .	onion rings	neutral
I opened my Big Mac style box and saw a glorious looking bun ; golden and large and pretty .	bun	neutral
Sure the toppings were fine ( the lettuce was not iceberg ) but the patties were small .	toppings	neutral
Sure the toppings were fine ( the lettuce was not iceberg ) but the patties were small .	lettuce	neutral
Sure the toppings were fine ( the lettuce was not iceberg ) but the patties were small .	patties	neutral
Wait , not small but minuscule .	Wait	neutral
The patties were okay	patties	neutral
I could not tell at all ( the grill guy was behind a wall	grill guy	neutral
There were onions on the burger	burger	neutral
The pickles were a bit under pickled , the lettuce was good but had no crispness to it .	pickles	neutral
The pickles were a bit under pickled , the lettuce was good but had no crispness to it .	lettuce	neutral
The mustard was house made and was probably the second best thing about the burger .	mustard	neutral
The mustard was house made and was probably the second best thing about the burger .	burger	neutral
The best thing was the bun which was moist and delicious and perfectly soft on the inside .	bun	neutral
It was , though , more than twice the size of the patties I received which makes for a terrible bun to patty ratio .	bun	neutral
He thought it was a great burger .	burger	neutral
I do n't care that he got the Wahl Sauce and that his burger was cooked medium	Wahl Sauce	neutral
I do n't care that he got the Wahl Sauce and that his burger was cooked medium	burger	neutral
, there is no way that his burger was better than Five Guys .	burger	neutral
, there is no way that his burger was better than Five Guys .	Five Guys	neutral
This was the most disappointing burger I 've had in a while .	burger	neutral
It was the most expensive burger I have had in years .	burger	neutral
At least the coke was good ...	coke	neutral
Worst service ever !	service	neutral
Shift manager was never checking on guest .	Shift manager	neutral
Flavorless burger well done :( .	burger	neutral
No theme , except dogs .	dogs	neutral
Some Irish food , reggae music .	Irish food	neutral
For all the money that was spent on design and construction its incredible this place has so many flaws .	place	neutral
The TV is way too big .	TV	neutral
This place has no identity .	place	neutral
Everyone is watching the game but forced to listen to ridiculous / terrible music .	music	neutral
On a side note , our waitress was great and worked hard to get us the audio - which she succeeded in doing for an inning- before management switched it back to music .	waitress	neutral
The service staff were very nice and sympathetic , the food is pricey yet mediocre and the ambience is just bizarre .	service staff	neutral
The service staff were very nice and sympathetic , the food is pricey yet mediocre and the ambience is just bizarre .	food	neutral
The service staff were very nice and sympathetic , the food is pricey yet mediocre and the ambience is just bizarre .	ambience	neutral
This place does n't know what it is ... definitely not worth going out of your way for a group get together w friends when you do nt need to be downtown .	place	neutral
With 2 floors closed , the place has a hollow vibe to it .	place	neutral
w music / DJ , they pitch themselves as a sports bar ....	DJ	neutral
Do n't waste your time and money at this buffet , you will not get what you paid for .	buffet	neutral
It 's a small buffet compared to others in the area .	buffet	neutral
I do not eat meat or shellfish , but it was obvious that their meat were dry and the guys were having hard time carving it ...	meat	neutral
I overheard a couple totally disappointed by the taste of their meat dishes .	meat dishes	neutral
But their fish dishes were awful .	fish dishes	neutral
Another fish dish was so bland that I had to fix it up at my table with salt , pepper , and lemons and other things .	fish dish	neutral
I did n't bother trying their salmon dish , it looked totally messy .	salmon dish	neutral
Their salad are not fresh , the vegan veggie roll was too salty to eat , and I did not even bother trying their vegan sushi as it looked soggy and nasty .	salad	neutral
Their salad are not fresh , the vegan veggie roll was too salty to eat , and I did not even bother trying their vegan sushi as it looked soggy and nasty .	vegan veggie roll	neutral
Their salad are not fresh , the vegan veggie roll was too salty to eat , and I did not even bother trying their vegan sushi as it looked soggy and nasty .	vegan sushi	neutral
They had rice which was oily and crunchy , I think it was a day or two old .	rice	neutral
Their dessert : Oreo cookies !	dessert	neutral
I tried their chocolate lava cake and it was bitter , the apple crumble pie was so tart that it felt like taking a bite out of a green apple .	chocolate lava cake	neutral
I tried their chocolate lava cake and it was bitter , the apple crumble pie was so tart that it felt like taking a bite out of a green apple .	apple crumble pie	neutral
This is a meatball joint .	meatball	neutral
It is not fine dining .	dining	neutral
I dig this place	place	neutral
One of the most inspired meals we had in Pittsburgh - loved the chicken and walleye ca n't miss the salmon tartar-	chicken	neutral
One of the most inspired meals we had in Pittsburgh - loved the chicken and walleye ca n't miss the salmon tartar-	walleye	neutral
One of the most inspired meals we had in Pittsburgh - loved the chicken and walleye ca n't miss the salmon tartar-	salmon tartar-	neutral
The service appears to be very inconsistent , one day the staff is friendly and great , the other rude and almost annoyed .	service	neutral
The service appears to be very inconsistent , one day the staff is friendly and great , the other rude and almost annoyed .	staff	neutral
I have tried many of the soups , all pretty bland .	soups	neutral
The chicken noodle soup , on my last visit , was thick noodles with one piece of chicken and NO flavor .	chicken noodle soup	neutral
The vegetable is missing a little flavor as well and the broccoli cheddar , where is the broccoli ?	vegetable	neutral
The vegetable is missing a little flavor as well and the broccoli cheddar , where is the broccoli ?	broccoli cheddar	neutral
Unlike other places , one I will not name , that serves amazing broccoli florets , Just Fresh serves the brocooli stems in a runny cheese sauce ...	broccoli florets	neutral
Unlike other places , one I will not name , that serves amazing broccoli florets , Just Fresh serves the brocooli stems in a runny cheese sauce ...	brocooli	neutral
As for the sandwhiches , definitely nothing to write home about .	sandwhiches	neutral
And , one thing to note , both sandwiches I have tried were wrong ..	sandwiches	neutral
What an amazing lunch !	lunch	neutral
My personal favorite was avocado stuffed with quinoa .	avocado	neutral
As a fan of all things avocado , I was absolutely blown away by this dish .	dish	neutral
Had a half order with sweet potato fries and could n't finish .	sweet potato fries	neutral
Did a have a bite of 2 of the wraps .	wraps	neutral
Very flavorful dishes .	dishes	neutral
The sauces were all good and fun to mix up and try .	sauces	neutral
The red pepper one had quite a kick !	red pepper	neutral
My husband had the herbal limeade - seemed to be basil - infused .	herbal limeade	neutral
It is a very cool place , small and cozy .	place	neutral
Being a cheese lover , I had to try the Baked Brie , yummy gooey goodness .	Baked Brie	neutral
We also had the Shitaki gnocchi .	Shitaki gnocchi	neutral
The food is good but the staff have staring problems .	food	neutral
The food is good but the staff have staring problems .	staff	neutral
The staff is incredibly friendly , and helpful , and one of the owners came by to check on us and see if we needed anything .	staff	neutral
The cost is a little more than I 'd usually choose to pay , but once I tried the food , it was definitely worth it .	food	neutral
My parents and I had to wait about 15 min to get a table which I think is reasonable for such a busy spot .	spot	neutral
Despite the line up at the door I was impressed with how the server would routinely come by and acknowledge the new people that arrived and keep track of how many in the party .	server	neutral
The line also seemed to move at a steady pace so it did not feel like we waited a long time .	line	neutral
Items on the menu were between $ 4 - 5 .	menu	neutral
About 40 items on the menu .	menu	neutral
Food arrived fast but also timing was nicely spread out .	Food	neutral
We felt the service was good .	service	neutral
Bathroom was clean .	Bathroom	neutral
There 's something about expensive dinner dates that stresses me out .	dinner	neutral
The restaurant is pretty but what stuck out to me is that there must be a thousand waiters standing around waiting to swoop in on any possible need you may have .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant is pretty but what stuck out to me is that there must be a thousand waiters standing around waiting to swoop in on any possible need you may have .	waiters	neutral
Based on the amount of pictures on Yelp , I had the duck ravioli ( $ 27 ) and I really enjoyed it .	duck ravioli	neutral
He said the sprouts were terrible and he ended up not eating them .	sprouts	neutral
His spaghetti looked as if it came from a can .	spaghetti	neutral
I 'm not sure what the hype is over the bread basket .	bread basket	neutral
I had a good piece of French bread but it was n't orgasmic like the other reviewers go on about .	French bread	neutral
The food was okay , the atmosphere was fine , but honestly , if I did n't have such a great dinner date , I probably would have forgotten I ate here .	food	neutral
The food was okay , the atmosphere was fine , but honestly , if I did n't have such a great dinner date , I probably would have forgotten I ate here .	atmosphere	neutral
Who I was with was really the only draw about this place .	place	neutral
To me the me highlight of this place would be their bone marrow , if they decide one day to take it away , i would probably not come back .	bone marrow	neutral
Service was awesome , our waiter always checked up on us and topped off our drinks & cleared our tables for the most part .	Service	neutral
Service was awesome , our waiter always checked up on us and topped off our drinks & cleared our tables for the most part .	waiter	neutral
The OJ is not fresh	OJ	neutral
But this Fry 's Signature store is AMAZING .	Fry 's Signature store	neutral
Health food , ice cream , flowers , USPS , Kosher , Spanish , Live Sushi Bar , Wine Bar with TVs , Lounge with TVs and couches ...	Wine	neutral
Normally a place with this much stuff	place	neutral
well you would think the food would be pricey .	food	neutral
There are always plenty of counters open , for regular and few items , the cashiers are always nice and same with the baggers .	cashiers	neutral
There are always plenty of counters open , for regular and few items , the cashiers are always nice and same with the baggers .	baggers	neutral
This is by far the worst Hakka place in GTA , who would have thought Hakka can be flavourless ? !	Hakka	neutral
This is by far the worst Hakka place in GTA , who would have thought Hakka can be flavourless ? !	Hakka	neutral
Their chilli chicken was so dry and hot and sour soup was too thick to swallow , they might want to go easy on the corn flour .	chilli chicken	neutral
Their chilli chicken was so dry and hot and sour soup was too thick to swallow , they might want to go easy on the corn flour .	hot	neutral
Their chilli chicken was so dry and hot and sour soup was too thick to swallow , they might want to go easy on the corn flour .	sour soup	neutral
To top it off , worst service ever ,	service	neutral
not only the food took super long to come , our server was so rude and made it clear he hated being there .	server	neutral
The room was great , house keeping was spot on and the room service all be it a little pricey was extremely good .	room	neutral
The room was great , house keeping was spot on and the room service all be it a little pricey was extremely good .	house keeping	neutral
The room was great , house keeping was spot on and the room service all be it a little pricey was extremely good .	room service	neutral
Enfin un vrai restaurant  Toronto , la Polish Sausage est un	restaurant	neutral
Enfin un vrai restaurant  Toronto , la Polish Sausage est un	Polish Sausage	neutral
LOVE the kaluha pig wit cabbage .	kaluha pig wit cabbage	neutral
I also got the garlic chicken and that miso mayo sauce is so delish ! !	garlic chicken	neutral
I also got the garlic chicken and that miso mayo sauce is so delish ! !	miso mayo sauce	neutral
Their macaroni salad is one of my favorites compared to other restaurants .	macaroni salad	neutral
The staff was very helpful and attentive .	staff	neutral
They have a huge menu of drink options and there food menu is n't shabby either .	drink	neutral
They have a huge menu of drink options and there food menu is n't shabby either .	food menu	neutral
The only reason I took one star away is for the heavy - handedness when it comes to flavoring the coffees ,	coffees	neutral
Amazing customer service .	customer service	neutral
Fun pool .	pool	neutral
Good food & drinks .	food	neutral
Good food & drinks .	drinks	neutral
Great breakfast place to go to !	breakfast place	neutral
Huge servings .	servings	neutral
Service was fast and did n't take long for us to get our food .	Service	neutral
Orange juice did n't taste like fresh squeeze like they said ..	Orange juice	neutral
and I saw them pouring it out of a container but food is great !	food	neutral
Nice place , good food , great atmosphere and view .	place	neutral
Nice place , good food , great atmosphere and view .	food	neutral
Nice place , good food , great atmosphere and view .	atmosphere	neutral
Nice place , good food , great atmosphere and view .	view	neutral
I only wish the prices were better and lately they have been charging for extra condiments ( salad dressing , etc ) Its a shame because this will hurt the business .	salad dressing	neutral
Delicious poke bowl !	poke bowl	neutral
I got the regular size and they 're very generous -	regular	neutral
I did the make your own bowl and I loved the options of ingredients and sauces .	bowl	neutral
I did the make your own bowl and I loved the options of ingredients and sauces .	ingredients	neutral
I did the make your own bowl and I loved the options of ingredients and sauces .	sauces	neutral
Got it delivered and it was prompt and the delivery man was super friendly ! !	delivery man	neutral
This place is sushi heaven , from the cute decor of My Neighbor Totoro booth cushions to the charismatic , sweet sushi chefs I love it !	decor	neutral
This place is sushi heaven , from the cute decor of My Neighbor Totoro booth cushions to the charismatic , sweet sushi chefs I love it !	sushi chefs	neutral
The customer service has always been excellent , and the playboy roll is my absolute favorite .	customer service	neutral
The customer service has always been excellent , and the playboy roll is my absolute favorite .	playboy roll	neutral
Best sushi place	sushi place	neutral
I 've been to and totally worth the $ 26 for all you can eat .	all you can eat	neutral
I do n't think there 's ever not been a line of customers waiting outside to enter this sushi chamber .	sushi	neutral
I wo n't like it considering sushi	sushi	neutral
I really loved this place .	place	neutral
I ordered Banana walnut French Toast which was just heaven cooked to perfection .	Banana walnut French Toast	neutral
So much food	food	neutral
I only was able to eat the center out of my french toast and barley touched my eggs and sausage .	french toast	neutral
Just so much good food .	food	neutral
Wonderful flavor , crispy chicken , eggs perfect , what more could you ask for !	chicken	neutral
Wonderful flavor , crispy chicken , eggs perfect , what more could you ask for !	eggs	neutral
Service was good .	Service	neutral
Our bartender was friendly .	bartender	neutral
Overall it 's a nice place to drink in the middle of the afternoon .	place	neutral
The bathroom was clean and smelled nice .	bathroom	neutral
It 's a decently priced hotel but it was extremely crowded .	hotel	neutral
The pools are the best in LV ...	pools	neutral
the lazy river and man made beach was GREAT ! !	lazy river and man made beach	neutral
This is definitely a great place to have fun/ drink/	place	neutral
Good customer service and great food .	customer service	neutral
Good customer service and great food .	food	neutral
The chili relleno omelette was amazing .	chili relleno omelette	neutral
Great food !	food	neutral
Amazing and creative menu .	menu	neutral
Really enjoyed the tasting menu .	tasting menu	neutral
Service was super nice and friendly .	Service	neutral
A new chain to South Carolina that I spotted when I went to a nearby restaurant , after I saw Jeff S 's review that they have yummy reubens , I had to try it out .	reubens	neutral
The parking lot was pretty much full , but I found parking at the back and once inside they keep everyone moving and there is a ton of seating - high tops , tables , booths ( both small and large ) and a few tables and chairs outside .	tables	neutral
The parking lot was pretty much full , but I found parking at the back and once inside they keep everyone moving and there is a ton of seating - high tops , tables , booths ( both small and large ) and a few tables and chairs outside .	booths	neutral
Their drive thru was also very busy .	drive thru	neutral
The menu is LARGE , but very easy to read and figure out .	menu	neutral
The corned beef was tender and not stringy .	corned beef	neutral
I wish the bread had been grilled a smidge longer , but it was good .	bread	neutral
Still , a delicious sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
Side salad :	Side salad	neutral
Typical bag	bag	neutral
Salad was crisp and fresh , no brown or wilted items in it .	Salad	neutral
Served with Culver 's ranch dressing , which tasted like ranch dressing , nothing wow'y .	ranch dressing	neutral
Cheese curds : Piping hot with a thickish crust over melted cheese .	Cheese curds	neutral
Fried and cheese are my two of favorite food groups , so of course I inhaled these .	Fried and cheese	neutral
Culver 's Root Beer - YUM !	Culver 's	neutral
Culver 's Root Beer - YUM !	Root Beer	neutral
Creaminess with Oreos .	Oreos	neutral
The grand total was $ 16 - which is kinda of high , but I had a boatload of food , including the small Concrete Mixer , which was $ 3 .	Concrete Mixer	neutral
The entire staff was so incredibly friendly !	staff	neutral
Best Chinese delivery in Tempe .	Chinese delivery	neutral
Fast and friendly delivery with really great prices and good food .	delivery	neutral
Fast and friendly delivery with really great prices and good food .	food	neutral
Pizza was extremely mediocre and the waitress was insanely needy .	Pizza	neutral
Pizza was extremely mediocre and the waitress was insanely needy .	waitress	neutral
This place has basically hit rock bottom compared to what it use to be .	place	neutral
Great service , great food and nice spot .	service	neutral
Great service , great food and nice spot .	food	neutral
Great service , great food and nice spot .	spot	neutral
I ordered the stuffed French toast with a side of eggs and kale and was surprised that a side of marinated tofu came with the meal .	stuffed French toast	neutral
I ordered the stuffed French toast with a side of eggs and kale and was surprised that a side of marinated tofu came with the meal .	eggs	neutral
You ran out of walnuts for the French toast ! ! ! !	French toast	neutral
I love discovering new brunch spots and liked the owner Jackie down to earth nature .	owner	neutral
Went here for the burgers , which I enjoyed thoroughly .	burgers	neutral
The guy in the front was very welcoming and friendly , it was clear that he was a nice guy .	guy	neutral
Reasonable prices but the waitress had some attitude ; however , the nice guy deserved an extra star on his own	waitress	neutral
Reasonable prices but the waitress had some attitude ; however , the nice guy deserved an extra star on his own	guy	neutral
Nummy- great service .	service	neutral
The ice cream is incredible .	ice cream	neutral
The macaroons are amazing too .	macaroons	neutral
Very good food here .	food	neutral
Sides were huge and should have been split cuz we could not stuff down one more bite .	Sides	neutral
So I had two delish martinis for $ 7 .	martinis	neutral
Old casino , but very clean and personable staff .	staff	neutral
The service was great !	service	neutral
The spicy edamame was delicious and we got free fries pickles for checking in on Yelp .	spicy edamame	neutral
I got the feeling that Brewstone is n't exactly sure what it wants its identity to be .	Brewstone	neutral
There are a large number of beers , but as far as I know , none are brewed by Brewstone .	beers	neutral
There is a large bar and huge seating area that seemed like sports bar meets high class lounge .	bar	neutral
There is a large bar and huge seating area that seemed like sports bar meets high class lounge .	seating area	neutral
Booths each had their own individual TVs ( along with several TVs on the walls ) but there are also fireplaces and other items that did n't seem to go with the individual TVs .	TVs	neutral
The menu is equally as mixed .	menu	neutral
There are traditional bar favorites , but then there were some " fancy " things as well .	bar	neutral
The nacho appetizer is HUGE .	nacho appetizer	neutral
Or at least having a half order option .	half	neutral
The corn chowder is amazing .	corn chowder	neutral
The burger , sliders and pasta were all OK , but nothing remarkable .	burger	neutral
The burger , sliders and pasta were all OK , but nothing remarkable .	sliders	neutral
The burger , sliders and pasta were all OK , but nothing remarkable .	pasta	neutral
We 'll probably be back to try other dishes and possibly happy hour specials ( half priced martinis ) , but we wo n't be rushing back .	martinis	neutral
We had the Ultimate Screwdriver and the orangesicle .	orangesicle	neutral
The gentleman working were great and very helpful	gentleman	neutral
This particular Chipotle is outstanding .	Chipotle	neutral
I have eaten their 12 times and the service and food have been excellent .	service	neutral
I have eaten their 12 times and the service and food have been excellent .	food	neutral
If only my house was that clean .	house	neutral
Staff is wonderful and the food is always good .	Staff	neutral
Staff is wonderful and the food is always good .	food	neutral
We shared dishes as they have very generous portions .	dishes	neutral
We shared dishes as they have very generous portions .	portions	neutral
The fried green tomatoes is a MUST !	fried green tomatoes	neutral
We tried their ribs for the first time on this visit and they were amazing !	ribs	neutral
We even had a slight service mix up and the manager and staff went over board to make it up to us .	service	neutral
We even had a slight service mix up and the manager and staff went over board to make it up to us .	manager	neutral
We even had a slight service mix up and the manager and staff went over board to make it up to us .	staff	neutral
Hardly ever get that kind of service- fixing any issue BEFORE you complain .	service-	neutral
Great atmosphere , decor and craft cocktails ! !	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere , decor and craft cocktails ! !	decor	neutral
Great atmosphere , decor and craft cocktails ! !	craft cocktails	neutral
They have music theme nights and the staff is attentive .	staff	neutral
Great place to meet up before dinner or a night cap .	place	neutral
Great place for a date or with friends !	place	neutral
I wish they would make the place more well lit though .	place	neutral
Helps you see the machine better when they light up but it gives the place a kind of dingy feel .	place	neutral
Expect a classic french menu in a beautiful decorated space , that screams french bistro in the late 60s , at this # griffintown restaurant .	french menu	neutral
Expect a classic french menu in a beautiful decorated space , that screams french bistro in the late 60s , at this # griffintown restaurant .	space	neutral
The dishes we sampled including some lucky lime oysters , the salmon tartare , and the shrimp cocktail were fantastic !	dishes	neutral
The dishes we sampled including some lucky lime oysters , the salmon tartare , and the shrimp cocktail were fantastic !	lucky lime oysters	neutral
The dishes we sampled including some lucky lime oysters , the salmon tartare , and the shrimp cocktail were fantastic !	salmon tartare	neutral
The dishes we sampled including some lucky lime oysters , the salmon tartare , and the shrimp cocktail were fantastic !	shrimp cocktail	neutral
We also had the charcuterie and raclette dishes ; both were underwhelming and can use some work on the presentation .	charcuterie	neutral
We also had the charcuterie and raclette dishes ; both were underwhelming and can use some work on the presentation .	raclette dishes	neutral
And what is a french bistro without great French wine !	french bistro	neutral
And what is a french bistro without great French wine !	French wine	neutral
The recommended Sancerre was spot on .	Sancerre	neutral
The prices were descent for the location and the service was very warm , prompt and knowledgeable .	service	neutral
Overall , I loved the feel and look of this venue , and enjoyed most of the dishes we sampled .	venue	neutral
Overall , I loved the feel and look of this venue , and enjoyed most of the dishes we sampled .	dishes	neutral
The wine was fantastic , the service was great	wine	neutral
The wine was fantastic , the service was great	service	neutral
so I 'd totally go back , hopefully before the terrace up front disappears !	terrace	neutral
We got to try a selection of their smoked meats and the one that I kept going back to had a lovely fennel taste .	smoked meats	neutral
We got to try a selection of their smoked meats and the one that I kept going back to had a lovely fennel taste .	fennel	neutral
Take the time to know Young and his staff , and you too will long for opportunities to return to Toronto ...	staff	neutral
Not only does Yumei have sushi , but they also have a full kitchen capable of preparing any number of Japanese and Korean delicacies	kitchen	neutral
The tacos are good .	tacos	neutral
The meat was tender but the tortilla was bland and did n't hold the tacos together at all .	meat	neutral
The meat was tender but the tortilla was bland and did n't hold the tacos together at all .	tortilla	neutral
The sauce was n't special .	sauce	neutral
This place does n't stand out .	place	neutral
I love their Chelsea Salad , and their spaghetti is awesome .	Chelsea Salad	neutral
I love their Chelsea Salad , and their spaghetti is awesome .	spaghetti	neutral
One of the best sushi meals I have ever had the pleasure of eating .	sushi	neutral
and we did the 5 course tasting menu which was surprisingly filling .	5 course	neutral
and we did the 5 course tasting menu which was surprisingly filling .	tasting menu	neutral
I have been here once , i tried the American burger with fries .	American burger with fries	neutral
The restaurant is not very clean , the table was kind of greasy , no one was cleaning the tables after the customers leave , but still you can eat your food .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant is not very clean , the table was kind of greasy , no one was cleaning the tables after the customers leave , but still you can eat your food .	table	neutral
The burger was very fatty and sweet , under seasoned , no additives to light up the taste , but the meat patty was delicious , juicy and caramelized from outside .	burger	neutral
The burger was very fatty and sweet , under seasoned , no additives to light up the taste , but the meat patty was delicious , juicy and caramelized from outside .	meat patty	neutral
I would recommend it for people like greasy food .	food	neutral
i think it was overpriced , i paid 16 dollars for the combo which deserves maximum 12 .	combo	neutral
Loud trendy bar and hot dogs joint onWest Side of Cleveland .	bar	neutral
Loud trendy bar and hot dogs joint onWest Side of Cleveland .	hot dogs joint	neutral
Menu includes veggie and beef dogs and a monster list of toppings-	Menu	neutral
Menu includes veggie and beef dogs and a monster list of toppings-	veggie	neutral
Menu includes veggie and beef dogs and a monster list of toppings-	beef dogs	neutral
I had the veggie with egg and hot salsa-	veggie with egg and hot salsa-	neutral
I also tried a great local beer called Holy Moses- named after Moses Cleveland .	beer	neutral
Bar tenders are great-	Bar tenders	neutral
I like the long bar with is semi circular with attached stools .	bar	neutral
This is a good spot .	spot	neutral
If you 're looking for yummy , filling , and healthy " fast food " that is perfect to mash around in a bowl , CAVA is your place .	fast food	neutral
I love mixing the black lentils with supergreens as my base , and it 's hard to stay away from the falafel and roasted veggies .	black lentils	neutral
I love mixing the black lentils with supergreens as my base , and it 's hard to stay away from the falafel and roasted veggies .	falafel	neutral
I love mixing the black lentils with supergreens as my base , and it 's hard to stay away from the falafel and roasted veggies .	roasted veggies	neutral
Their juices are always on point , as well !	juices	neutral
The worst French Toast ever ; unless you like it black and tough .	French Toast	neutral
Because they are hiding their shame of producing horrible breakfast foods !	breakfast foods	neutral
This place must only do ok because of the hipster population that cares only for appearances and eco friendly take out boxes .	take out boxes	neutral
This place will impress no one else .	place	neutral
It seems that this place is bumpin ' .	place	neutral
This is not like an old stuffy steakhouse : there is loud rock music playing , the decor is modern and there are iPads to order drinks .	decor	neutral
And there 's a huge center piece on the ceiling - a neon " art " sculpture of Chef Ramsay 's hand cut movements .	Chef Ramsay	neutral
My bf and I were excited to try the food , since Chef Ramsay only commands the BEST , so he ordered a filet mignon	Chef Ramsay	neutral
and I , the beef wellington , the signature dish .	beef wellington	neutral
So I ordered the beef wellington without knowing what it was .	beef wellington	neutral
I did n't take to the pastry crust with pate and duxelles ( I think that was chopped mushrooms ) , but the meat .	pastry crust	neutral
I did n't take to the pastry crust with pate and duxelles ( I think that was chopped mushrooms ) , but the meat .	pate	neutral
In fact , both of our meats were easy to cut and had a good amount of pink .	meats	neutral
And THAT MEAT ; it melted when we chewed in .	MEAT	neutral
What did n't jive well with us was the mac and cheese .	mac and cheese	neutral
However , do n't skip the sticky toffee pudding .	sticky toffee pudding	neutral
Good for drinks , apps , and atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
There are good deals for wine and flatbreads .	wine	neutral
There are good deals for wine and flatbreads .	flatbreads	neutral
The atmosphere on the patio is quite lovely .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere on the patio is quite lovely .	patio	neutral
Service is pretty good	Service	neutral
but it depends on your server .	server	neutral
A few of the servers are pros , really know their stuff , and want to make your experience positive .	servers	neutral
In my opinion , the ambiance , the cool firepit , live music , and good specials are worth it if you are planning to head over for some drinks after work .	ambiance	neutral
In my opinion , the ambiance , the cool firepit , live music , and good specials are worth it if you are planning to head over for some drinks after work .	firepit	neutral
In my opinion , the ambiance , the cool firepit , live music , and good specials are worth it if you are planning to head over for some drinks after work .	live music	neutral
In my opinion , the ambiance , the cool firepit , live music , and good specials are worth it if you are planning to head over for some drinks after work .	specials	neutral
The server did n't realize we had a prix - fixe menu , was n't aware of any of the requests I had made in regards to drinks/ bottles of wine .	server	neutral
The server did n't realize we had a prix - fixe menu , was n't aware of any of the requests I had made in regards to drinks/ bottles of wine .	drinks/	neutral
The server did n't realize we had a prix - fixe menu , was n't aware of any of the requests I had made in regards to drinks/ bottles of wine .	bottles of wine	neutral
First round of drinks and appetizers was pleasant .	drinks	neutral
First round of drinks and appetizers was pleasant .	appetizers	neutral
Then we waited over an hour for the main entrees to come , because , surprise , the chefs were probably unprepared .	chefs	neutral
Food was mediocre at best and the efforts I had taken to have a light , family - style tapas type of meal ( which the manager had actually suggested to me , not vice versa ) , was completely ignored .	Food	neutral
Food was mediocre at best and the efforts I had taken to have a light , family - style tapas type of meal ( which the manager had actually suggested to me , not vice versa ) , was completely ignored .	tapas	neutral
Food was mediocre at best and the efforts I had taken to have a light , family - style tapas type of meal ( which the manager had actually suggested to me , not vice versa ) , was completely ignored .	meal	neutral
Food was mediocre at best and the efforts I had taken to have a light , family - style tapas type of meal ( which the manager had actually suggested to me , not vice versa ) , was completely ignored .	manager	neutral
Dinner was awkward .	Dinner	neutral
Food was not great .	Food	neutral
I think all would have been made better if the manager would have come out , apologized for the inconvenience or misunderstanding and perhaps offered some desserts or an appetizer ... something , anything to show they recognized they did not meet expectations .	manager	neutral
Aside from our server being great and doing his absolute best , the rest of the management staff did n't make much attempt to have us leave on a good note .	server	neutral
Aside from our server being great and doing his absolute best , the rest of the management staff did n't make much attempt to have us leave on a good note .	management staff	neutral
What is worse , I emailed the original manager , who I worked with to plan .	manager	neutral
Not a mean , what in the world happened , type of email .. just a casual note praising the service but pointing out the obvious misses .	service	neutral
I think this place has excellent potential and has an awesome vibe for chilling .	place	neutral
I think this place has excellent potential and has an awesome vibe for chilling .	vibe	neutral
If you 're looking for something more serious and prepared however , not the best place .	place	neutral
My other work events at Chop , The Mission , The Living Room , Kona Grill , and Firebirds have all been much better experiences .	Mission	neutral
My other work events at Chop , The Mission , The Living Room , Kona Grill , and Firebirds have all been much better experiences .	Living Room	neutral
My other work events at Chop , The Mission , The Living Room , Kona Grill , and Firebirds have all been much better experiences .	Firebirds	neutral
I LOVE this place !	place	neutral
The food is amazing and the atmosphere is great !	food	neutral
The food is amazing and the atmosphere is great !	atmosphere	neutral
I love supporting small businesses and the community , so this place is a must - go if you love good , authentic Mexican food !	Mexican food	neutral
And the owners are so nice and sweet too !	owners	neutral
I got the steak with lobster mashed potatoes .	steak	neutral
The steak was just okay	steak	neutral
; I 've had better , but the mashed potatoes were AMAZING ! !	mashed potatoes	neutral
The service was really good .	service	neutral
The server did n't seem to mind when he had to come back several times to see if we were ready to order .	server	neutral
Good food , good company , good times .	food	neutral
I had the Szechuan beef noodle soup after reading many positive reviews - it definitely helped soothe my hangover , but it was n't outstanding either .	Szechuan beef noodle soup	neutral
The beef was incredibly tender , but I felt like they could 've used a more fragrant spice , rather than simply pouring in a lot of red oil .	beef	neutral
We also ordered a plate of BBQ pork for the table to share , which was not bad although a bit bland in my opinion .	BBQ pork	neutral
Service was average as well ; my friend 's cup was dirty and it took quite a long time for them to return with a new one and they only came around to refill water once .	Service	neutral
Considering the portion size , the price was not bad , but I would recommend making the trip to Spring Mountain Rd if you want a more satisfying Asian meal .	portion	neutral
We unfortunately did n't go for the truffle add - on which would have been an additional $ 40 .	truffle add	neutral
Since everything is seasonal , the menu I had will not be the same next month .	menu	neutral
Each dish is about 3 - 5 bites each with the exception of some of the protein dishes later in the course .	dish	neutral
Each dish is about 3 - 5 bites each with the exception of some of the protein dishes later in the course .	protein dishes	neutral
They have a delicious house bread sprinkled with sea salt that is all you can eat .	house bread	neutral
I would n't say the food was out of this world , but there was a lot of special elements and hard work that goes into eat dish .	food	neutral
The service was A Class .	service	neutral
The servers were on top of their game , and very knowledgeable about all the courses .	servers	neutral
The venue was very cozy with nice dim lighting .	venue	neutral
The venue was very cozy with nice dim lighting .	lighting	neutral
A great experience for a foodie at least once .	foodie	neutral
the layout is easy to navigate , you would have to work hard to get lost or turned around .	layout	neutral
Eastern European cuisine and baked goods .	baked	neutral
The breads and pastries are baked fresh daily .	breads	neutral
The breads and pastries are baked fresh daily .	pastries	neutral
Everyone at dinner complimented the bread .	bread	neutral
The Baklava was made on the premises and the piece served was HUGE in comparison to others around town .	Baklava	neutral
The Lady Fingers dipped in coconut were excellent .	Lady Fingers	neutral
The service was quick and knowledgeable .	service	neutral
They also serve some savory options such as the meat burek , sausage and gyros .	meat burek	neutral
They also serve some savory options such as the meat burek , sausage and gyros .	sausage	neutral
They also serve some savory options such as the meat burek , sausage and gyros .	gyros	neutral
Coffee is brewed fresh on the premises .	Coffee	neutral
This is the best Greek place in town .	Greek place	neutral
The chicken is always tender and juicy and they have the best customer service .	chicken	neutral
The chicken is always tender and juicy and they have the best customer service .	customer service	neutral
It seemed as if every single member of the staff knew it was her birthday because every person that came to our table throughout the night wished her a happy birthday .	staff	neutral
Our waiter , Luigi , was incredibly helpful and delightful ( along with the rest of the staff we met ) .	waiter	neutral
Our waiter , Luigi , was incredibly helpful and delightful ( along with the rest of the staff we met ) .	Luigi	neutral
Fiamma really went the extra mile to make my girlfriend 's birthday dinner unforgettable for us both .	Fiamma	neutral
Yes , the food was beyond delicious , but the warm welcoming from the staff is what really made Fiamma such a great experience for us .	food	neutral
Yes , the food was beyond delicious , but the warm welcoming from the staff is what really made Fiamma such a great experience for us .	staff	neutral
Yes , the food was beyond delicious , but the warm welcoming from the staff is what really made Fiamma such a great experience for us .	Fiamma	neutral
The staff here are phenomenal people , and are dedicated to the love of craft beer .	staff	neutral
The staff here are phenomenal people , and are dedicated to the love of craft beer .	craft beer	neutral
OK , that 's not entirely accurate - they do sell locally - made gourmet popcorn as a snack / palette cleanser - but you get my point .	popcorn	neutral
I 'm no stranger to places like this - they 're common in the DC - area - but some of the tourists did n't quite get the concept of craft brew .	craft brew	neutral
The brews here are fantastic .	brews	neutral
They do a great stout ( Simply Stout ) , IPA ( Hoppy Ending ) , weissen ( Weisse So Serious ) , and Black IPA ( Black Eye PA ) .	stout	neutral
They do a great stout ( Simply Stout ) , IPA ( Hoppy Ending ) , weissen ( Weisse So Serious ) , and Black IPA ( Black Eye PA ) .	Simply Stout	neutral
They do a great stout ( Simply Stout ) , IPA ( Hoppy Ending ) , weissen ( Weisse So Serious ) , and Black IPA ( Black Eye PA ) .	IPA	neutral
They do a great stout ( Simply Stout ) , IPA ( Hoppy Ending ) , weissen ( Weisse So Serious ) , and Black IPA ( Black Eye PA ) .	weissen	neutral
But the one that stood out for me was El Heffe - their Jalapeno Hefeweizen .	Jalapeno Hefeweizen	neutral
The jalapeno flavor is roasty rather than spicy , and balances perfectly with the notes of the hefeweizen .	jalapeno	neutral
The jalapeno flavor is roasty rather than spicy , and balances perfectly with the notes of the hefeweizen .	hefeweizen	neutral
I sported it around DTLV the next day ( see my new profile picture ) and the staff treated me VERY well that night for all of the free advertisement I gave them .	staff	neutral
A special thanks to Chris , who showed me the pleasures of late - night Sigma Derby at The D and kept me out WAY too late .	Chris	neutral
Banger Brewing is a great local craft brewery and a great addition to the Fremont St. Experience .	Banger Brewing	neutral
I 'm looking forward to my next trip to Vegas and my next visit to Banger .	Banger	neutral
Our favorite Chinese food place !	Chinese food place	neutral
The sizzling rice soup is the best by far !	sizzling rice soup	neutral
Great service , they know their customers and know what we are going to order as soon as we get there !	service	neutral
Great family run restaurant !	restaurant	neutral
Long lines , very expensive prices and poor food quality leave little to rave about here .	lines	neutral
Long lines , very expensive prices and poor food quality leave little to rave about here .	food	neutral
They appear to be understaffed and the quality of the food reflects as such .	food	neutral
Their goat roti is super yummy , and homemade peanut shake just like my mom makes it .	goat roti	neutral
I like the atmosphere too !	atmosphere	neutral
Comoncy left a lot to be desired .	Comoncy	neutral
Once it was our turn to order , I asked how much one of the drinks in the beverage cooler costs , and got a response of " something like $ 3 , I do n't know .	beverage cooler	neutral
I ordered the egg sandwich with a cup of water and my boyfriend ordered the breakfast burrito and a drip coffee .	breakfast	neutral
We got out one laptop but the wifi was excruciatingly slow - we could n't even connect .	wifi	neutral
As far as the food itself .	food	neutral
The breakfast burrito was really plain , even with homemade salsa , with barely any cheese or meat ( mostly eggs and potatoes ) .	breakfast burrito	neutral
It 's served with potatoes on the side ( mixed yukon , purple , and sweet potatoes ) which were good , however , the sweet potatoes were undercooked .	sweet	neutral
The egg sandwich was also fine	egg sandwich	neutral
Slow service .	service	neutral
Terrible food .	food	neutral
Lunch special chicken tenders tossed in hot sauce for the win ! !	chicken tenders	neutral
And then again for a 3rd time ... re - ordered the tenders !	tenders	neutral
Quick cheap meal	meal	neutral
I was seated quickly and the server came over right away .	server	neutral
He was very gluten free aware and helped me navigate to the steak salad with the mustard champagne , instead of blue cheese dressing .	steak salad	neutral
The salad was ok , iceberg lettuce can only be so appetizing .	salad	neutral
The steak and dressing were tasty , it was n't till I was almost done with the salad that I realized they had n't put the crumbled blue cheese on it .	steak	neutral
The steak and dressing were tasty , it was n't till I was almost done with the salad that I realized they had n't put the crumbled blue cheese on it .	dressing	neutral
The steak and dressing were tasty , it was n't till I was almost done with the salad that I realized they had n't put the crumbled blue cheese on it .	salad	neutral
Apparently they assumed if I could n't have the dressing the cheese itself was also off limits .	cheese	neutral
They brought me a little and I enjoyed it with the remainder of my salad .	salad	neutral
Salad was a good portion and about 16 . 00 .	Salad	neutral
Overall portions were good on both wine and food .	portions	neutral
Overall portions were good on both wine and food .	wine	neutral
Overall portions were good on both wine and food .	food	neutral
Service good and very prompt .	Service	neutral
Atmosphere is nice with comfortable booths , high top tables and a bar with tv .	Atmosphere	neutral
Atmosphere is nice with comfortable booths , high top tables and a bar with tv .	booths	neutral
Atmosphere is nice with comfortable booths , high top tables and a bar with tv .	tables	neutral
Atmosphere is nice with comfortable booths , high top tables and a bar with tv .	bar	neutral
Also lovely windows overlooking the runway .	windows	neutral
But this place was awesome .	place	neutral
It is easily the BEST service I 've experienced .	service	neutral
Our waiter was amazing , and I wish I would 've remembered his name .	waiter	neutral
We thoroughly enjoyed our meal , everything was delicious ! ! !	meal	neutral
Is this supposed to be delicious soul food ?	soul food	neutral
Its a crap piece of chicken and a crap waffle on a plate for 8 bucks .	chicken	neutral
Its a crap piece of chicken and a crap waffle on a plate for 8 bucks .	waffle	neutral
Back to the real restaurants for me .	restaurants	neutral
It 's long overdue too since Blaze has become one of our favorite pizza places !	Blaze	neutral
There is so much variety in their toppings too .	toppings	neutral
You can even choose your type of crust , cheese , and sauce .	crust	neutral
You can even choose your type of crust , cheese , and sauce .	cheese	neutral
You can even choose your type of crust , cheese , and sauce .	sauce	neutral
14 pies , but I know their pizza is worth the wait !	pies	neutral
14 pies , but I know their pizza is worth the wait !	pizza	neutral
Good and consistent Italian food .	Italian food	neutral
The service here is beyond amazing ...	service	neutral
I feel like the food quality has slipped since they first opened though .	food	neutral
The last two times I 've been in the food ( specifically entrees ) has been nothing great at all .	food	neutral
The last two times I 've been in the food ( specifically entrees ) has been nothing great at all .	entrees	neutral
If the cook staff is anything like the extremely warm and friendly kid that is always working at the bar , I 'm sure they will get things figured out .	cook staff	neutral
Until then , this is definitely a great place for wine and croquettes !	place	neutral
Until then , this is definitely a great place for wine and croquettes !	wine	neutral
Until then , this is definitely a great place for wine and croquettes !	croquettes	neutral
Private rooms and lounge .	lounge	neutral
And did I say great drink prices ! ! ! !	drink	neutral
First time but fun ... and food .	food	neutral
The performers were all very good and very talented , I give them a lot of credit for what they do	performers	neutral
but this show was all over the place , completely disjointed and not even close to being sexy .	show	neutral
This show is way overrated , I ca n't believe I spent money on this one ...	show	neutral
Had a taste of the brisket ribs and pulled pork .	brisket ribs	neutral
Had a taste of the brisket ribs and pulled pork .	pulled pork	neutral
They were fresh and from scratch the baked beans had a lovely consistency they were not from a can .	baked beans	neutral
On top of the food tasting good	food	neutral
The dining experience was clean but it is extremely casual , this is not a place to take your significant other for a candle lit dinner .	dining	neutral
The dining experience was clean but it is extremely casual , this is not a place to take your significant other for a candle lit dinner .	place	neutral
Decent fast food burger , option of gluten - free bun or lettuce - wrap for the burger was nice .	fast food	neutral
Decent fast food burger , option of gluten - free bun or lettuce - wrap for the burger was nice .	burger	neutral
Decent fast food burger , option of gluten - free bun or lettuce - wrap for the burger was nice .	bun	neutral
Decent fast food burger , option of gluten - free bun or lettuce - wrap for the burger was nice .	burger	neutral
Good taste , nice selection / menu .	menu	neutral
Luis always makes the best drinks and the happy hour ca n't be beat .	Luis	neutral
Luis always makes the best drinks and the happy hour ca n't be beat .	drinks	neutral
Luis always makes the best drinks and the happy hour ca n't be beat .	happy	neutral
What a nice town bar and grill with great bartenders and great food at very reasonable prices ... they frequently do live music and events which can really be fun ... would definitely recommend	bar	neutral
What a nice town bar and grill with great bartenders and great food at very reasonable prices ... they frequently do live music and events which can really be fun ... would definitely recommend	grill	neutral
What a nice town bar and grill with great bartenders and great food at very reasonable prices ... they frequently do live music and events which can really be fun ... would definitely recommend	bartenders	neutral
What a nice town bar and grill with great bartenders and great food at very reasonable prices ... they frequently do live music and events which can really be fun ... would definitely recommend	food	neutral
We got seated out on the balcony , overlooking the strip and a server came over with whom we ordered our drinks .	server	neutral
I could n't believe the wait for our food was so long since it was 9:30 at night and the restaurant was not even busy .	wait	neutral
During this time that we were waiting multiple servers walked by us without ever asking if we needed refills on the drinks that were brought nearly 40 minutes before .	servers	neutral
We were both getting really hungry and eventually had to pull a server aside ( no one was checking on our table ) to ask how much longer it would be .	server	neutral
With the restaurant not being anywhere close to full this made no sense to us .	restaurant	neutral
It was disappointing to us because we had waited so long for our food and because the entrees at this restaurant are not inexpensive .	entrees	neutral
As soon as our plates were placed on the table the server said , " okay , enjoy " .	server	neutral
The entire experience was extremely disappointing because I know the Rainforest Cafe is able to deliver good service , from their previous location but , this was anything but good service .	Rainforest Cafe	neutral
The entire experience was extremely disappointing because I know the Rainforest Cafe is able to deliver good service , from their previous location but , this was anything but good service .	service	neutral
The entire experience was extremely disappointing because I know the Rainforest Cafe is able to deliver good service , from their previous location but , this was anything but good service .	service	neutral
I do n't think we 'll be returning to the Rainforest Cafe anytime soon .	Rainforest Cafe	neutral
The food is n't incredible but it also is n't bad and the location can not be beat .	food	neutral
The food is n't incredible but it also is n't bad and the location can not be beat .	location	neutral
I love their salads and my sisters & I hung out in the bar and had a great night one cold , wintry day .	salads	neutral
This place is freaking sweet from how it 's set up to the service to the food .	place	neutral
This place is freaking sweet from how it 's set up to the service to the food .	service	neutral
This place is freaking sweet from how it 's set up to the service to the food .	food	neutral
Omg it was all so good the onion rings were n't hand battered and you could tell they where frozen but	onion rings	neutral
The burger was packed with flavor and the sauce they use on it was unforgettable it was a thin patty	burger	neutral
The burger was packed with flavor and the sauce they use on it was unforgettable it was a thin patty	sauce	neutral
warm bun it just melted .	bun	neutral
The shake was so spot on and not over powering or fake tasting also .	shake	neutral
One thing I 'm still confused about is I got a side of bbq cause with the onion rings and I swear it had like a light cinnamon undertone to it	onion rings	neutral
Mad props to the people who work here who make this place truly one of a kind .	place	neutral
Keep doing you and do n't change a thing because this place is doing things right !	place	neutral
Having only been here one other time many years ago I would have to say the food was good .	food	neutral
Service was extremely slow on a mid week night with only a few other tables being filled .	Service	neutral
Sure they had some amazing money balls and some stuffed peppers that were very very tasty .	money balls	neutral
Sure they had some amazing money balls and some stuffed peppers that were very very tasty .	stuffed peppers	neutral
With all the food options available in the Montrose area this is not one that I will probably return to .	food	neutral
I have given it a fair shot visiting 3 different times and had 3 different meals .	meals	neutral
While all the meals were palatable , the value just is not there .	meals	neutral
50 for a flat bread pizza is ridiculous , and $ 12 .	flat bread pizza	neutral
50 for a burger and fries is also on the high side .	burger	neutral
50 for a burger and fries is also on the high side .	fries	neutral
Two out of the three times service has been sub par .	service	neutral
Next time I want mediocre service and over priced food I will stop sooner and hit up Chili 's	service	neutral
Next time I want mediocre service and over priced food I will stop sooner and hit up Chili 's	food	neutral
Next time I want mediocre service and over priced food I will stop sooner and hit up Chili 's	Chili	neutral
The mac and cheese was amazing , highly recommend it .	mac and cheese	neutral
Also had the lobster omelette which was delicious .	lobster omelette	neutral
would recommend this spot to anyone looking for a great meal and good vibes .	spot	neutral
would recommend this spot to anyone looking for a great meal and good vibes .	meal	neutral
would recommend this spot to anyone looking for a great meal and good vibes .	vibes	neutral
The frozen margarita was super sweet	frozen margarita	neutral
The fajitas were also good but definitely not the best I 've had ( hence the four stars )	fajitas	neutral
The restaurant is close to Park Lanes bowling lanes	restaurant	neutral
I loved the decor and heard the tacos were amazing .	decor	neutral
I loved the decor and heard the tacos were amazing .	tacos	neutral
The sangria was SO GOOD .	sangria	neutral
Great staff !	staff	neutral
Clean environment and a ton to do .	environment	neutral
I like that there are staff walking around and maintaining the facility .	staff	neutral
A lot of food choices that are baked .	food	neutral
Fantastic place to bring your kids at any age .	place	neutral
All you can eat sushi for $ 19 but it 's not a buffet set - up .	All you can eat sushi	neutral
Huge , 2 page menu- good variety to choose from - from udon , nigiri , rolls , tempura and desert .	menu-	neutral
Huge , 2 page menu- good variety to choose from - from udon , nigiri , rolls , tempura and desert .	udon	neutral
Huge , 2 page menu- good variety to choose from - from udon , nigiri , rolls , tempura and desert .	nigiri	neutral
Huge , 2 page menu- good variety to choose from - from udon , nigiri , rolls , tempura and desert .	rolls	neutral
Huge , 2 page menu- good variety to choose from - from udon , nigiri , rolls , tempura and desert .	tempura	neutral
Friendly , welcoming Nd clean establishment .	establishment	neutral
The pies are to die for ..	pies	neutral
Extremely good food !	food	neutral
I was pleasantly surprised by there steak , and service was prompt and courteous .	steak	neutral
I was pleasantly surprised by there steak , and service was prompt and courteous .	service	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
The coffee smells great and tastes better .	coffee	neutral
The staff are very friendly , they remembered me a week later !	staff	neutral
Chill music and wifi too .	music	neutral
Best hot dog downtown Las Vegas .	hot dog	neutral
This may be the best Mexican place to eat in Vegas .	Mexican place	neutral
The food and service were phenomenal .	food	neutral
The food and service were phenomenal .	service	neutral
This place is a gem , and I hope it stays this way for a long time .	place	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
and Oregano 's is the best IMO .	Oregano 's	neutral
Oregano 's never disappoints .	Oregano 's	neutral
As an added bonus , their patio is dog - friendly so I am able to take my fur - baby whenever the weather permits .	patio	neutral
I get my thin - crust pizza and she gets her chicken breast .	thin	neutral
I get my thin - crust pizza and she gets her chicken breast .	pizza	neutral
Their salads are delicious but huge .	salads	neutral
The tacos are on point : quality tortilla , fresh cooked meats , perfect potatoes and eggs .	tacos	neutral
The tacos are on point : quality tortilla , fresh cooked meats , perfect potatoes and eggs .	tortilla	neutral
The tacos are on point : quality tortilla , fresh cooked meats , perfect potatoes and eggs .	meats	neutral
The tacos are on point : quality tortilla , fresh cooked meats , perfect potatoes and eggs .	potatoes	neutral
The tacos are on point : quality tortilla , fresh cooked meats , perfect potatoes and eggs .	eggs	neutral
I am pretty pleased that the tea taste is on par to my expectations .	tea	neutral
Thai iced tea , taro , ANYTHING RED BEAN ! ! ! , plain ole milk tea , or almond .	milk	neutral
Customization : half or quarter sugar , light ice , and I play around with the milks .	milks	neutral
Their Chai Latte is delicious !	Chai Latte	neutral
Also , their garlic butter bread is HUGE and is not only for one person ( probably good for 4 - 5 ) but its a must - try .	garlic butter bread	neutral
The ambiance is great too , you can see lots of people on their computers either studying or working .	ambiance	neutral
Great place if you 're tired of Starbucks	place	neutral
Our waitress was very slow , and often times difficult to locate .	waitress	neutral
Cocktails were excellent , as was the appetizer ( HUGE portions ) .	Cocktails	neutral
Cocktails were excellent , as was the appetizer ( HUGE portions ) .	appetizer	neutral
My husband loved his , but my pimento cheeseburger did n't excite me .	pimento cheeseburger	neutral
I 've had better ( try Block & Grinder for an excellent one ) .	Block & Grinder	neutral
Pop Up Pizza has some really great pizza !	Pop Up Pizza	neutral
Pop Up Pizza has some really great pizza !	pizza	neutral
But Pop Up Pizza has a pizza that is not only vegan , but delicious !	pizza	neutral
Their pizza was thin , which I usually am not a fan of .	pizza	neutral
However , their pizza completely changed my view about thin pizzas .	pizza	neutral
However , their pizza completely changed my view about thin pizzas .	thin pizzas	neutral
My boyfriend also tried their cheese pizzas & he finds them delicious as well .	cheese pizzas	neutral
Fruit Jungle is the best place to get bbt	Fruit Jungle	neutral
If you 're at FMP , skip the fancy ads at all the other bbt places in the food court and check out fruit jungle at the edge of the mall near the jerky and korean ginseng place .	jerky and korean ginseng place	neutral
Their original milk tea is also pretty good	original milk tea	neutral
The drinks are around $ 5 , depending on size and how many flavours you mix .	drinks	neutral
consistently good bubbles	bubbles	neutral
Have not had a Singapore Sling in years !	Singapore Sling	neutral
Great food - loved the Paneer Tikka Masala .	food	neutral
Great food - loved the Paneer Tikka Masala .	Paneer Tikka Masala	neutral
The food is great and everything is fresh and DELICIOUS ! ! !	food	neutral
But their service is awful ; especially regarding the prices at this restaurant ...	service	neutral
But their service is awful ; especially regarding the prices at this restaurant ...	restaurant	neutral
the minimum of courtesy from the waiters and/or the staff is expected !	waiters	neutral
the minimum of courtesy from the waiters and/or the staff is expected !	staff	neutral
no one to explain us what fish to chose or what fish left .. even when I went to see it on their famous fish board the waiters saw me and let me by myself without giving me a help ; they were very pushy regarding our drinks .	waiters	neutral
Love the vibe .	vibe	neutral
Bartenders and wait staff is super knowledgeable .	Bartenders	neutral
Bartenders and wait staff is super knowledgeable .	wait staff	neutral
Sydney was our waitress and she was definitely on point .	Sydney	neutral
I recommend the pot roast dumplings and the lemon pepper chicken noodle soup .	pot roast dumplings	neutral
I recommend the pot roast dumplings and the lemon pepper chicken noodle soup .	lemon pepper chicken noodle soup	neutral
Great cocktails .	cocktails	neutral
The ONLY pet peeve : I could taste the dish detergent on the drinks and the water ( my husband could n't ) .	dish	neutral
The ONLY pet peeve : I could taste the dish detergent on the drinks and the water ( my husband could n't ) .	drinks	neutral
But the cocktail list was inventive and I 'd love to try them all !	cocktail list	neutral
On a side note , I liked the wall art in the bathroom .	wall art	neutral
On a side note , I liked the wall art in the bathroom .	bathroom	neutral
Food is ok .	Food	neutral
Service is pretty slow .	Service	neutral
Had the egg and fish curry and seemed passable .	egg and fish curry	neutral
This place is nothing short of disgusting with dirt everywhere and no toilet tissue paper .	place	neutral
Service was incredibly SLOW .	Service	neutral
Then when the burgers came , they were n't even good .	burgers	neutral
Cheap food , good service , but ok food .	food	neutral
Cheap food , good service , but ok food .	service	neutral
Cheap food , good service , but ok food .	food	neutral
My boyfriend and I showed up on a Monday night , which meant 50 % off all fries and wings .	fries	neutral
My boyfriend and I showed up on a Monday night , which meant 50 % off all fries and wings .	wings	neutral
Our ( attractive ) server , Dominick , was a tall and personable individual who checked up on us constantly even though we were the furthest point of the outdoor section .	server	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
The cheese curds were just ok , which was disappointing .	cheese curds	neutral
The Korean fries were pretty great , but were a very small portion for the $ 12 price tag ( luckily it was half off for us ) .	Korean fries	neutral
The wings too were ok , but nothing to write home about .	wings	neutral
It 's a pretty dark space , heavily style with an island flair ... both in decor and menu .	space	neutral
It 's a pretty dark space , heavily style with an island flair ... both in decor and menu .	decor	neutral
It 's a pretty dark space , heavily style with an island flair ... both in decor and menu .	menu	neutral
The menu is pretty small , but all of the items that I 've tried have been pretty good , and the service has always been really good , whether sitting inside or outside .	menu	neutral
The menu is pretty small , but all of the items that I 've tried have been pretty good , and the service has always been really good , whether sitting inside or outside .	service	neutral
We absolutely love their black bean dip , but fair warning : it 's pretty spicy if you 're not good with heat .	black bean dip	neutral
The burger is good , as well as the cuban sandwich , but my go - to is probably the fish tacos .	burger	neutral
The burger is good , as well as the cuban sandwich , but my go - to is probably the fish tacos .	cuban sandwich	neutral
The burger is good , as well as the cuban sandwich , but my go - to is probably the fish tacos .	fish tacos	neutral
I tend to think they overdo it on the cream sauce , but otherwise , they 're excellent .	cream sauce	neutral
The red sangria is also delicious !	red sangria	neutral
I would n't say the food will blow you away , but I doubt you 'll be disappointed , either .	food	neutral
It 's warm vibe and good service means it 's good for both casual meals and for a nice date night spot .	vibe	neutral
It 's warm vibe and good service means it 's good for both casual meals and for a nice date night spot .	service	neutral
It 's warm vibe and good service means it 's good for both casual meals and for a nice date night spot .	meals	neutral
The tamale was kind of " fluffy , " there was hardly any meat inside .	tamale	neutral
Beans were very standard , chips and salsa were okay .	Beans	neutral
Beans were very standard , chips and salsa were okay .	chips	neutral
Beans were very standard , chips and salsa were okay .	salsa	neutral
The water was absolutely horrible though .	water	neutral
Of all the stand alone pizza places .	pizza	neutral
Cheese is n't too greasy , crust is above par , and toppings as fresh as can be expected .	Cheese	neutral
Cheese is n't too greasy , crust is above par , and toppings as fresh as can be expected .	crust	neutral
Cheese is n't too greasy , crust is above par , and toppings as fresh as can be expected .	toppings	neutral
Aside from that , the menus does n't differ too much from most pizza places .	menus	neutral
Great local pizza , meatball sandwiches , prepared foods , Italian grocery and pastries .. the coffee is one of the best , but I prefer their beer to wash it all down with ..	pizza	neutral
Great local pizza , meatball sandwiches , prepared foods , Italian grocery and pastries .. the coffee is one of the best , but I prefer their beer to wash it all down with ..	meatball sandwiches	neutral
Great local pizza , meatball sandwiches , prepared foods , Italian grocery and pastries .. the coffee is one of the best , but I prefer their beer to wash it all down with ..	prepared foods	neutral
Great local pizza , meatball sandwiches , prepared foods , Italian grocery and pastries .. the coffee is one of the best , but I prefer their beer to wash it all down with ..	Italian grocery	neutral
Great local pizza , meatball sandwiches , prepared foods , Italian grocery and pastries .. the coffee is one of the best , but I prefer their beer to wash it all down with ..	pastries	neutral
Great local pizza , meatball sandwiches , prepared foods , Italian grocery and pastries .. the coffee is one of the best , but I prefer their beer to wash it all down with ..	coffee	neutral
Great local pizza , meatball sandwiches , prepared foods , Italian grocery and pastries .. the coffee is one of the best , but I prefer their beer to wash it all down with ..	beer	neutral
This has to be one of the BEST pizzas I 've ever experienced !	pizzas	neutral
In addition to the sandwiches , loaded nachos , etc .	sandwiches	neutral
I 'm a big fan of the plates because I do n't really care about the bun .	plates	neutral
I 'm a big fan of the plates because I do n't really care about the bun .	bun	neutral
I 've yet to find a side that is n't totally delicious .	side	neutral
Even the coleslaw tastes great , and I usually hate coleslaw !	coleslaw	neutral
The people here are super friendly and attentive .	people	neutral
It 's amazing and cheap local BBQ !	BBQ	neutral
Large delicious menu that makes you want to venture out of the norm !	menu	neutral
Staff is hands on and takes pride in their work !	Staff	neutral
Live band on weekends and attentive bartenders !	bartenders	neutral
Oh , their bread service ! ! ! ! ! ! !	bread service	neutral
Not a bad place .	place	neutral
I 've been here a few times and it 's pretty consistent - a large seating room , never had to wait more than a few minutes for a table ( usually we 're seated immediately on arrival ) , the food 's ready pretty quickly and if you order spicy you get spicy .	seating room	neutral
One of the highlights of the restaurant is the male waiter .	male	neutral
One of the highlights of the restaurant is the male waiter .	waiter	neutral
Restrooms are kept very clean as well .	Restrooms	neutral
Best tasting Thai	Thai	neutral
Customer service was A+ and the food ? ? ! !	Customer service	neutral
Customer service was A+ and the food ? ? ! !	food	neutral
This place satisfied my craving AND was seasoned correctly .	place	neutral
Booths were comfy and the vibe was cozy .	Booths	neutral
Booths were comfy and the vibe was cozy .	vibe	neutral
Enjoyed that a complimentary appetizer was brought out even before ordering .	appetizer	neutral
Try the fried donuts ! ! !	fried donuts	neutral
The red chili beef and green chili beef was so good and perfect size .	red chili beef and	neutral
The red chili beef and green chili beef was so good and perfect size .	green chili beef	neutral
The rice was so good !	rice	neutral
but that 's cause I do n't like whole beans mixed with my smooth beans .	beans	neutral
Fast service , convenient location and the bagels are great !	service	neutral
Fast service , convenient location and the bagels are great !	location	neutral
Fast service , convenient location and the bagels are great !	bagels	neutral
They also serve breakfast sandwiches which are very good .	breakfast sandwiches	neutral
The atmosphere is relaxed with an urban feel , very comfortable .	atmosphere	neutral
You can bring your dogs to sit out on the patio with you .	patio	neutral
Oh , and the coffee is GOOD ! !	coffee	neutral
Tip : Order the Yellowtail Tar Tar for sure .	Yellowtail Tar Tar	neutral
Pros : Great food , flavor you can savor and recognize .	food	neutral
Cons : Uncomfortable seating .	seating	neutral
It may be easy to get a seat , but this restaurant is also on the 2nd floor , and you need to take a scary elevator , or the stairs .	restaurant	neutral
Handicapped people are treated to a free haunted ride of the elevator !	elevator	neutral
The staff was either not trained properly or just choose to be lazy and unfriendly to the customers .	staff	neutral
The best Dairy Queen location in Brampton is definitely the Centre St location , great patio and great service there .	Centre St	neutral
The best Dairy Queen location in Brampton is definitely the Centre St location , great patio and great service there .	patio	neutral
The best Dairy Queen location in Brampton is definitely the Centre St location , great patio and great service there .	service	neutral
one day I was eating there and there was a spill of water on the floor I saw the waitress wiped the floor with the same towel that she wipes the tables with that	waitress	neutral
That made me sick wondering what 's going on in the kitchen	kitchen	neutral
This is a great little place .	place	neutral
Very friendly staff and the food is always spot on .	staff	neutral
Very friendly staff and the food is always spot on .	food	neutral
Portions are good with kids meals just the right size .	Portions	neutral
The menu is ok , not stellar .	menu	neutral
The best thing is their Lemon rice .	Lemon rice	neutral
it 's a greasy spoon after all .	greasy spoon	neutral
The tea was lukewarm .	tea	neutral
The veggie omelette was decent , except the included cheese was a Kraft single .	veggie omelette	neutral
The veggie omelette was decent , except the included cheese was a Kraft single .	included cheese	neutral
Home fries were soft and tasteless .	Home fries	neutral
Whole wheat toast was basically Wonder brown bread .	Whole wheat toast	neutral
Decent value for a pedestrian breakfast , but I 've had much better at other greasy spoons .	breakfast	neutral
Especially LOVE the Tosti Elote !	Tosti Elote	neutral
I was very surprised at how clean and organized this place was .	place	neutral
I was seriously expecting something that was a layout of a Big Lots or 99 cent store , but was pleasantly surprised how their aisles are neatly organized .	aisles	neutral
I can not stress enough how clean this place is !	place	neutral
There 's some very awesome deals you can find in the weekly papers , I 've saved a couple of dollars by buying my produce here , and you get more bang for your buck on the fruit here than anywhere I 've been .	produce	neutral
There 's some very awesome deals you can find in the weekly papers , I 've saved a couple of dollars by buying my produce here , and you get more bang for your buck on the fruit here than anywhere I 've been .	fruit	neutral
The PIZZA is amazing .	PIZZA	neutral
There were two nice and friendly hostess that informed us that there was roughly a 10 - 15 minute wait .	hostess	neutral
I waiter came and he was nice and friendly .	waiter	neutral
They recommend that If you are getting their famous deep - dish - pizza , that you put that in first since it takes about 45minutes for it to cook .	deep - dish - pizza	neutral
This was my first Chicago style deep dish pizza and it did not disappoint .	deep dish pizza	neutral
I had to use a knife and fork to cut eat my pizza because the slices are HUGE .	slices	neutral
My only problem was that I had sauce all over my shirt because I kept forgetting that the sauce is on top ( so it keep sliding off and hitting my place ) .	sauce	neutral
I love this place and will defiantly be returning soon for some more yummy goodness .	place	neutral
Located in the heart of the Church & Wellesley Village ( across the street from the Wellesley subway / bus station ) , this restaurant located on the second floor or 25 Wellesley Street East offers traditional Indian fare at affordable prices .	Indian fare	neutral
Being one of the few Indian restaurants in the vicinity that offers an all - you - can eat lunch buffet , the place can see traffic most days from 12:00 - 2:00pm , but otherwise it 's slow throughout the rest of the day .	all	neutral
Food is good , however selection of desserts is small and waiter service can be slow .	Food	neutral
Food is good , however selection of desserts is small and waiter service can be slow .	selection of	neutral
Food is good , however selection of desserts is small and waiter service can be slow .	desserts	neutral
Food is good , however selection of desserts is small and waiter service can be slow .	waiter service	neutral
I had to flag a waiter just to request naan bread that my original waiter told me he would bring over but never did .	waiter	neutral
Otherwise , it 's a good spot to have a meal and people watch ( walking on the street and congregating in the patio of the bar next door ) .	spot	neutral
The restaurant has a nice and relaxing ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
For dinner , I had the salmon and he had the seared sea scallops .	salmon	neutral
We ordered the pan fried corn and the haricot vert as sides .	pan fried	neutral
We ordered the pan fried corn and the haricot vert as sides .	haricot vert	neutral
Starting with the salad , the lettuce was not very crisp .	salad	neutral
Starting with the salad , the lettuce was not very crisp .	lettuce	neutral
My salmon was excellent so were the sides .	salmon	neutral
My salmon was excellent so were the sides .	sides	neutral
However , we thought paying 20 dollars for four pieces of scallops which was my husbands dinner entree was too much and was n't worth it .	scallops	neutral
The cheese cake was also good .	cheese cake	neutral
We arrived a bit early to take advantage of their Happy Hour and the bartender made the most delicious pear martini 's .	bartender	neutral
The bar & lounge area quickly filled up and within a short time it was standing room only .	bar	neutral
The bar & lounge area quickly filled up and within a short time it was standing room only .	lounge area	neutral
So , if you 're looking to enjoy Happy Hour be sure to get there early !	Happy	neutral
Once we were seated our server introduced himself and seemed very knowledgeable about the menu items and explaining what items were not available because of quality issues .	server	neutral
They also finally introduced a non - seafood appetizer which delighted my husband who does n't like seafood .	non -	neutral
I opted for the crab cakes which , although good , it took me a bit to warm up to as they were not traditional crab cakes but more like soft lumps of crab molded into a round cake form but not baked or pan seared like I would have expected ( or maybe they were just not cooked long enough ) .	crab cakes	neutral
For my entree I ordered the Seafood Jackpot which I always order and thoroughly enjoy .	Seafood Jackpot	neutral
This time , though , I was disappointed : the oysters were super small , my crab claws were still somewhat frozen and the shrimp and lobster tail tasted like they had been sitting on ice too long .	oysters	neutral
This time , though , I was disappointed : the oysters were super small , my crab claws were still somewhat frozen and the shrimp and lobster tail tasted like they had been sitting on ice too long .	crab claws	neutral
This time , though , I was disappointed : the oysters were super small , my crab claws were still somewhat frozen and the shrimp and lobster tail tasted like they had been sitting on ice too long .	shrimp	neutral
This time , though , I was disappointed : the oysters were super small , my crab claws were still somewhat frozen and the shrimp and lobster tail tasted like they had been sitting on ice too long .	lobster tail	neutral
The lump crab was very good but certainly did n't make up for the price paid for the entree .	lump crab	neutral
He said the best part of his dinner was his baked potato .	baked potato	neutral
Although we 've enjoyed Hanks in the past we 're not really certain that we 'll be going back for dinner since it 's supposed to be a high end restaurant and this time , other than the pear martini , it was beyond disappointing especially for the price .	pear martini	neutral
Love the food here .	food	neutral
The crab pot is really nice .	crab pot	neutral
Every time I 've received my food , it 's hot and fresh .	food	neutral
The delivery is lightning fast .	delivery	neutral
We got the " chefs choice " dinner , where basically the chef chooses and sends out several courses .	chef	neutral
Even the beef tartare that I very nervously tried was amazing .	beef tartare	neutral
My husband said the NY strip grilled over imported japanese charcoal was the best steak he 's had in Charlotte ( and the man knows steak ! )	NY strip grilled over imported japanese charcoal	neutral
My husband said the NY strip grilled over imported japanese charcoal was the best steak he 's had in Charlotte ( and the man knows steak ! )	steak	neutral
the service and food were impeccable .	service	neutral
the service and food were impeccable .	food	neutral
I also definitely recommend the hibiscus champagne cocktail !	hibiscus champagne cocktail	neutral
I have all u can eat pancakes send in to get more hear from the back	all	neutral
I guess the reviews on here are right this place is as bad in service the food was good	service	neutral
I guess the reviews on here are right this place is as bad in service the food was good	food	neutral
Had a lovely time at Bonterra .	Bonterra	neutral
My experience may be slightly different than others , as we sat at the bar and got quite a bit of conversation in with the bartender and some of the staff .	bartender	neutral
I 've mentioned this in other reviews ; when the staff is super into the food they create , it gets the patrons into it .	staff	neutral
one - off charcuterie boards explained to me by the head chef , who made the selections .	charcuterie	neutral
The bison carpaccio was a surprisingly large portion and exploding with flavour -- it came with sunchoke chips which is something I 've never had before but was absolutely killer (	bison carpaccio	neutral
The bison carpaccio was a surprisingly large portion and exploding with flavour -- it came with sunchoke chips which is something I 've never had before but was absolutely killer (	sunchoke chips	neutral
Service was very good , though that could be because we were at the bar .	Service	neutral
Drinks were served with care , showcasing an excellent wine and gin selection .	Drinks	neutral
Drinks were served with care , showcasing an excellent wine and gin selection .	wine	neutral
Drinks were served with care , showcasing an excellent wine and gin selection .	gin selection	neutral
The food was five star all around .	food	neutral
We ordered the El Jeffe burrito , enchilada style , Christmas , along with the egg and chorizo burrito and an order of chips and salsa .	El	neutral
We ordered the El Jeffe burrito , enchilada style , Christmas , along with the egg and chorizo burrito and an order of chips and salsa .	egg and chorizo burrito	neutral
Wonderful little Mom and Pop place .	Mom and	neutral
Only reason for not a five star was the guy working the counter seemed completely disinterested .	guy	neutral
And that applies all the way from the ambience , service , food and overall experience ! !	ambience	neutral
And that applies all the way from the ambience , service , food and overall experience ! !	service	neutral
And that applies all the way from the ambience , service , food and overall experience ! !	food	neutral
The French onion soup was to die for .	French onion soup	neutral
The broth was rich tasting and had just the right amount of cheese .	broth	neutral
The baked goat with the garlic bread was superb .	baked goat with the garlic bread	neutral
The table service was impeccable .	table service	neutral
Our water glass was constantly filled and our server very attentive and pleasant .	server	neutral
but I 've left sick more than once ... on the food ... not the tequila !	food	neutral
but I 've left sick more than once ... on the food ... not the tequila !	tequila	neutral
They 've recently revamped the interior - it 's very much improved !	interior	neutral
They changed all the tables , lamps and chairs , and bought new tableware .	tables	neutral
They changed all the tables , lamps and chairs , and bought new tableware .	lamps	neutral
They changed all the tables , lamps and chairs , and bought new tableware .	tableware	neutral
It was mostly empty , but tables started filling up as soon as we ordered ( we do n't even need to look at the menu anymore - we just get lamb / coriander and pork / coriander , both steamed ) .	lamb / coriander	neutral
It was mostly empty , but tables started filling up as soon as we ordered ( we do n't even need to look at the menu anymore - we just get lamb / coriander and pork / coriander , both steamed ) .	pork / coriander	neutral
The dumplings were hot and delicious , as usual .	dumplings	neutral
Look no further for good dumplings !	dumplings	neutral
Taliesin West is really neat !	Taliesin West	neutral
I took the 90 minute Summer Insights tour ( $ 20 ) and it was well worth the money .	Summer Insights	neutral
The tour guide was very knowledgeable and had a lot of interesting anecdotes to share .	tour guide	neutral
Great sushi buffet ....	sushi buffet	neutral
they have a little bit of everything and staff was attentative .	staff	neutral
Hands down the best fish and chips in the country ! ! !	fish and chips	neutral
Add the miss Vicki 's to your batter and it will be amazing !	miss Vicki 's	neutral
I remember growing up in the dirty jersey and hitting the shore for giant slices of pizza .	pizza	neutral
Benny 's are even bigger than these slices .	Benny	neutral
Not only can you be full off of one slice , but good god the pizza is actually good .	pizza	neutral
This might be my new go to pizza place .	pizza place	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
I had the pork carnitas , I 'm used to having it shredded but it still had good flavor , but also had a lot of fat .	pork carnitas	neutral
Because this place is probably one of the most crowded grocery stores I 've ever been to in a long time .	place	neutral
The produce is very fresh , and the meats and seafood seem the same too .	produce	neutral
The produce is very fresh , and the meats and seafood seem the same too .	meats	neutral
The produce is very fresh , and the meats and seafood seem the same too .	seafood	neutral
Funny part here is that I would almost expect Summerlin prices to be a bit more , but overall the prices were comparable or cheaper than Lowe 's Foods in North Carolina .	Summerlin	neutral
One of the things I like the best about this Sobey 's is the Hot Food counter .	Hot Food counter	neutral
Their hot food is excellent !	hot food	neutral
They have a small sushi section too .	sushi section	neutral
The staff is always nice and efficient here .	staff	neutral
Also you get 2 complimentary drinks - alcohol included !	drinks	neutral
I absolutely dig this place .	place	neutral
the tacos here are cheap and delicious , and the place is open late ( 2 - 4AM , depending on the night ) .	tacos	neutral
If you 're looking for a quick , simple , tasty , and affordable meal , you ca n't go wrong with this place .	meal	neutral
If you 're looking for a quick , simple , tasty , and affordable meal , you ca n't go wrong with this place .	place	neutral
Horrible service & food today .	service	neutral
Horrible service & food today .	food	neutral
I immediately opened bag when I got home & the fries were hard & cold , then I opened the filet - o - fish , attempted to take a bite and both buns were so rock hard & dried out that I could n't not bite through it .	fries	neutral
I immediately opened bag when I got home & the fries were hard & cold , then I opened the filet - o - fish , attempted to take a bite and both buns were so rock hard & dried out that I could n't not bite through it .	filet	neutral
I then call & speak to the manager Tasha , before I can even finish telling her of my experience and ask my questions how could this be when I waited over 10 minutes for food , she was rushing me off phone & just saying I have your mane	manager	neutral
and I will give you 2 free meals .	meals	neutral
I hope when I go back for replacement meal the service is better because this was poorest service ever ! ! !	meal	neutral
I hope when I go back for replacement meal the service is better because this was poorest service ever ! ! !	service	neutral
I hope when I go back for replacement meal the service is better because this was poorest service ever ! ! !	service	neutral
How do you run out of one of your most popular drinks ? ! ? ! ?	drinks	neutral
5/5 The wall lighting is nice and dim , the wall art is cool , the winner is the peak into the kitchen while your food is made .	wall lighting	neutral
5/5 The wall lighting is nice and dim , the wall art is cool , the winner is the peak into the kitchen while your food is made .	wall art	neutral
5/5 The wall lighting is nice and dim , the wall art is cool , the winner is the peak into the kitchen while your food is made .	kitchen	neutral
Built a little sloppy but best burger challenge in AZ hands down .	burger	neutral
The patty , the pork , the slaw .	patty	neutral
The patty , the pork , the slaw .	pork	neutral
The patty , the pork , the slaw .	slaw	neutral
The slwa is the perfect hot and sweet mix .	slwa	neutral
The beans are phenomenal .	beans	neutral
I 'm going to the Scottsdale porkopolis .	porkopolis	neutral
5/5 No curve balls , no extra slaw or fries .	curve	neutral
Super honest establishment .	establishment	neutral
Coolest guys ever .	guys	neutral
I do bulk and cuts weight lifting and challenges are for bulk .	bulk	neutral
Porkopolis will live in my favorites forever .	Porkopolis	neutral
This restaurant has a ton of charm and the classy feel of an old school steakhouse restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
This restaurant has a ton of charm and the classy feel of an old school steakhouse restaurant .	steakhouse restaurant	neutral
The wine selection is out of this world and the menu does n't disappoint .	wine selection	neutral
The wine selection is out of this world and the menu does n't disappoint .	menu	neutral
My husband had the steak and lobster special and I had the stuffed salmon .	steak and lobster special	neutral
Both entrees were like nothing I have ever had .	entrees	neutral
Our server ( and I 'm going to butcher her name , Ayko ? ? ) was fabulous .	server	neutral
Gave us amazing drink and menu recommendations , and was at the top of her game with service .	drink	neutral
Gave us amazing drink and menu recommendations , and was at the top of her game with service .	menu	neutral
Gave us amazing drink and menu recommendations , and was at the top of her game with service .	service	neutral
Best server we have ever had .	server	neutral
And if you have room for desert , get the croissant bread pudding .	croissant bread pudding	neutral
I was looking forward to fresh homemade pastrami , since its really hard to find outside of New York City .	pastrami	neutral
I ordered the pastrami hash , the pastrami was very good	pastrami hash	neutral
, i just wish the potatoes were more crispy , more like home fries , the soft potatoes did n't do it for me .	potatoes	neutral
, i just wish the potatoes were more crispy , more like home fries , the soft potatoes did n't do it for me .	soft potatoes	neutral
Other people ordered a corned beef sandwich and a pastrami sandwich which were both large and tasty .	corned beef sandwich	neutral
Other people ordered a corned beef sandwich and a pastrami sandwich which were both large and tasty .	pastrami sandwich	neutral
We also got an order of fries too , they were crispy , next time i 'll ask them to fry some pastrami and put it over my fries with an egg on top ?	fries	neutral
Both sandwiches were good but i liked the pastrami sandwich at Stage in the MGM better .	sandwiches	neutral
Both sandwiches were good but i liked the pastrami sandwich at Stage in the MGM better .	pastrami sandwich	neutral
Enjoyed having brunch at the patio .	patio	neutral
So many options to choice from , portions were huge , and you could tell everything was fresh and scratch made .	portions	neutral
and I decided we would be back before we went back home to try their Dutch Baby .	Dutch	neutral
If your unsure where you should go , give this place a try , you wo n't be disappointed !	place	neutral
save ur money and go to the Bacchanal where the food is n't old and has n't been sitting around .	food	neutral
the long wait at bacchanal is more worth it than getting food poisoning .	wait	neutral
Now with this delicous 12 " pizza the whole squad will be ready to go !	12	neutral
Now with this delicous 12 " pizza the whole squad will be ready to go !	pizza	neutral
Thanks Flamingos !	Flamingos	neutral
So , after reviewing the buffet options , and noticing it was $ 9 .	buffet	neutral
The Sunday buffet offers two soups , wings , two rices ( brown & white ) and 9 entrees , including beef with broccoli , sweet and sour chicken and shrimp , beef with peppers , seafood with cashews among a few .	beef with broccoli	neutral
The Sunday buffet offers two soups , wings , two rices ( brown & white ) and 9 entrees , including beef with broccoli , sweet and sour chicken and shrimp , beef with peppers , seafood with cashews among a few .	sweet and sour chicken	neutral
The Sunday buffet offers two soups , wings , two rices ( brown & white ) and 9 entrees , including beef with broccoli , sweet and sour chicken and shrimp , beef with peppers , seafood with cashews among a few .	shrimp	neutral
I started with the egg drop soup and was n't thrilled , a little luke warm .	egg drop soup	neutral
However , the fried chicken wings were good .	fried chicken wings	neutral
As for the entrees , I tried the beef with broccoli , which was the first to go , and the cashew seafood , general tso 's chicken and sweet and sour chicken .	beef with broccoli	neutral
As for the entrees , I tried the beef with broccoli , which was the first to go , and the cashew seafood , general tso 's chicken and sweet and sour chicken .	cashew seafood	neutral
As for the entrees , I tried the beef with broccoli , which was the first to go , and the cashew seafood , general tso 's chicken and sweet and sour chicken .	general	neutral
As for the entrees , I tried the beef with broccoli , which was the first to go , and the cashew seafood , general tso 's chicken and sweet and sour chicken .	sweet and sour chicken	neutral
All were good , but overall I prefer fresh meals , served hot and fresh .	meals	neutral
Overall everything was good & servers seem to be all around to assist with anything .	servers	neutral
I got the Cajun chicken sandwich thing	Cajun chicken sandwich	neutral
My husband got the pulled pork sandwich and his was also amazing ! ! !	pulled pork sandwich	neutral
Bartender was very educated on the types of Oysters they had fresh .	Bartender	neutral
We had great drinks and several wonderful appetizers .	drinks	neutral
We had great drinks and several wonderful appetizers .	appetizers	neutral
The sashimi was fresh and was made to order right in front of us .	sashimi	neutral
The oysters were also shucked right in front of us .	oysters	neutral
Everything coming out of the kitchen looked good .	kitchen	neutral
The new outside area was open and looked like a lot of fun .	outside area	neutral
The kind of place you can eat a good dinner and stay the night for drinks and entertainment .	place	neutral
Great job with the design and menu .	menu	neutral
What awesome service .	service	neutral
We started with the potstickers ( $ 4 . 95 ) .	potstickers	neutral
Wifey went with her go to dish , the amaaaaazing Singapore rice noodles with BBQ pork and Shrimp ( 8 . 95 )	Singapore rice noodles with BBQ pork and Shrimp	neutral
This dish is EASILY enough to feed three people .	dish	neutral
I went with the salt and pepper pork chops .	salt and pepper pork chops	neutral
Awesome thin cut pork chops breaded , salted and served with jalapenos and chives .	thin	neutral
Awesome thin cut pork chops breaded , salted and served with jalapenos and chives .	pork chops	neutral
Super stoked that this place is right around the corner .	place	neutral
The service was good , very polite .	service	neutral
The food was good , I 've only been the one time , I got the Pa Naeng Curry	food	neutral
The food was good , I 've only been the one time , I got the Pa Naeng Curry	Pa Naeng Curry	neutral
The atmosphere is pleasant , and welcoming .	atmosphere	neutral
Hamburger is better than average , served with huge amount of fries .	Hamburger	neutral
Hamburger is better than average , served with huge amount of fries .	fries	neutral
Salads are boring .	Salads	neutral
Grilled shrimp dish was tasty but on the dry side and again served with huge amount of rice .	Grilled shrimp dish	neutral
Not really impressed with the menu offering .	menu offering	neutral
We thought that it 's very unprofessional to have wait staff eat in the dining room with paying customers .	wait staff	neutral
Great place to stop for lunch , but get there early	place	neutral
Food never disappoints but is a little pricey .	Food	neutral
Service is good .	Service	neutral
Lunch Buffet was the best !	Lunch Buffet	neutral
Food hot and fresh .	Food	neutral
I had the gyro and it was pretty good , the rice could have had a little more flavor but it was still good .	gyro	neutral
I had the gyro and it was pretty good , the rice could have had a little more flavor but it was still good .	rice	neutral
Their jalape単os and green sauce mix great with their dishes .	jalape単os	neutral
Their jalape単os and green sauce mix great with their dishes .	green sauce	neutral
Their jalape単os and green sauce mix great with their dishes .	dishes	neutral
The name fresh describe them well which is important when it comes to food .	food	neutral
I heard about this place a couple of weeks , and being from the South , I know and love good grits -	grits	neutral
We arrived Sat morning , and had a fun conversation with the lady ( she was wonderful ) at the register ( you order and pay first ) .	lady	neutral
I ordered biscuits and gravy with grits , but I never got my grits ( the biscuits and gravy were okay ) .	biscuits	neutral
I ordered biscuits and gravy with grits , but I never got my grits ( the biscuits and gravy were okay ) .	biscuits	neutral
I went back and stood at the counter , and after a couple of minutes I got the server 's attention and told her they missed the grits on my order .	server	neutral
First time ever at Carrabba 's & was pretty impressed with this place .	Carrabba 's	neutral
First time ever at Carrabba 's & was pretty impressed with this place .	place	neutral
The service was great .	service	neutral
Very knowledgeable staff	staff	neutral
good]. Food was good .	Food	neutral
I had Chicken Parm & it was extremely tender & good .	Chicken Parm	neutral
My wife had the Shrimp & Scallops with Ala Vodka sauce & demolished it .	Shrimp & Scallops with Ala Vodka sauce	neutral
The only problem was the linguini was a bit dry .	linguini	neutral
The house salad was n't great .	house salad	neutral
But my wife liked the Caesar .	Caesar	neutral
Mini Cannolis for dessert were very mini but good .	Mini Cannolis	neutral
Mini Cannolis for dessert were very mini but good .	dessert	neutral
Pizza is good !	Pizza	neutral
Great customer service .	customer service	neutral
The Cowboy and the garlic and spinach is very good !	Cowboy	neutral
The Cowboy and the garlic and spinach is very good !	garlic and spinach	neutral
Turnover is horrendous past 6 months .	Turnover	neutral
Service sub par and orders come out wrong .	Service	neutral
Service sub par and orders come out wrong .	orders	neutral
I really like Arribas .	Arribas	neutral
We had delicious appetizers and 99 cent margarita for my husband .	appetizers	neutral
We had delicious appetizers and 99 cent margarita for my husband .	margarita	neutral
The server was nice and attentive .	server	neutral
Good atmosphere fun place to go on a date or with a group of friends .	atmosphere	neutral
Good atmosphere fun place to go on a date or with a group of friends .	place	neutral
We sat in the bar area ( which still has tables , so I 'm not sure why people complain about that ) restaurant and bathrooms were clean and the hostess ' were nice .	bar	neutral
We sat in the bar area ( which still has tables , so I 'm not sure why people complain about that ) restaurant and bathrooms were clean and the hostess ' were nice .	bathrooms	neutral
We sat in the bar area ( which still has tables , so I 'm not sure why people complain about that ) restaurant and bathrooms were clean and the hostess ' were nice .	hostess	neutral
Thanks for a great evening Arribas !	Arribas	neutral
One other complaint , however small , the towels were like sandpaper , very rough .	towels	neutral
Try the guacamole and the butter lettuce shrimp salad .	guacamole	neutral
Try the guacamole and the butter lettuce shrimp salad .	butter lettuce shrimp salad	neutral
Great vibe , even better food	vibe	neutral
Great vibe , even better food	food	neutral
If you have choices , do not ever ever come to this place for a meal , because you will regret for that if you do have anything in the place .	place	neutral
Waiters acting like f**king cold blood animals , not even mentioning the waiting time is stupid long .	Waiters	neutral
Waiters acting like f**king cold blood animals , not even mentioning the waiting time is stupid long .	waiting	neutral
Worst place ever !	place	neutral
And they 're lucky that I ca n't give zero star to this place , I would definitely give a zero star if I could .	place	neutral
My new favorite brewery .	brewery	neutral
Had a great Hefe and their food was awesome .	Hefe	neutral
Had a great Hefe and their food was awesome .	food	neutral
BBQ pork sliders were the best I 've ever had .	BBQ pork sliders	neutral
Quick and easy ordering , service was nice and my salad and lemonade are fantastic !	service	neutral
Quick and easy ordering , service was nice and my salad and lemonade are fantastic !	salad	neutral
Quick and easy ordering , service was nice and my salad and lemonade are fantastic !	lemonade	neutral
Alex was polite , fast , and professional .	Alex	neutral
We ate here in February and we all enjoyed our food .	food	neutral
We all ordered omelets this time and were disappointed .	omelets	neutral
The egg was fully cooked with the ingredients stuck in the middle and the Denver omelette had more cheese than egg !	egg	neutral
The egg was fully cooked with the ingredients stuck in the middle and the Denver omelette had more cheese than egg !	Denver omelette	neutral
The waiting area is a gift shop	waiting area	neutral
I opted for the country ham and also got buttermilk biscuits on the side .	country ham	neutral
I was n't crazy about the dumplins .	dumplins	neutral
Then the meatloaf was okay but underwhelming whilst the ham was a bit salty .	meatloaf	neutral
Then the meatloaf was okay but underwhelming whilst the ham was a bit salty .	ham	neutral
Overall , the food was quite subpar .	food	neutral
Good food , good value .	food	neutral
The patties are pretty thin but the double burger is n't expensive and usually solve the issue with wanting more meat .	patties	neutral
The patties are pretty thin but the double burger is n't expensive and usually solve the issue with wanting more meat .	double burger	neutral
It 's not my favourite place	place	neutral
but it still a good burger	burger	neutral
I got the spicy wontons , the texture of the wonton wrapper itself was nice , but everything else was lacklustre .	spicy wontons	neutral
The actual chilli oil tasted very peppery , almost unpleasantly so .	chilli oil	neutral
The pickled vegetables that they put in the sauce / oil was nice though .	pickled vegetables	neutral
The pickled vegetables that they put in the sauce / oil was nice though .	sauce / oil	neutral
I also got to try some of my friend 's cold chicken dish .	cold chicken dish	neutral
but if you like cold chicken that tastes like Asian beef jerky then give it a shot .	chicken	neutral
Prices were reasonable though , but the portions are n't particularly huge .	portions	neutral
Delightful atmosphere and my kids love the bathrooms - very creative and fun place .	atmosphere	neutral
Delightful atmosphere and my kids love the bathrooms - very creative and fun place .	bathrooms	neutral
Delightful atmosphere and my kids love the bathrooms - very creative and fun place .	place	neutral
Hands down best thai restaurant in Pittsburgh .	thai restaurant	neutral
Food is always fresh , restaurant is nice , and price is reasonable .	Food	neutral
Food is always fresh , restaurant is nice , and price is reasonable .	restaurant	neutral
I love the Chop Steakhouse in Dixon road near the airport .	Chop Steakhouse	neutral
The food at this new location was great as I expect from the Chop .	food	neutral
I had the steakbites , tuna tataki , tempura vegetables and this was only a lunch meal .	steakbites	neutral
I had the steakbites , tuna tataki , tempura vegetables and this was only a lunch meal .	tuna tataki	neutral
I had the steakbites , tuna tataki , tempura vegetables and this was only a lunch meal .	tempura vegetables	neutral
The atmosphere at this new location is just as good if not better than Dixon road .	atmosphere	neutral
Nicola took great care of us and made us feel very welcome .	Nicola	neutral
Very cute diner with excellent food for a great price .	diner	neutral
Very cute diner with excellent food for a great price .	food	neutral
The atmosphere was hip & cheery from the bright yellow and blue tiled floors to the friendly staff behind the bar .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere was hip & cheery from the bright yellow and blue tiled floors to the friendly staff behind the bar .	floors	neutral
The atmosphere was hip & cheery from the bright yellow and blue tiled floors to the friendly staff behind the bar .	staff	neutral
The atmosphere was hip & cheery from the bright yellow and blue tiled floors to the friendly staff behind the bar .	bar	neutral
I sat at the bar and had a classic burger , fries , and milkshake - they were all delicious !	burger	neutral
I sat at the bar and had a classic burger , fries , and milkshake - they were all delicious !	fries	neutral
I sat at the bar and had a classic burger , fries , and milkshake - they were all delicious !	milkshake	neutral
I am excited to come back for brunch sometime - their selection of coffee drinks and breakfast foods looks fantastic .	selection of	neutral
I am excited to come back for brunch sometime - their selection of coffee drinks and breakfast foods looks fantastic .	coffee drinks	neutral
I am excited to come back for brunch sometime - their selection of coffee drinks and breakfast foods looks fantastic .	breakfast foods	neutral
No veggies patties and the corned beef hash was subpar at best .	corned beef hash	neutral
For a diner so close to the state border , they really seemed uncomfortable with out of towners .	diner	neutral
Great coffee tho .	coffee	neutral
I have given this spot the benefit of the doubt several times but it continually disappoints .	spot	neutral
The food was actually worse than the service today .	food	neutral
My salad was filled with more tortilla chips than lettuce !	salad	neutral
The soup was awful .	soup	neutral
There was a pre - selected menu and it has wonderful options !	menu	neutral
I had the chicken and waffles and also tasted the pancakes .	chicken and waffles	neutral
I had the chicken and waffles and also tasted the pancakes .	pancakes	neutral
The chicken and waffles was absolutely delicious !	chicken and waffles	neutral
There are jalape単os in the waffle , which are subtle but give it a little more heat and flavor .	jalape単os	neutral
There are jalape単os in the waffle , which are subtle but give it a little more heat and flavor .	waffle	neutral
The pancakes were yummy as well , standard buttermilk with a wonderful syrup .	pancakes	neutral
The pancakes were yummy as well , standard buttermilk with a wonderful syrup .	syrup	neutral
The staff that worked our brunch was very efficient and attentive !	staff	neutral
Check out the rooftop / outdoor bar when you 're there ! !	rooftop /	neutral
Check out the rooftop / outdoor bar when you 're there ! !	outdoor bar	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
Great food !	food	neutral
Love the chorizo queso and the blood orange margarita is very popular here .	chorizo queso	neutral
Love the chorizo queso and the blood orange margarita is very popular here .	blood orange margarita	neutral
Love this place .	place	neutral
The food is fantastic yes you will have a wait	food	neutral
I 'm a big tea fan anyways , so that helps my rating of this place , but they also have such a wide variety of teas you can try !	teas	neutral
the " tea bar " feel -	tea bar	neutral
Cheapest sushi place in pickering , but still top notch !	sushi place	neutral
My favorite thing to get there is the Crab sushi pizza .	Crab sushi pizza	neutral
A yummy deep fried crispy rice base , with crab and spicy mayo on top ... mmmmmmm .	deep	neutral
A yummy deep fried crispy rice base , with crab and spicy mayo on top ... mmmmmmm .	crispy	neutral
A yummy deep fried crispy rice base , with crab and spicy mayo on top ... mmmmmmm .	rice base	neutral
A yummy deep fried crispy rice base , with crab and spicy mayo on top ... mmmmmmm .	crab and spicy mayo	neutral
Lunch specials are so great because it 's like $ 5 for 12 pieces of sushi .	Lunch specials	neutral
Lunch specials are so great because it 's like $ 5 for 12 pieces of sushi .	sushi	neutral
Sakada kills it in all ways !	Sakada	neutral
All in all , sakada has amazing service and is always there to perfect the Asian cuisine .	service	neutral
All in all , sakada has amazing service and is always there to perfect the Asian cuisine .	Asian cuisine	neutral
I was hoping for pizza but it took our server so long to attend to us ( only 3 other tables with people in the place , and two parties left before we ordered ) that I did n't think we could wait the 15 extra minutes the menu says the pizza takes .	server	neutral
This place is so nice inside , and I heard they have a rooftop bar that I cast wait to see !	rooftop bar	neutral
Their branding and style is really chic and modern .	branding	neutral
We both ordered salads , a caesar and chicken , and a burrata salad add chicken .	caesar	neutral
We also ordered the Brussels sprouts as an appetizer which were absolutely delicious .	Brussels sprouts	neutral
The caesar salad was a romaine wedge salad which was surprising but annoying , it otherwise tasted good .	caesar salad	neutral
I wish the burrata salad had some lettuce .	burrata salad	neutral
I was disappointed in the tomatoes which were not ripe enough and quite tough and a little bitter / sour .	tomatoes	neutral
It overall tasted good though , that cheese is amazing , as is the pesto !	cheese	neutral
It overall tasted good though , that cheese is amazing , as is the pesto !	pesto	neutral
Our waitress was very nice and attentive .	waitress	neutral
The crust is the bomb .	crust	neutral
One of the closest I 've tasted to a real NY pizza without being in NY .	pizza	neutral
Great food ! !	food	neutral
Love the spinach salad and the pizza is one of the best in town .	spinach salad	neutral
Love the spinach salad and the pizza is one of the best in town .	pizza	neutral
and I were ther on Christmas day and had the brunch , which I thought was overprices at $ 30 each .	brunch	neutral
Regardless of the price , the food was horrible and on par with a cheap all you can eat $ 8 .	food	neutral
Regardless of the price , the food was horrible and on par with a cheap all you can eat $ 8 .	all you can eat	neutral
However , the desserts were excellent , and earns two stars from me .	desserts	neutral
They should have invested some of the $ 8 . 5 billion in better cooks and a good food director .	cooks	neutral
They should have invested some of the $ 8 . 5 billion in better cooks and a good food director .	food director	neutral
Ordered a 12 inch pepperoni and an order of ten hot wings .	pepperoni	neutral
I asked for saucy wings and they were puffy and weird looking .	wings	neutral
Got a side of hot sauce	hot sauce	neutral
Sorry to burst your bubble but this place is the cheapest tasting , looking , and smelling than gas station pie but nowhere near the price .	place	neutral
Switch really was an interesting place .	Switch	neutral
Switch really was an interesting place .	place	neutral
I love the atmosphere , it 's definitely high - end .	atmosphere	neutral
The food was really great , and the server was lovely .	food	neutral
The food was really great , and the server was lovely .	server	neutral
If you want a fun night out , and a place that 's worthy of your little black dress and sky - high heels , this is it !	place	neutral
My first time to try their cakes .	cakes	neutral
I chose mango cake slice , tiramisu , merangue and cheese cake .	tiramisu	neutral
My favorite is the merangue , it has nuts and cream in between layers and fruits on top .	merangue	neutral
A little pricey , per slice is around $ 5 . 00 .	slice	neutral
This place offers , milk tea , a wide variety of buns , bread and dimsum .	buns	neutral
This place offers , milk tea , a wide variety of buns , bread and dimsum .	bread	neutral
I must try the milk tea next time !	milk tea	neutral
Sat at the bar Cornish had great beers on draft	beers	neutral
I at the peppered steals and my friend at the Rueben both were housed in minutes .	peppered steals	neutral
I at the peppered steals and my friend at the Rueben both were housed in minutes .	Rueben	neutral
The bartender brought out some dipping sauces the mustard creme sauce took the cake and went really good with the peppered steak .	bartender	neutral
The bartender brought out some dipping sauces the mustard creme sauce took the cake and went really good with the peppered steak .	mustard creme sauce	neutral
The bartender brought out some dipping sauces the mustard creme sauce took the cake and went really good with the peppered steak .	peppered steak	neutral
Really nice location & great menu selection .	location	neutral
Really nice location & great menu selection .	menu selection	neutral
Austin our server was courteous & efficient .	Austin	neutral
Austin our server was courteous & efficient .	server	neutral
A staple popular steakhouse from what I know .	steakhouse	neutral
This chain is more than popular everywhere you go .	chain	neutral
They definitely have it down when it comes to serving up " Meat " of all sorts .	Meat	neutral
My favorite was the bottom sirloin and the second runner up was the rib eye .	bottom sirloin	neutral
My favorite was the bottom sirloin and the second runner up was the rib eye .	rib eye	neutral
Most of the meats were cooked to perfection and juicy while some were over cooked .	meats	neutral
The chicken was definitely over cooked and dry .	chicken	neutral
They have a nice salad bar cause truthfully after a while you want some greens in your diet so much appreciated .	salad bar	neutral
They had everything from kale to apple salads to freshen up your palate .	kale	neutral
They had everything from kale to apple salads to freshen up your palate .	apple salads	neutral
Manager says I 'm not bright and that 's not what the sign says .	Manager	neutral
I ordered the BBQ chicken chef made pizza and it was not what I expected .	BBQ chicken chef made pizza	neutral
I have been craving this type of pizza for a while and really anticipated it	pizza	neutral
I was so disappointed on seeing onions on my pizza which was NOT advertised .	pizza	neutral
long wait times .	wait	neutral
I ordered the Sonny Boy pizza , which is analogous to an upscale pepperoni pizza .	Sonny	neutral
Getting the crust right is the first order of business for a great pizza place and Bianco does not disappoint .	crust	neutral
Getting the crust right is the first order of business for a great pizza place and Bianco does not disappoint .	pizza place	neutral
Getting the crust right is the first order of business for a great pizza place and Bianco does not disappoint .	Bianco	neutral
The crust was stretched thin .	crust	neutral
The rim ( cornicone ) was puffed up just the right amount and the underside had the perfect amount of charring ; not burned , just baked correctly .	rim	neutral
The rim ( cornicone ) was puffed up just the right amount and the underside had the perfect amount of charring ; not burned , just baked correctly .	cornicone	neutral
There was no " gum line " to be found anywhere in the crust and the end of the pizza droops just the right amount .	crust	neutral
There was no " gum line " to be found anywhere in the crust and the end of the pizza droops just the right amount .	pizza	neutral
The crust was n't a cardboard biscuit , nor was it floppy / soupy .	crust	neutral
You really know that you 've eaten a great pizza when it begins to taste even better as you approach the end of the pizza .	pizza	neutral
As much as I 'm gushing over the crust , I will say that I 've come to prefer the flavor of naturally leavened dough ( sourdough ) for pizza .	crust	neutral
As much as I 'm gushing over the crust , I will say that I 've come to prefer the flavor of naturally leavened dough ( sourdough ) for pizza .	pizza	neutral
I think that the crust could be even better if he made the move to natural leavening , but that 's just my preference .	crust	neutral
The sopressata was spicy , but	sopressata	neutral
The sauce was simple and tasty and I 'm in love with their cheese .	sauce	neutral
The sauce was simple and tasty and I 'm in love with their cheese .	cheese	neutral
Looking at the food on the tables of other patrons it 's apparent that their produce is among the most beautiful I 've ever laid eyes on .	produce	neutral
It is uncommonly excellent , but I have had pizzas elsewhere that were every bit as good .	pizzas	neutral
Honestly , this place was ok at best I think .	place	neutral
Service felt a bit slow ( maybe someone called out ) and their food was sub par .	Service	neutral
Service felt a bit slow ( maybe someone called out ) and their food was sub par .	food	neutral
Do n't get their Karage ...	Karage	neutral
Their rolls are solid enough though .	rolls	neutral
It 's the side dishes that were pretty weak .	side dishes	neutral
I ca n't remember exactly what rolls we got , but I do remember them being good .	rolls	neutral
The decor and ambiance is nice though .	decor	neutral
The decor and ambiance is nice though .	ambiance	neutral
Although the rolls and decor were nice , it just was n't enough for me to bump it up to a 4 star rating .	rolls	neutral
Although the rolls and decor were nice , it just was n't enough for me to bump it up to a 4 star rating .	decor	neutral
Great quick service with a happy staff .	service	neutral
Great quick service with a happy staff .	staff	neutral
Be sure to try their bacon , extra crispy !	bacon	neutral
One of my favorite extras for my sandwich as well as chipotle sauce !	chipotle sauce	neutral
We had live Maine lobster and a New York steak which were absolutely perfect but the highlight might have been the Blue Point oysters which were sweet , tender and delicious .	live Maine lobster	neutral
We had live Maine lobster and a New York steak which were absolutely perfect but the highlight might have been the Blue Point oysters which were sweet , tender and delicious .	New	neutral
We had live Maine lobster and a New York steak which were absolutely perfect but the highlight might have been the Blue Point oysters which were sweet , tender and delicious .	York steak	neutral
We had live Maine lobster and a New York steak which were absolutely perfect but the highlight might have been the Blue Point oysters which were sweet , tender and delicious .	Blue Point oysters	neutral
The highlight was the service which was attentive , friendly and helpful .	service	neutral
Our waitress was so genuine that I thought I had been transported to somewhere in the Midwest .	waitress	neutral
This place is a must go !	place	neutral
The dumplings were not the traditional ones , but were actually shu mai .	dumplings	neutral
This is not a big deal because I like both , but there were only four in the order ( for $ 6 ) and the sauce was not good .	sauce	neutral
Although the pineapple fried rice portion was generous ( as it should be for the higher prices compared to other local Thai restaurants ) , it basically just seemed like the standard ingredients doused in soy sauce .	pineapple fried rice portion	neutral
I did n't make a stink about it and was hopeful that the food would be worth the extra money , but it was n't .	food	neutral
Huge portions .	portions	neutral
Bomb Carne Asada , no fatty pieces .	Carne Asada	neutral
Everything was so good fresh fish and crab .	fish	neutral
Everything was so good fresh fish and crab .	crab	neutral
We ordered bento set and Rainbow roll was so delicious .	bento	neutral
We ordered bento set and Rainbow roll was so delicious .	Rainbow roll	neutral
Our server is super nice and friendly very attentive .	server	neutral
The food is ok .	food	neutral
The shells are deep fried , but the guts are very boring .	shells	neutral
The shells are deep fried , but the guts are very boring .	guts	neutral
It really is the perfect place to relax or path to take into Old Town for a weekend breakfast on you bike .	place	neutral
Of course the views are gorgeous !	views	neutral
However , do n't go for Happy hour .	Happy	neutral
Hardly any room , and the wait staff really is not into that .	wait staff	neutral
They served us well enough , but our waitress was impatient and tended to talk down to us .	waitress	neutral
The HR food was horrendous and all fried carbs .	HR food	neutral
We had mediocre steamed clams from the regular menu but HALF of them were closed .	steamed clams	neutral
Need a new chef .	chef	neutral
Sitting here watching the staff # Workit !	staff	neutral
Great service and great food .	service	neutral
Great service and great food .	food	neutral
New place	place	neutral
so the lineups were very long , snaking into the +15 which was like a greenhouse since it was a sunny day .	+15	neutral
50 and unfortunately they ran out of ahi tuna just before I got there .	ahi	neutral
I went with half sushi and half brown rice , cucumbers , onion , cabbage , albacore tuna , salmon , octopus , finished with ginger , sesame seeds , furikake , green onion , wasabe , masago .	salmon	neutral
The seafood was dressed in the Kona Ponzu and I had spicy mayo on top .	seafood	neutral
But the poke - artists were definitely much livelier than your regular sandwich - artist .	poke -	neutral
Nadim in particular was great , apologizing for the wait and provided alot of energy and interacted with each customer .	Nadim	neutral
However , the sushi rice was mushy and there was just alot of rice in the bowl compared to the fish / toppings .	sushi rice	neutral
However , the sushi rice was mushy and there was just alot of rice in the bowl compared to the fish / toppings .	fish	neutral
I was dissatisfied with the ratio of fish / toppings to rice	fish	neutral
I was dissatisfied with the ratio of fish / toppings to rice	toppings	neutral
I was dissatisfied with the ratio of fish / toppings to rice	rice	neutral
The flavors were good though and overall was a good introduction to poke .	poke	neutral
I would recommend going with the regular bowl since their rice scoops are larger than their fish scoops , so going large and adding 1 scoop of each means it increases the disparity .	rice scoops	neutral
I would recommend going with the regular bowl since their rice scoops are larger than their fish scoops , so going large and adding 1 scoop of each means it increases the disparity .	fish	neutral
If you are really hungry and you must come here , I would recommend asking for more sauce so you do n't end up with spoonfuls of plain mushy sushi rice ( brown rice was nice and nutty with a bit of pop but still lacked flavor by itself ) .	sushi rice	neutral
If you are really hungry and you must come here , I would recommend asking for more sauce so you do n't end up with spoonfuls of plain mushy sushi rice ( brown rice was nice and nutty with a bit of pop but still lacked flavor by itself ) .	brown rice	neutral
Had all their beer and each was unique and good .	beer	neutral
After two more visits to Raku since my last review , it deserves another update .	Raku	neutral
I 'm not going to dive too much into this review because you all already know this place is good , especially if you 've read my past reviews .	place	neutral
Service is still top notch and the food is still impeccable .	Service	neutral
Service is still top notch and the food is still impeccable .	food	neutral
No matter how many times I order this , I 'm always blown away by how creamy Raku 's cold tofu is .	cold tofu	neutral
Juicy Deep Fried Chicken -- http://bit .	Deep Fried	neutral
Juicy Deep Fried Chicken -- http://bit .	Chicken	neutral
This is not your usual Chicken Karaage .	Chicken Karaage	neutral
It 's literally very juicy and very flavorful along with the crispy skin .	skin	neutral
Steamed Foie Gras Egg Custard --	Egg	neutral
Along with the Raku Tofu , this is still a MUST ORDER and also my personal favorite .	Raku Tofu	neutral
Foie Gras Rice Bowl --	Rice Bowl	neutral
Duck with Balsamic Soy --	Duck with Balsamic Soy	neutral
The duck was cooked nicely .	duck	neutral
Kobe Beef w/ Wasabi --	Kobe	neutral
Their Kobe Beef yakitori are always amazing .	Kobe Beef yakitori	neutral
And this one of course has a nice kick with the fresh wasabi .	wasabi	neutral
Raku 's is good and filling , but pretty much is the same as the other places I 've had it , and that 's not a bad thing .	Raku 's	neutral
Also on a side note , I do n't think I 've actually mentioned this before in my past reviews , but their toilet is awesome ! --	toilet	neutral
I once ate a lentil walnut sandwich at the Hen House that was so good	lentil walnut sandwich	neutral
The decor is ho - hum but inviting , the atmosphere is super casual and despite that it 's not advertised anywhere ; this is a queer friendly destination for those in the know .	decor	neutral
The decor is ho - hum but inviting , the atmosphere is super casual and despite that it 's not advertised anywhere ; this is a queer friendly destination for those in the know .	atmosphere	neutral
I attended Herbs & Rye 's grand opening four years ago and it was an interesting experience .	Herbs & Rye	neutral
The night started and almost ended as one of the worst dining experiences I 've ever had ( primarily the service ) .	service	neutral
The food was delicious and the cocktails were wonderful .	food	neutral
The food was delicious and the cocktails were wonderful .	cocktails	neutral
My fiance ordered the Italian Sausage flatbread .	Italian	neutral
The sides were all very delicious .	sides	neutral
The highlight was definitely the brussel sprouts .	brussel sprouts	neutral
The asparagus were slightly overcooked , but still good .	asparagus	neutral
The mashed potatoes were so flavorful and creamy .	mashed potatoes	neutral
My steak made me sad .	steak	neutral
I lose all respect for a restaurant that ca n't properly prepare a medium rare steak ( or burger ) .	steak	neutral
I lose all respect for a restaurant that ca n't properly prepare a medium rare steak ( or burger ) .	burger	neutral
Service was spotty as well .	Service	neutral
Anyway , although most of the food was really great , it 's not enough to bring me back .	food	neutral
By far the worst breakfast we have ever had .	breakfast	neutral
one order of pancakes had raw batter in the centers !	pancakes	neutral
- eggs had no seasonings	eggs	neutral
When we spoke to the manager , she just gave us a blank stare and said that they 're working on it .	manager	neutral
We were the largest party ( 8 people ) in the restaurant and received the worst service .	service	neutral
We are all big fans of the Blue Lemon in Utah but needless to say , we wo n't be going back to the Gilbert location .	Blue Lemon	neutral
Their menu sounds great , but their breakfast is terrible .	menu	neutral
Their menu sounds great , but their breakfast is terrible .	breakfast	neutral
Visiting my brother and he highly suggested this place .	place	neutral
I 'm so glad he did as the food was so fresh and delicious !	food	neutral
I had the pad Thai and my brother had the spicey green bean with chicken .	pad Thai	neutral
I had the pad Thai and my brother had the spicey green bean with chicken .	spicey green bean with chicken	neutral
Bottom line is I highly recommend this nice little gem of a place .	place	neutral
I also had to mention that the staff was all very kind and considerate .	staff	neutral
In here toilet paper was scattered on top of everything and there were two dead and decaying baby rays in the corner .	toilet	neutral
On top of that we ordered our lobster one way and the waiter said oh you do n't want it that way because it was " spicy " but we ordered it spicy because we wanted it spicy .	lobster	neutral
On top of that we ordered our lobster one way and the waiter said oh you do n't want it that way because it was " spicy " but we ordered it spicy because we wanted it spicy .	waiter	neutral
The food eventually came and was ok	food	neutral
By the time we were ready to pay , my aunt wanted to pay for both tables meals and asked the manager if he would bring both bills to her .	manager	neutral
The manager responded with " absolutely , do n't worry about it .	manager	neutral
Initially , we had high hopes for this new restaurant , but after a lunch , Mala proved to be disappointing .	restaurant	neutral
I would have given them one star , but they had good service hence two stars .	service	neutral
We ordered a chicken dish that was supposed to be numbing and spicy ; however , the dish was n't numbing nor flavorful , only the spiciness was apparent .	chicken dish	neutral
The second time around , the dish was more spicy but still lacked the numbness .	dish	neutral
Perhaps the peppercorns used were n't fresh enough to bring out the numbness .	peppercorns	neutral
Again , we had to inform the manager that the dish did not taste right because the shrimp was not fresh enough and had a very apparent bad taste to them .	dish	neutral
Again , we had to inform the manager that the dish did not taste right because the shrimp was not fresh enough and had a very apparent bad taste to them .	shrimp	neutral
The chef redid the dish again , and everything tasted fine the second time around .	chef	neutral
The soup was average , but the pork inside tasted a tad sour .	soup	neutral
The soup was average , but the pork inside tasted a tad sour .	pork	neutral
It was quite disappointing to come try a new restaurant only to experience food that was n't fresh .	food	neutral
The food and Beverage are fine here , but go with friends , do not venture in alone .	food	neutral
The food and Beverage are fine here , but go with friends , do not venture in alone .	Beverage	neutral
If you want to blow smoke up each other 's ass the bar is OK for men , but by and large , avoid it .	bar	neutral
This is a nice PT 's .	PT 's	neutral
It 's got a long bar with TVs and gaming .	bar	neutral
Bartenders are generally attentive enough .	Bartenders	neutral
So there 's some big chairs and small tables in the bar area , along with a couple of small booths .	bar	neutral
So there 's some big chairs and small tables in the bar area , along with a couple of small booths .	booths	neutral
There is a party room .	party room	neutral
And there 's also some seating outside on the patio when the weather is nice .	patio	neutral
The servers are total hit or miss .	servers	neutral
I love their Southwestern BLT and sweet potato fries .	Southwestern BLT	neutral
I love their Southwestern BLT and sweet potato fries .	sweet potato fries	neutral
Hint : Get a side of honey mustard to dip the fries in .	fries	neutral
I found a cockroach in my lo mein , threw up , went back to the store	lo mein	neutral
How dare they tell me I put a cockroach in my food .	food	neutral
Sickening customer service .	customer service	neutral
Be sure that if you have a group on that you show and tell the waiter , the host and the owner what 's in your group ticket	waiter	neutral
This is so upsetting all of the above were rude , unprofessional and especially the manager , threatening to call the police when they were in the wrong , after all that they waived the extra charges because Assuming to call the police was not putting a scare into us when they were in the wrong ! ! '	manager	neutral
The menu was not so confusing if you know what you can or can not have .	menu	neutral
Despite the no AC the Vegan Ice - cream stayed cold .	Vegan Ice - cream	neutral
Being veg it has been hard to find a great ice treat	ice	neutral
Give them a try , parking can be a little tight .	parking	neutral
The ladies in the lab coats are fab and very helpful .	ladies	neutral
The ladies in the lab coats are fab and very helpful .	lab coats	neutral
The spread on the counter of curries and fried items seemed very limited and in tiny containers .	spread	neutral
The spread on the counter of curries and fried items seemed very limited and in tiny containers .	curries	neutral
The spread on the counter of curries and fried items seemed very limited and in tiny containers .	fried items	neutral
My go to dishes in a Sri Lankan restaurant .	dishes	neutral
The Masala Dosa comes in a container sliced in two rather than the entire wrapped in foil at one of nearby place ( our favourite ) .	Masala Dosa	neutral
The Dosa ( crepe ) much thicker than it should be make it too doughy and filling not flavoured enough .	Dosa ( crepe	neutral
The accompanying sambhar was nothing great as well .	sambhar	neutral
The chutney too thin and watery but was surprisingly much better .	chutney	neutral
The Kottu Roti was cooked with minimal veggies and much spicier than I anticipated .	Kottu Roti	neutral
50 for a Masala Dosa ( similar price to a sit down restaurant and much better quality or several $ s expensive than the one sold at a nearby Sri Lankan place ) and $ 7 for Kottu Roti - same as Masala Dosa .	Kottu Roti	neutral
Granted , two of the four things we ordered were specials : a lovely capon rillette appetizer , and a top sirloin ( slow cooked in a sealed bag with herbs for four hours , and it shows ! )	capon rillette appetizer	neutral
Granted , two of the four things we ordered were specials : a lovely capon rillette appetizer , and a top sirloin ( slow cooked in a sealed bag with herbs for four hours , and it shows ! )	sirloin	neutral
That appetizer was incredible , the top sirloin was delectable and from Australia , just like my date , and the salmon I ordered absolutely melted in my mouth , just like my d ... err ... anyway !	appetizer	neutral
That appetizer was incredible , the top sirloin was delectable and from Australia , just like my date , and the salmon I ordered absolutely melted in my mouth , just like my d ... err ... anyway !	salmon	neutral
My warm goat cheese salad was amazing with plenty , if not too much cracked pepper on top .	warm goat cheese salad	neutral
I asked our waiter to bring lots of pepper , and being a total character from Chicago , he more than obliged .	waiter	neutral
I think he went a little overboard , yet otherwise , he was a really fantastic waiter , and I did find it hilarious , if not just a touch too spicy .	waiter	neutral
He also chose us a very lovely wine to go with our meal , was a great conversationalist , and brought us tiny cookies from their pastry chef , who is diabetic , just like my date !	wine	neutral
He also chose us a very lovely wine to go with our meal , was a great conversationalist , and brought us tiny cookies from their pastry chef , who is diabetic , just like my date !	pastry chef	neutral
Oh , and did I mention that the menu comes wrapped around your napkin , and they will fold your napkin for you if they come by when you 've momentarily left the table ?	menu	neutral
They are SO attentive : truly excellent service .	service	neutral
this was the worst experience I 've ever had at a place that calls themselves a bar ! !	place	neutral
this was the worst experience I 've ever had at a place that calls themselves a bar ! !	bar	neutral
and the food we ordered tasted like salt and grease ! ! !	food	neutral
This place is a gem .	place	neutral
The decor & lighting provide a lovely , warm atmosphere for any type of dining .	decor	neutral
The decor & lighting provide a lovely , warm atmosphere for any type of dining .	lighting	neutral
The decor & lighting provide a lovely , warm atmosphere for any type of dining .	atmosphere	neutral
Extra points for being a dog friendly spot .	spot	neutral
The patio area is enclosed , so it seems like a good spot regardless of the season .	patio area	neutral
We shared the gnocchi dish , tartufo pizza & the sweet ricotta dessert .	gnocchi dish	neutral
We shared the gnocchi dish , tartufo pizza & the sweet ricotta dessert .	tartufo pizza	neutral
We shared the gnocchi dish , tartufo pizza & the sweet ricotta dessert .	sweet ricotta dessert	neutral
The truffle crema on gnocchi was awesome .	truffle crema on gnocchi	neutral
Tartufo pizza got us with the over easy egg .	Tartufo pizza	neutral
It married well with the mushrooms & fontina .	mushrooms	neutral
Their sweet ricotta is unique .	sweet ricotta	neutral
Our server Lindsey was attentive & had great suggestions .	server	neutral
Our server Lindsey was attentive & had great suggestions .	Lindsey	neutral
Our dog was spoiled .	dog	neutral
I kept hearing things like cheap , authentic , flavorful , and amazing bubble tea .	bubble tea	neutral
Well , let met just say that the bubble tea is most definitely the best in the city !	bubble tea	neutral
I loved their taro tea even though I 'm usually not a fan .	taro tea	neutral
One person disagreed about the food , though , and I did n't believe her	food	neutral
Afterwards I have to agree with her opinion that this place was a bit underwhelming .	place	neutral
The concept is great - casual , simple and authentic Chinese food done well / small menu , gallery to see fresh noodles being cooked by experts from Asia .	Chinese food	neutral
The concept is great - casual , simple and authentic Chinese food done well / small menu , gallery to see fresh noodles being cooked by experts from Asia .	menu	neutral
The concept is great - casual , simple and authentic Chinese food done well / small menu , gallery to see fresh noodles being cooked by experts from Asia .	noodles	neutral
And hand drawn noodles !	noodles	neutral
Beef noodle soup -	Beef	neutral
If they are trying for the Taiwanese beef noodle soup , they completely missed the mark on the spicy , acidic , tomatoy , intense broth .	Taiwanese beef noodle soup	neutral
If they are trying for the Taiwanese beef noodle soup , they completely missed the mark on the spicy , acidic , tomatoy , intense broth .	broth	neutral
I did love that they gave generous portions of beef ( flavorful and tender ) and noodles .	portions	neutral
I did love that they gave generous portions of beef ( flavorful and tender ) and noodles .	beef	neutral
I did love that they gave generous portions of beef ( flavorful and tender ) and noodles .	noodles	neutral
But the texture of the noodles was rigid and not chewy at all :(	noodles	neutral
Pork over rice - Pretty good .	Pork over rice	neutral
They use much leaner meat which would be ggood for the self conscious but sacrifices a bit in the flavor department .	meat	neutral
One spice was overpowering , but I did n't try enough of my friend 's to remember what it is .	spice	neutral
Overall , much better than the noodle soup .	noodle soup	neutral
Seaweed - Best dish we had .	Seaweed	neutral
Seaweed - Best dish we had .	dish	neutral
Expensive , completely underseasoned sauce and underwhelming wontons .	sauce	neutral
Expensive , completely underseasoned sauce and underwhelming wontons .	wontons	neutral
The pizza , subs and atmosphere st Rick 's was great .	pizza	neutral
The pizza , subs and atmosphere st Rick 's was great .	subs	neutral
The pizza , subs and atmosphere st Rick 's was great .	atmosphere	neutral
They welcomed us with done amazing Garlic Cheese bread and the pizza and subs were amazingly good .	Garlic Cheese bread	neutral
They welcomed us with done amazing Garlic Cheese bread and the pizza and subs were amazingly good .	pizza	neutral
They welcomed us with done amazing Garlic Cheese bread and the pizza and subs were amazingly good .	subs	neutral
But because I had a free birthday drink still floating around from the app I went with the frozen coco drink , which was way more expensive but when free it 's ok .	frozen coco drink	neutral
The line was quick and the service fast .	line	neutral
The line was quick and the service fast .	service	neutral
The order was fast and efficient .	order	neutral
I got the medium and it was so big .	medium	neutral
This drink was great and I will get it again !	drink	neutral
The food was yummy and the our waitress , Nikki , was outstanding .	food	neutral
The food was yummy and the our waitress , Nikki , was outstanding .	waitress	neutral
The food was yummy and the our waitress , Nikki , was outstanding .	Nikki	neutral
Met the manager and saw how wonderful she is .	manager	neutral
Guess we have to go back to Toronto ( from NYC ) , so we can enjoy going to this place .	place	neutral
Highly reccomend trying the Grilled Veggie & Chicken Quesadilla and the Black and White Mini Cake .	Grilled Veggie & Chicken Quesadilla	neutral
Highly reccomend trying the Grilled Veggie & Chicken Quesadilla and the Black and White Mini Cake .	Black and White	neutral
Highly reccomend trying the Grilled Veggie & Chicken Quesadilla and the Black and White Mini Cake .	Mini Cake	neutral
Very cute restaurant with a nice patio .	restaurant	neutral
Very cute restaurant with a nice patio .	patio	neutral
The Blend is lovely !	Blend	neutral
The owners and staff are friendly , and there is never a long wait for their refreshing drinks .	owners	neutral
The owners and staff are friendly , and there is never a long wait for their refreshing drinks .	staff	neutral
The owners and staff are friendly , and there is never a long wait for their refreshing drinks .	drinks	neutral
Great local restaurant !	restaurant	neutral
Friendly staff , clean , nice d辿cor and the food is fantastic .	staff	neutral
Friendly staff , clean , nice d辿cor and the food is fantastic .	d辿cor	neutral
Friendly staff , clean , nice d辿cor and the food is fantastic .	food	neutral
Happy hour is great , try the signature Margarita !	Happy hour	neutral
Happy hour is great , try the signature Margarita !	Margarita	neutral
I had the Shrimp and grits and my friend had the Kobe sliders , both were excellent .	Shrimp and grits	neutral
I had the Shrimp and grits and my friend had the Kobe sliders , both were excellent .	Kobe sliders	neutral
Weather permitting , try to sit out on the patio at night time .	patio	neutral
Nice place for date night or to bring out of towers .	place	neutral
The whole menu will blow your mind with how delicious and lovingly crafted their food is .	menu	neutral
The whole menu will blow your mind with how delicious and lovingly crafted their food is .	food	neutral
The Almond Pad Thai is a home run .	Almond Pad Thai	neutral
I do n't know how this store is still in business .	store	neutral
The drive - thru was open .	drive	neutral
Jack in the Box at Carmel and 51 was pleasant and accommodating for past - midnight meals .	Jack	neutral
D辿licieux dessert malgr辿 que la torta 辿tait peut 棚tre trop sucr辿  mon go短t	torta	neutral
If you are too young to find Vegas history interesting this is not the best place to visit .	place	neutral
The tour is fascinating and it usually sells out in advance , especially for the night tours .	tour	neutral
The tour is fascinating and it usually sells out in advance , especially for the night tours .	night tours	neutral
Some restored signs that are lit up , but mostly the signs are not .	signs	neutral
Some restored signs that are lit up , but mostly the signs are not .	signs	neutral
Soda fries and a drink were 27 . 00 with tip .	Soda fries	neutral
Not much sauce on my Italian burger and	Italian burger	neutral
the mozzarella cheese was very cold .	mozzarella cheese	neutral
Meat tasted good and the fries were excellent .	Meat	neutral
Meat tasted good and the fries were excellent .	fries	neutral
The brioche bun was very good .	brioche bun	neutral
You are n't going to eat cheap in Vegas so this place is not too far overpriced considering it location .	place	neutral
This place is awesome !	place	neutral
I had the fish and shrimp tacos , incredibly fresh and cooked perfectly .	fish and shrimp tacos	neutral
Our server Tyler was wondering , helpful when I spilled a taco , gave fantastic and honest recommendations and was upbeat and friendly the entire time .	server	neutral
Our server Tyler was wondering , helpful when I spilled a taco , gave fantastic and honest recommendations and was upbeat and friendly the entire time .	Tyler	neutral
5 stars for service and food !	service	neutral
5 stars for service and food !	food	neutral
Also amazing margaritas .	margaritas	neutral
You know the food and server are fantastic when the margs get spoken about last .	food	neutral
You know the food and server are fantastic when the margs get spoken about last .	server	neutral
You know the food and server are fantastic when the margs get spoken about last .	margs	neutral
whatever I wanted in the menu ( except dinner ) was available .	dinner	neutral
Waitress was friendly , food was great , atmosphere was down homey and the bar was open .	Waitress	neutral
Waitress was friendly , food was great , atmosphere was down homey and the bar was open .	food	neutral
Waitress was friendly , food was great , atmosphere was down homey and the bar was open .	atmosphere	neutral
Waitress was friendly , food was great , atmosphere was down homey and the bar was open .	bar	neutral
I had a steak sandwich	steak sandwich	neutral
First of all we had about 40 of us and 3 waiters all of which were phenomenal .	waiters	neutral
To top it all of one of our waiters	waiters	neutral
Staff , food and drinks were incredible .	Staff	neutral
Staff , food and drinks were incredible .	food	neutral
Staff , food and drinks were incredible .	drinks	neutral
Ordered two teriyaki chicken plates to go , when I got home to enjoy my food the chicken was sour , the rice crunchy and stale	teriyaki chicken plates	neutral
Ordered two teriyaki chicken plates to go , when I got home to enjoy my food the chicken was sour , the rice crunchy and stale	chicken	neutral
Ordered two teriyaki chicken plates to go , when I got home to enjoy my food the chicken was sour , the rice crunchy and stale	rice	neutral
Used to be a good place , will never go back .	place	neutral
This place is new and a nice touch to the Goodyear area !	place	neutral
Good sandwiches nice selection we will be coming back !	sandwiches	neutral
I have mixed feelings about this place .	place	neutral
Considering that this place is in Boulder City and there 's nothing there , the food was ok .	food	neutral
But overall , the food was under par .	food	neutral
Let me start by saying service was so slow .	service	neutral
so the wait was extra excruciating .	wait	neutral
There were only 2 servers who were friendly , but it was n't even that busy , 8 parties at most .	servers	neutral
As for the food , like I said it was edible and we were hungry .	food	neutral
The produce was not fresh at all .	produce	neutral
The sprouts were brown , the turkey was dry and old , the tomatoes were soggy and my side of grapes were old and ugly .	sprouts	neutral
The sprouts were brown , the turkey was dry and old , the tomatoes were soggy and my side of grapes were old and ugly .	turkey	neutral
The sprouts were brown , the turkey was dry and old , the tomatoes were soggy and my side of grapes were old and ugly .	tomatoes	neutral
The sprouts were brown , the turkey was dry and old , the tomatoes were soggy and my side of grapes were old and ugly .	side	neutral
And you know when you leave cheese out in room temperature and it gets soft and turns a weird color ?	cheese	neutral
That 's what the cheese looked like .	cheese	neutral
The meat in my bf 's sandwich was this weird pink and brown color and the bread was stale .	meat	neutral
The meat in my bf 's sandwich was this weird pink and brown color and the bread was stale .	sandwich	neutral
The meat in my bf 's sandwich was this weird pink and brown color and the bread was stale .	bread	neutral
The best part of the meal was the pickle spear and potato salad that came with our meal .	pickle spear	neutral
The best part of the meal was the pickle spear and potato salad that came with our meal .	potato salad	neutral
I suggest if you 're doing the same , hit up the bar & grill next door .	bar	neutral
This was our first time to Mt Everest Indian Cuisine and we are SO happy we found this place on yelp .	Indian Cuisine	neutral
and now we have our go to place ! !	place	neutral
The place does n't look like much on the outside , but it is quaint and clean on the inside .	place	neutral
I ordered a glass of Merlot which they filled to the rim ! !	Merlot	neutral
For food we ordered the tandoori mixed platter ( a must ! ! ! ) .	tandoori mixed platter	neutral
The garlic naan was warm and soft and delicious !	garlic naan	neutral
The owner came and checked on each table a few times and was such a pleasant and friendly guy !	owner	neutral
The truck is painted in a cute and eye - catching desert theme with hearts , and the service is as sweet as the treats .	truck	neutral
The truck is painted in a cute and eye - catching desert theme with hearts , and the service is as sweet as the treats .	service	neutral
I was delighted by the temperature contrasts of the fresh , warm waffle and cold , thick cream .	waffle	neutral
I was delighted by the temperature contrasts of the fresh , warm waffle and cold , thick cream .	cream	neutral
The cookie butter was a nice touch of savory to balance things out , and the fruit was fresh and plentiful .	cookie butter	neutral
The cookie butter was a nice touch of savory to balance things out , and the fruit was fresh and plentiful .	fruit	neutral
The waffle was light and chewy , and the cream was cold and fresh , but I did n't enjoy the flavor of the lemon curd as much as I 'd anticipated .	waffle	neutral
The waffle was light and chewy , and the cream was cold and fresh , but I did n't enjoy the flavor of the lemon curd as much as I 'd anticipated .	cream	neutral
The waffle was light and chewy , and the cream was cold and fresh , but I did n't enjoy the flavor of the lemon curd as much as I 'd anticipated .	lemon curd	neutral
Water appeared within the blink of an eye from an astute gentleman .	gentleman	neutral
The space is wide open and just as " log cabin " as the Old Town Scottsdale 's recently departed predecessor and big and smells of freshly cut lumber ...	space	neutral
Our bartender was attentive and laid back .	bartender	neutral
A friend of mine had the salmon and it was " exquisite " ;	salmon	neutral
The fish really was cooked perfectly and the sauce and crisp vegetable pairing was very enjoyable .	fish	neutral
The fish really was cooked perfectly and the sauce and crisp vegetable pairing was very enjoyable .	sauce	neutral
The fish really was cooked perfectly and the sauce and crisp vegetable pairing was very enjoyable .	crisp vegetable pairing	neutral
Come here if you want good food .	food	neutral
Been here years ago and it was so good their pork gyros .	pork gyros	neutral
The chicken was really dry sadly and the greek salad it came with was dress with too much oil .	chicken	neutral
The chicken was really dry sadly and the greek salad it came with was dress with too much oil .	greek salad	neutral
Maybe I just caught them on a off day , maybe its just the chicken .	chicken	neutral
I might give them another try because I remember the pork gyros be being moist and had crispy bits kinda like chinese roast pork	pork gyros	neutral
It 's a sports bar type of place .	place	neutral
The service has always been good to me here .	service	neutral
Food is standard for a bar but pretty good .	Food	neutral
Try the wings .	wings	neutral
Best pizza in town period , get the Margherita and shaddup , unless you 're a vampire since they garlic and re - garlic the thing .	pizza	neutral
Best pizza in town period , get the Margherita and shaddup , unless you 're a vampire since they garlic and re - garlic the thing .	Margherita and shaddup	neutral
Their sandwiches are also very good .	sandwiches	neutral
Owners are very nice people , place has only improved since the Massimo brothers re - located .	Owners	neutral
Owners are very nice people , place has only improved since the Massimo brothers re - located .	Massimo	neutral
Really nice view from the patio :) and excellent service thanks to Carlos !	view	neutral
Really nice view from the patio :) and excellent service thanks to Carlos !	patio	neutral
Really nice view from the patio :) and excellent service thanks to Carlos !	service	neutral
Really nice view from the patio :) and excellent service thanks to Carlos !	Carlos	neutral
Baked clams were yummy ,	Baked clams	neutral
Shrimp and scallop pasta was incredible ( definitely could have fed 2 people ) , and the delicious Zeppole made me rethink the size of my tummy ...	Shrimp and scallop pasta	neutral
Shrimp and scallop pasta was incredible ( definitely could have fed 2 people ) , and the delicious Zeppole made me rethink the size of my tummy ...	Zeppole	neutral
Pros : While we waited , had some perfectly mixed overpriced drinks .	drinks	neutral
My friend go the chili and it was delicious .	chili	neutral
Perfect blend of sweet cornbread with savory warm meat .	cornbread	neutral
Perfect blend of sweet cornbread with savory warm meat .	meat	neutral
I got the shashimi taco appetizer as my main course .	shashimi taco	neutral
Large portion .	portion	neutral
Fresh ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
Crunchy wonton wrapper .	wonton	neutral
Long wait , but it was to be expected .	wait	neutral
This is my mums favorite chocolate .	chocolate	neutral
Super sweet , older lady at this location and much better reviews .	lady	neutral
MOSCOW MULE is the perfect summer cocktail .	MOSCOW MULE	neutral
Go to AZ 88 and have one , while you are there order a grilled cheese too--- bring some pals in tow	grilled cheese	neutral
Paradise Bakery is disappointing in a few ways .	Paradise Bakery	neutral
Oh , I see I 'm just supposed to guess what is on that sandwich that has a picture in the most inconvenient spot in the whole freaking place .	sandwich	neutral
Second , the caesar salad is horrible .	caesar salad	neutral
I managed to choke most of it down , but seriously what is wrong with their caesar dressing ? ? ?	caesar dressing	neutral
Also the croutons are not very tasty either .	croutons	neutral
Third , they completely use too much dressing on their salads .	dressing	neutral
Third , they completely use too much dressing on their salads .	salads	neutral
Excuse me , but can I have some lettuce to go with that dressing ? ?	dressing	neutral
And finally , for a bakery , I do n't particularly find the cookies and pastries I have tried to be all that amazing .	cookies	neutral
And finally , for a bakery , I do n't particularly find the cookies and pastries I have tried to be all that amazing .	pastries	neutral
The chocolate / white chocolate chip cookie I tried yesterday was a bit on the dry side and not very chewy / soft at all .	chocolate / white chocolate chip cookie	neutral
my salad and medium drink was $ 6 . 23 which is n't a bad deal at all and 2 ) the number of tables outside this location where you can escape the office to enjoy a nice , leisurely lunch on a beautiful Arizona day .	salad	neutral
my salad and medium drink was $ 6 . 23 which is n't a bad deal at all and 2 ) the number of tables outside this location where you can escape the office to enjoy a nice , leisurely lunch on a beautiful Arizona day .	medium drink	neutral
I love the variety of stores they have , my only complaint is they really do n't have outlet prices unless there is a sale going on .	stores	neutral
I think they need more variety in food at this outlet both food courts have similar foods you would think with 2 food courts there would be more options to pick from .	food	neutral
The stores are always busy , but the nice thing is they keep the shelves stocked .	stores	neutral
First time here ... heard lots of good things about this place .	place	neutral
Got the bo 7 mon and chicken wings ...	bo 7 mon	neutral
Got the bo 7 mon and chicken wings ...	chicken wings	neutral
reason is portion is too small and not enough veggies to go with meat .	portion	neutral
they had the best bo 7 mon .	bo 7 mon	neutral
Portion was big .. sauce was good .... too bad it closed down ...	Portion	neutral
Portion was big .. sauce was good .... too bad it closed down ...	sauce	neutral
Despite a little disappointment ... I would come back and recommend this place to friends ...	place	neutral
this place is still by far the best place to get bo 7 mon . ...	place	neutral
this place is still by far the best place to get bo 7 mon . ...	place	neutral
Tasty gyros and excellent customer service .	gyros	neutral
Tasty gyros and excellent customer service .	customer service	neutral
The owner was so nice and gave chocolate cookies and honey cookies to my boys .	owner	neutral
Keep it up with the delicious food and outstanding customer service .	food	neutral
Keep it up with the delicious food and outstanding customer service .	customer service	neutral
Best pizza in the neighborhood .	pizza	neutral
The atmosphere 's really neat-- cool Latin decor , intimate lighting , and hip music .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere 's really neat-- cool Latin decor , intimate lighting , and hip music .	Latin decor	neutral
The atmosphere 's really neat-- cool Latin decor , intimate lighting , and hip music .	lighting	neutral
The atmosphere 's really neat-- cool Latin decor , intimate lighting , and hip music .	music	neutral
The staff was super friendly , too .	staff	neutral
We ordered an array of things , but we probably could have been gotten away with just eating the complimentary chips and salsa .	chips	neutral
We ordered an array of things , but we probably could have been gotten away with just eating the complimentary chips and salsa .	salsa	neutral
My friends all ordered different margaritas , and they were raving about the variety of options and the unique flavors that were offered .	margaritas	neutral
The food hit the spot , too , and was a reasonable price .	food	neutral
After much pleading I get my tea in a press along with a delicious - but cold - latte with a side serving of bad attitude .	latte	neutral
The place is cool but the servers ' attitude sucks .	place	neutral
The place is cool but the servers ' attitude sucks .	servers	neutral
I 'm giving this place 3 stars for the reason the eggs were scrambled and served raw .	eggs	neutral
The orange juice was served in a hot glass causing it get to room temperature .	orange juice	neutral
That is no excuse for serving raw eggs .	raw	neutral
That is no excuse for serving raw eggs .	eggs	neutral
The corned beef hash was amazing and the pancakes are fluffy with a buttery taste .	corned beef hash	neutral
The corned beef hash was amazing and the pancakes are fluffy with a buttery taste .	pancakes	neutral
The portion size was plenty for the rest of my meal .	portion size	neutral
The staff are super friendly and chill .	staff	neutral
The owner showed up and chatted with me for a moment .	owner	neutral
I recommend trying this place .	place	neutral
Grapefruit margaritas were awesome !	Grapefruit margaritas	neutral
The guacamole and street corn were also great .	guacamole	neutral
The guacamole and street corn were also great .	street corn	neutral
Very quiet and beautiful atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
My friend and I had the lamb burger .	lamb burger	neutral
The staff were also very nice .	staff	neutral
Previous reviewer is absolutely right about Cancun , and it 's too bad since this is a recent ' overhaul ' to the restaurant .	Cancun	neutral
Until about 6 months ago , I 'd have recommended it as a go - to for good , cheap Mexican .	Mexican	neutral
Everything was different , from the Pace - quality salsa to the awful chips to the really boring burrito .	salsa	neutral
Everything was different , from the Pace - quality salsa to the awful chips to the really boring burrito .	chips	neutral
Everything was different , from the Pace - quality salsa to the awful chips to the really boring burrito .	burrito	neutral
Where 's my fajita taco salad , dammit ? ? ?	fajita taco salad	neutral
The service is always great and the food has never let me down .	service	neutral
The service is always great and the food has never let me down .	food	neutral
This time , I had the Breakfast Special and was more than worth the price I paid .	Breakfast Special	neutral
It came with 2 big pieces of toast ( white , sourdough , rye or wheat ) , 2 eggs anyway you want , 2 sausage links or bacon and home made , hand cut home fried potatoes .	eggs	neutral
The place is clean and the 2nd Generation Family owner , Luke took the time to talk with me and really cares about the quality of food , service and your overall experience .	place	neutral
The place is clean and the 2nd Generation Family owner , Luke took the time to talk with me and really cares about the quality of food , service and your overall experience .	Luke	neutral
The place is clean and the 2nd Generation Family owner , Luke took the time to talk with me and really cares about the quality of food , service and your overall experience .	food	neutral
The place is clean and the 2nd Generation Family owner , Luke took the time to talk with me and really cares about the quality of food , service and your overall experience .	service	neutral
If you are looking for a hidden gem off the I-17 and Glendale , you got ta check this place out .... you will not be disappointed .	place	neutral
This was a nice chain - type restaurant .	chain	neutral
This was a nice chain - type restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Things were a little salty like most chain restaurant food and the portions are huge .	portions	neutral
Service was great - upbeat nice kids .	Service	neutral
Its fast food pizza not a lot of expectations .	fast food pizza	neutral
Outstanding & friendly service , great ambiance , and delicious food .	service	neutral
Outstanding & friendly service , great ambiance , and delicious food .	ambiance	neutral
Outstanding & friendly service , great ambiance , and delicious food .	food	neutral
Also has vegetarian options which is a plus for me !	vegetarian	neutral
I loved the vegetarian lunch platter --- so creative and beautiful .	vegetarian lunch platter	neutral
This place is delicious ! !	place	neutral
I love the asada , so moist and tasteful .	asada	neutral
The tortilla shells are homemade , soft and the best damn corn tortilla I 've ever had .	tortilla shells	neutral
The tortilla shells are homemade , soft and the best damn corn tortilla I 've ever had .	corn tortilla	neutral
They use all fresh ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
The service is a hit or miss with friendliness .	service	neutral
The location is great and the food is even better .	location	neutral
The location is great and the food is even better .	food	neutral
It 's a nice place to enjoy Korean food with your significant other or a group of friends .	Korean food	neutral
groups are nice as you get to order and try different Korean dishes .	Korean dishes	neutral
I 'm not too fond of the cross legged traditional floor seating , but it 's there for tradition sake .	cross	neutral
If you 're going to try this place , which I recommend , I suggest getting there early or plan on waiting .	place	neutral
Beef Ball Noodle with Drink ( $ 4 . 50 ) though is on the smallish side	Beef Ball Noodle with Drink	neutral
Pizza is made to order so	Pizza	neutral
The place has a very spacious industrial feel and you can see people making the pizzas !	place	neutral
The place has a very spacious industrial feel and you can see people making the pizzas !	pizzas	neutral
Whether you are eating in or taking out , your pizza will come in a pizza box - wish they had an alternative way if you are eating - in to avoid wasting boxes .	pizza	neutral
The pizza I had also had sesame seeds on the crust ( genius ! ) .	pizza	neutral
The crust was n't thick and was chewy in a " bouncy " way which reminded me of the pizza I had in Naples over a decade ago !	crust	neutral
Would absolutely come back here again and would highly recommend this place !	place	neutral
Everything from the cheese , to the herbs to the tomato sauce and the crust was FRESH .	cheese	neutral
Everything from the cheese , to the herbs to the tomato sauce and the crust was FRESH .	herbs	neutral
Everything from the cheese , to the herbs to the tomato sauce and the crust was FRESH .	tomato sauce	neutral
Everything from the cheese , to the herbs to the tomato sauce and the crust was FRESH .	crust	neutral
A lot cleaner , up to date , contemporary decor , clean , etc ..	decor	neutral
As always this place has a lot of choices , portions are satisfying , price is very reasonable and the food is served quickly .	portions	neutral
We had their green beans with pork 5/5 , cooked to perfection !	green beans with pork	neutral
The beans had a slight crunch , and was very flavorful .	beans	neutral
The pork added extra flavor and necessary balance of salt to the overall dish .	pork	neutral
Thankfully the green beans were not over cooked !	green beans	neutral
equal balance of salt , mixed in with some shrimp and beans .	shrimp	neutral
You can never go wrong with Hot pot @	Hot pot	neutral
Taste is bang on , and not too overly salty , and they did n't go cheap on fish portions , as some other restaurants do .	Taste	neutral
Taste is bang on , and not too overly salty , and they did n't go cheap on fish portions , as some other restaurants do .	fish portions	neutral
Overall a great dish to top off our early dinner .	dish	neutral
So i believe that the dinner experience involves 3 important things : food quality , ambience , and customer experience .	food	neutral
So i believe that the dinner experience involves 3 important things : food quality , ambience , and customer experience .	ambience	neutral
the food was very tasty and delicious .	food	neutral
we ordered the appetizer mozarella pizza and it was good .	appetizer mozarella pizza	neutral
it has a thin , crispy crust and nice flavor to it .	crust	neutral
i ordered the linguini with clams in white sauce and it was tasty as well .	linguini with clams in white sauce	neutral
it had copious amounts of garlic slices throughout which gave it a strong flavor and lots of big clams as well .	garlic	neutral
m glad i read reviews before going because i got the heads up on portion size which was huge , even though i ordered the half size .	portion size	neutral
my friends ordered the rigatoni and the pennetta and they both were delicious .	rigatoni	neutral
my friends ordered the rigatoni and the pennetta and they both were delicious .	pennetta	neutral
the pennetta came with a variety of these fresh , cherry - like tomatoes that were yummy as well .	pennetta	neutral
the pennetta came with a variety of these fresh , cherry - like tomatoes that were yummy as well .	tomatoes	neutral
for dessert , we had the peach berry fizz which was sooo good .	peach berry fizz	neutral
it came with peach sorbetto , fresh berries , and was topped off with moscato , it was fantastic and refreshing !	peach sorbetto	neutral
club like atmosphere and loud music .	atmosphere	neutral
club like atmosphere and loud music .	music	neutral
we were seated promptly by the nice hostess and soon greeted by the waiter .	hostess	neutral
we were seated promptly by the nice hostess and soon greeted by the waiter .	waiter	neutral
it was up until the waiter ( who was a 6 foot something , skinny , guy , with a flavor saver , half goatee thing , in his 20 's ) and the other waiter assistant ?	waiter	neutral
it was up until the waiter ( who was a 6 foot something , skinny , guy , with a flavor saver , half goatee thing , in his 20 's ) and the other waiter assistant ?	waiter	neutral
he was shorter and had a bald head and a goatee ) realized that we were n't high rollers and were n't ordering 3 appetizers , soup and salad add ons , and expensve bottles of wine	soup	neutral
he was shorter and had a bald head and a goatee ) realized that we were n't high rollers and were n't ordering 3 appetizers , soup and salad add ons , and expensve bottles of wine	bottles	neutral
it was especially obvious that they began to lose interest in giving us exceptional customer service as the night went on .	customer service	neutral
but after serving the food , the tall waiter guy stopped showing any interest in us .	waiter guy	neutral
i really feel that the waiters shunned our party once they found out we were n't going to drop hundreds of dollards that night , but is nt that considered discrimination ?	waiters	neutral
should nt all patrons of an establishment be treated with the same superior customer service , especially in a fine dining establishment ?	customer service	neutral
should nt all patrons of an establishment be treated with the same superior customer service , especially in a fine dining establishment ?	dining establishment	neutral
when the bill came , the waiter did nt even say " thank you " or " take your time " he just left it on the table as he walked by .	waiter	neutral
the hostess was very nice and told them what door to go through .	hostess	neutral
the bouncer at the door indicated that a manager would have to walk us to the door to get access to upstairs and soon after , the hostess and the manager ( who was very nice and had dark rimmed glasses ) came by to let us through .	manager	neutral
all the while , i see that tall waiter at the corner staring at us , probably waiting to see if we were going to complain about him .	waiter	neutral
Pork sandwiches , Chicken , fries and Onion rings are the best and do n't forget the cherry lemon Sundrop .	Pork sandwiches	neutral
Pork sandwiches , Chicken , fries and Onion rings are the best and do n't forget the cherry lemon Sundrop .	Chicken	neutral
Pork sandwiches , Chicken , fries and Onion rings are the best and do n't forget the cherry lemon Sundrop .	fries	neutral
Pork sandwiches , Chicken , fries and Onion rings are the best and do n't forget the cherry lemon Sundrop .	Onion rings	neutral
Pork sandwiches , Chicken , fries and Onion rings are the best and do n't forget the cherry lemon Sundrop .	cherry lemon Sundrop	neutral
This place is nice .	place	neutral
The karaoke rooms are clean and decorated well .	karaoke rooms	neutral
There are also many drinks for you to choose ; beer , wiskey , wine , soju , sake , cocktails and etc . come and sing ! ! ! !	wiskey	neutral
There are also many drinks for you to choose ; beer , wiskey , wine , soju , sake , cocktails and etc . come and sing ! ! ! !	wine	neutral
There are also many drinks for you to choose ; beer , wiskey , wine , soju , sake , cocktails and etc . come and sing ! ! ! !	soju	neutral
Place was so hard to find .	Place	neutral
Our service was excellent .	service	neutral
We ordered the trio of salsas and the guacamole .	guacamole	neutral
My mother and siblings all ordered humongous margaritas .	margaritas	neutral
I ordered the plantain empanadas ( not mexican , BTW ) .	plantain empanadas	neutral
Next time I 'll try the green corn tamales .	green corn tamales	neutral
The " soup " was too thick and did n't have much flavor .	soup "	neutral
However , the soup has these cubes of cheese that are so damn delicious ...	soup	neutral
Service was good but the food was horrible .	Service	neutral
Service was good but the food was horrible .	food	neutral
Gummy gnocchi , over cooked pasta , cold bruschetta .	gnocchi	neutral
Gummy gnocchi , over cooked pasta , cold bruschetta .	pasta	neutral
Gummy gnocchi , over cooked pasta , cold bruschetta .	bruschetta	neutral
LAVO has got to be the best place to be on Sunday nights- VICE Sundays .	LAVO	neutral
DJ Vice is the sh*t .	DJ Vice	neutral
Before heading out , my buddy asked me what his DJ style is like , and the best way I can describe it is high energy the whole time , except this last time when he rounded off the night with Drake / The Weeknd 's " Crew Love . "	DJ	neutral
Two chicken Caesar salads for just short of $ 20 .	chicken Caesar salads	neutral
I was surprised that the server would even attempt to scrape the last hard grains , and expect me to eat it .	server	neutral
I told him the rice did n't look fresh and asked if more was coming .	rice	neutral
Overall , Chipotle is usually on top of their game and never let things get down to the bitter end of a pan .	Chipotle	neutral
We have had consistently great food , fantastic service , and the atmosphere and ambiance is quite unique .	food	neutral
We have had consistently great food , fantastic service , and the atmosphere and ambiance is quite unique .	service	neutral
We have had consistently great food , fantastic service , and the atmosphere and ambiance is quite unique .	atmosphere	neutral
We have had consistently great food , fantastic service , and the atmosphere and ambiance is quite unique .	ambiance	neutral
So the place is a hole in the wall , and not a good kind of dive that has character .	place	neutral
So the place is a hole in the wall , and not a good kind of dive that has character .	dive	neutral
The doors and windows are all covered in iron bars and the inside is bare bones with basic seating and not frequently cleaned tables .	doors	neutral
The doors and windows are all covered in iron bars and the inside is bare bones with basic seating and not frequently cleaned tables .	windows	neutral
The doors and windows are all covered in iron bars and the inside is bare bones with basic seating and not frequently cleaned tables .	seating	neutral
However , since I m giving 4 stars I obviously like the food very much .	food	neutral
The chimichangas are the best we 've ever had .	chimichangas	neutral
The food is tasty , and does n't skimp on the protein .	food	neutral
Excellent traditional mexican food .	mexican food	neutral
Service is friendly , although not too fast .	Service	neutral
A trip to Phoenix is n't the same without Carolinas .	Carolinas	neutral
Chicken and waffles , jalape単o bacon , chicken flautas , everything is so good .	Chicken and waffles	neutral
Chicken and waffles , jalape単o bacon , chicken flautas , everything is so good .	jalape単o bacon	neutral
Chicken and waffles , jalape単o bacon , chicken flautas , everything is so good .	chicken flautas	neutral
The service is on point and the drinks are great !	service	neutral
The service is on point and the drinks are great !	drinks	neutral
Dinner is good too , but I only come for brunch !	Dinner	neutral
Best deli sandwiches ever .	deli sandwiches	neutral
The creamy basil pasta salad is excellent .	creamy basil pasta salad	neutral
Wonderful friendly staff who gets to know you as you frequent the store .	staff	neutral
But moving on ... we arrived for our 8:00 reservation and the live music was in full swing .	live	neutral
Now , this place is tiny ; maybe a dozen tables .	place	neutral
The music was over - the - top loud .	music	neutral
We could n't hear the server ; she could n't hear us .	server	neutral
Not only did they play loudly , the saxophonist played into a mic !	saxophonist	neutral
Aside from the way - too - loud music , the decor is absolutely tacky .	music	neutral
Aside from the way - too - loud music , the decor is absolutely tacky .	decor	neutral
I was ready to overlook all of this for the authentic , home - cooked food they touted .	food	neutral
The garlic bread was OK ... crunchy and flavorful , with a slightly - too - greasy marinara sauce .	garlic bread	neutral
The garlic bread was OK ... crunchy and flavorful , with a slightly - too - greasy marinara sauce .	marinara sauce	neutral
The salad they serve with everything is sad .	salad	neutral
Just under - dressed lettuce .	lettuce	neutral
the mushrooms were good .	mushrooms	neutral
But the breading on the chicken was raw and mushy .	breading	neutral
But the breading on the chicken was raw and mushy .	chicken	neutral
She went to get ' Chef ' Mike , who explained that is exactly how it is supposed to be prepared .	Chef	neutral
However , having tasted the other three entrees on the table , it was clear that my entree was n't the problem , but that bad food is the only menu option here .	food	neutral
The meatballs , a staple in Italian joint , had the consistency of wet , very fine mashed together sawdust .	meatballs	neutral
Weirdest texture ever for a meatball .	meatball	neutral
The gnocchi was undercooked and gummy .	gnocchi	neutral
And the cheese on the lasagna was rubbery , but not in a good ooey - gooey cheese way .	cheese	neutral
And the cheese on the lasagna was rubbery , but not in a good ooey - gooey cheese way .	lasagna	neutral
All served with the same greasy , flavorless red sauce .	red sauce	neutral
If this place were on Restaurant Impossible or Kitchen Nightmares , you can just tell that the owner would think everyone else is crazy and he 's the only right one .	owner	neutral
Now , I do n't like giving negative reviews to independent places , but there 's just nothing good about this place .	place	neutral
grand jeu :	grand jeu	neutral
Le caf辿 ne sert pas seulement  te d辿coller les	caf辿	neutral
This is now our new favorite pizza spot .	pizza	neutral
Pizza was prefect and staff was great .	Pizza	neutral
Pizza was prefect and staff was great .	staff	neutral
Spotless everywhere including restrooms .	restrooms	neutral
Thin crust not too much sauce and fresh toppings .	crust	neutral
Thin crust not too much sauce and fresh toppings .	sauce	neutral
Thin crust not too much sauce and fresh toppings .	toppings	neutral
Food was great and Vivy gave excellent service .	Food	neutral
Food was great and Vivy gave excellent service .	service	neutral
FUCK this place is soooooo good ! ! !	place	neutral
If your looking for something different and new try this place !	place	neutral
The shrimp ceviche is bomb !	shrimp ceviche	neutral
Not to pricy for the food and a good spot to have some drinks too !	food	neutral
Not to pricy for the food and a good spot to have some drinks too !	spot	neutral
Favorite Greek place !	Greek place	neutral
Tiny restaurant though , so best if you can eat it elsewhere !	restaurant	neutral
It is a brightly decorated restaurant , located in a small suburban strip mall .	restaurant	neutral
It features mediterranean cuisine , but is basically serving Israeli type middle eastern food .	mediterranean cuisine	neutral
My old stand - by Jerusalem Mix is also on the menu .	Jerusalem Mix	neutral
I can be a large eater at times but the chicken was extremely plentiful and the whole thing very tasty .	chicken	neutral
To complete the meal I had a small piece of average baklava , and a pretty good coffee .	baklava	neutral
To complete the meal I had a small piece of average baklava , and a pretty good coffee .	coffee	neutral
You have your prerequisite pasta station , asian station , seafood , meat , etc .	pasta	neutral
You have your prerequisite pasta station , asian station , seafood , meat , etc .	asian	neutral
You have your prerequisite pasta station , asian station , seafood , meat , etc .	seafood	neutral
You have your prerequisite pasta station , asian station , seafood , meat , etc .	meat	neutral
I had expected to be wowed considering what I had heard about this particular buffet , but instead it was just " good .	buffet	neutral
It 's such a varied selection of desserts that it can hard to decide where to start .	desserts	neutral
What did stand out to me was ambiance ; this place actually has that despite being a buffet and	ambiance	neutral
There was also the attentiveness of the staff .	staff	neutral
Very convenient location near the Park in Las Vegas .	location	neutral
Has indoor and outdoor area .	indoor	neutral
Has indoor and outdoor area .	outdoor area	neutral
But it 's Crazy Expensive $ 61 for 2 draft beers and 2 drinks .	draft beers	neutral
Great antipasti .	antipasti	neutral
It 's a wonderful bakery to have nearby !	bakery	neutral
Being able to swing by and have fresh bread with dinner is amazing .	bread	neutral
All the loaves I have tried thus far are de - lish .	loaves	neutral
The only one I found a little lacking was the Left Coast sourdough .	Left	neutral
The only one I found a little lacking was the Left Coast sourdough .	sourdough	neutral
I am excited to work my way through the seasonal selections as the year goes on .	seasonal	neutral
Bonus points for the well curated and well priced cheese selection .	cheese selection	neutral
Service was extremely slow and when I requested an extra well done burger with NO PINK , my waiter said the burgers are already kinda burnt , but he can ask well done .	Service	neutral
Service was extremely slow and when I requested an extra well done burger with NO PINK , my waiter said the burgers are already kinda burnt , but he can ask well done .	burger	neutral
Service was extremely slow and when I requested an extra well done burger with NO PINK , my waiter said the burgers are already kinda burnt , but he can ask well done .	waiter	neutral
Service was extremely slow and when I requested an extra well done burger with NO PINK , my waiter said the burgers are already kinda burnt , but he can ask well done .	burgers	neutral
so I had to wait longer for a well done burger ....	burger	neutral
Service was awful , food not much better .	Service	neutral
Service was awful , food not much better .	food	neutral
Their sodas were flat , so opted for water instead , never received refills though .	sodas	neutral
Waitress was nt even busy , yet failed to return and check on us after food was brought out .	Waitress	neutral
Our waitress was one of the overly bubbly , very fake types with lots of " babes " and " huns " thrown in for good measure .	waitress	neutral
Ill pass on the attitude and reward the service every time .	service	neutral
Btw , 1 star for the chicken wing appetizers with the sweet and spicy Asian sauce .	chicken wing appetizers	neutral
Btw , 1 star for the chicken wing appetizers with the sweet and spicy Asian sauce .	sweet and spicy Asian sauce	neutral
Every time this waitress came there was something missing	waitress	neutral
( Because our waitress is real busy )	waitress	neutral
A manager brings the entrees without so much as a single word , no " hello " , no " here " , nada .	manager	neutral
The kicker for me was the entree themselves .	entree	neutral
My friend and I ordered the exact same thing , the Chicken pasta with white sauce .	Chicken pasta with white sauce	neutral
All of the pasta was very overcooked and extremely bland .	pasta	neutral
I expect to have 1 bad meal if I eat often enough at the same spot .	meal	neutral
Of course I had to wave down our waitress as she s busy entertaining her more important table .	waitress	neutral
While doing so I also show her that our 2 dishes look very different .	dishes	neutral
She thinks I am still on about the terrible pasta .	pasta	neutral
Oh no , I ca n't believe I have been paying to heat up single serve bags like the ones I buy at Sams Club and Costco for a lot less .	single	neutral
I can overcook and over - sauce pasta all on my own while providing a barely tolerable level of service to myself .	service	neutral
And the coup de gras ...	coup de gras	neutral
The manager replies " OH yeah " and they both start laughing .	manager	neutral
Terrible service , terrible food and terrible value .	service	neutral
Terrible service , terrible food and terrible value .	food	neutral
Delicious beer and great bar food !	beer	neutral
Delicious beer and great bar food !	bar food	neutral
but we 've been hearing about four peaks for a long time !	four	neutral
The pumpkin porter beer is incredible and we got some to bring home as well .	pumpkin porter beer	neutral
This place is enormous and extremely busy with a fun atmosphere ! !	place	neutral
This place is enormous and extremely busy with a fun atmosphere ! !	atmosphere	neutral
Service was good but food was not impressive .	Service	neutral
Service was good but food was not impressive .	food	neutral
Steak not really prime and covered on too much pepper .	Steak	neutral
Place is nicely decorated with large winery and waiters very friendly .	Place	neutral
Place is nicely decorated with large winery and waiters very friendly .	winery	neutral
Place is nicely decorated with large winery and waiters very friendly .	waiters	neutral
Great beer selection !	beer selection	neutral
Mussels and poutine were great - granted made with cheese as opposed to cheese curds .	Mussels	neutral
Mussels and poutine were great - granted made with cheese as opposed to cheese curds .	poutine	neutral
Worth the moula , was a little disappointed in the sausage platter as it was not a lot for $ 9 , but they had a good kick to them !	sausage platter	neutral
Nice area , good place to chill and the staff were excellent !	area	neutral
Nice area , good place to chill and the staff were excellent !	place	neutral
Nice area , good place to chill and the staff were excellent !	staff	neutral
Moderately spicy hot , wings on the smaller size .	wings	neutral
Small Blue cheese wedge - thought it would come with blue cheese , but it had bacon and chopped tomatoes on it .	Blue	neutral
Did n't love it , but the lettuce was crisp .	lettuce	neutral
1 bacon jack hamburger - adequate , but not memorable .	bacon jack hamburger	neutral
Bill was $ 25 dollars	Bill	neutral
I built my own 9 " pizza .	pizza	neutral
Having lived in the Northeast , this " pizza " was a disgrace to NY and to pizzas everywhere .	pizza	neutral
The dough was soggy and tasted like a piece of bread that has been left outside in the rain for 2 days .	dough	neutral
The pie itself tasted as if the chef put mushrooms , green peppers , and onions in a blender and poured them onto the watery dough with cheese .	pie	neutral
The pie itself tasted as if the chef put mushrooms , green peppers , and onions in a blender and poured them onto the watery dough with cheese .	chef	neutral
Definitely worst pizza i ever had	pizza	neutral
Rusconi 's is a terrific restaurant , one I 'd gladly frequent if it were not so far from my house .	Rusconi 's	neutral
Both times the meals were delicious .	meals	neutral
I 've tried the bison and beef tenderloins .	bison	neutral
I 've tried the bison and beef tenderloins .	beef tenderloins	neutral
The truffle mac and cheese is delicious .	truffle mac and cheese	neutral
Great service ( except for the seating / hostesses , which left something to be desired ) .	service	neutral
Great service ( except for the seating / hostesses , which left something to be desired ) .	seating /	neutral
Great service ( except for the seating / hostesses , which left something to be desired ) .	hostesses	neutral
This is an AMZING buffet !	buffet	neutral
I love their Indian cuisine and they are open7 days per week for buffet !	Indian cuisine	neutral
It 's My number one place for Indian cuisine .	Indian cuisine	neutral
Paul 's Club is a bar that would do great in any city with a vibe .	Paul	neutral
I have n't found a jukebox of its equal anywhere in the world .	jukebox	neutral
They have great beers on tap .	beers	neutral
They have terrific barware ... big buckets of heavy glass with a great feel to them when their filled with your favorite booze and mixer .	barware	neutral
Maybe the place is a bit crowded on the weekends , but as the whiskey kicks in and A Tribe Called Quest comes on the jukebox followed by the Strokes or The Stones this bar feels like the greatest place in the world .	bar	neutral
Fantastic food , dim sum and entrees are all great .	food	neutral
Fantastic food , dim sum and entrees are all great .	dim sum	neutral
Fantastic food , dim sum and entrees are all great .	entrees	neutral
The owner and service professionals are excellent .	owner	neutral
The owner and service professionals are excellent .	service	neutral
Every time we make a home visit back to Toronto we always go back to the Perfect Kitchen .	Kitchen	neutral
They 're hit and sour soup , beef hofun , Cantonese chow mein and dim sum are excellent .	hit	neutral
They 're hit and sour soup , beef hofun , Cantonese chow mein and dim sum are excellent .	beef hofun	neutral
They 're hit and sour soup , beef hofun , Cantonese chow mein and dim sum are excellent .	Cantonese chow mein	neutral
They 're hit and sour soup , beef hofun , Cantonese chow mein and dim sum are excellent .	dim sum	neutral
We miss the food constantly .	food	neutral
I was just thinking about the evolution of the pizza place as a hangout .	pizza place	neutral
When you start making money , you opt for some organic , gluten - free , fair - trade , new - age pizza joint where a 12 ' pie will cost you $ 60 .	pizza	neutral
When you start making money , you opt for some organic , gluten - free , fair - trade , new - age pizza joint where a 12 ' pie will cost you $ 60 .	12	neutral
When you start making money , you opt for some organic , gluten - free , fair - trade , new - age pizza joint where a 12 ' pie will cost you $ 60 .	pie	neutral
The place itself is tiny , so get ready to wait .	place	neutral
They rope off a few parking spots , put up some giant umbrellas for shade and ambiance , bring out the best washable red - and - white checkered tablecloths and . . .	umbrellas	neutral
They rope off a few parking spots , put up some giant umbrellas for shade and ambiance , bring out the best washable red - and - white checkered tablecloths and . . .	ambiance	neutral
They rope off a few parking spots , put up some giant umbrellas for shade and ambiance , bring out the best washable red - and - white checkered tablecloths and . . .	washable	neutral
They rope off a few parking spots , put up some giant umbrellas for shade and ambiance , bring out the best washable red - and - white checkered tablecloths and . . .	red	neutral
They rope off a few parking spots , put up some giant umbrellas for shade and ambiance , bring out the best washable red - and - white checkered tablecloths and . . .	tablecloths	neutral
You 've got yourself an outdoor seating area .	outdoor seating area	neutral
While you 're waiting for the pizza , why not order their signature drink , the Bellini .	Bellini	neutral
The Oregano 's Bellini could be best described as a slushee with cheap alcohol .	Oregano 's Bellini	neutral
It 's the kind of a drink that is much more likely to give you a brain freeze and a sugar rush instead of a buzz or a hangover .	drink	neutral
We had to wait for our Bellini for a good 20 minutes because the slushee machine was on the fritz .	slushee machine	neutral
For the six of us , we ordered two extra large ( 18 ' ) thin crust pizzas , a BBQ Chicken and a Hawaiian pizza .	thin crust	neutral
The pizzas arrived promptly on gigantic aluminum trays . . .	pizzas	neutral
The pizzas were cut up into small squares , making it ideal for sharing .	pizzas	neutral
Also , eating 20 little squares of pizza eliminates the guilt associated with eating several slices of pizza .	pizza	neutral
The pizza itself was n't the best I 've ever had , but it was n't the worst , either .	pizza	neutral
The crust was crunchy and delicious .	crust	neutral
The toppings were just OK , and I was not impressed with the feta / mozzarella cheese combo that topped the BBQ chicken pizza .	toppings	neutral
The toppings were just OK , and I was not impressed with the feta / mozzarella cheese combo that topped the BBQ chicken pizza .	feta / mozzarella cheese combo	neutral
A couple of my friends complained that the Hawaiian pizza toppings tasted moldy , but I did n't think so at all .	Hawaiian pizza toppings	neutral
Our waiter looked like a struggling college student who worked at Oregano 's part time .	waiter	neutral
Overall , it 's a good place to spend time with your friends and relive your high school years , when hanging out at your local pizza parlor was cool .	pizza parlor	neutral
Although the food was n't too bad .	food	neutral
The service was the worst I have ever experienced .	service	neutral
When a call was placed to complain the " owner " argued with me that she was right and was quite rude ..	owner	neutral
Ordered hamachi sashimi , sake nigiri , and a Caterpillar roll .	sake	neutral
My sushi was fresh enough , got sat at the sushi bar .	sushi	neutral
This place was pretty much dead .	place	neutral
I wanted to try Mon Ami Gami , but the wait was atrocious for what my husband says is mediocre food .	wait	neutral
I wanted to try Mon Ami Gami , but the wait was atrocious for what my husband says is mediocre food .	food	neutral
But unlike some of the other overhyped desserts , this one actually tastes good .	desserts	neutral
The black tastes like coconut , and is by far the best flavour .	black	neutral
The other two flavours ( Ube and Matcha ) being sweet and pleasant , but overall underflavoured .	Ube	neutral
The other two flavours ( Ube and Matcha ) being sweet and pleasant , but overall underflavoured .	Matcha	neutral
The lack of self - checkout or express lanes is frustrating about all Targets .	express lanes	neutral
Good food and huge portions !	food	neutral
Good food and huge portions !	portions	neutral
I ordered the sage fried chicken and waffles .	sage	neutral
The chicken was sweet and crispy on the outside , tender and juicy inside .	chicken	neutral
But the waffle was mehhh ... if it was crispy that would have really made the dish .	waffle	neutral
Overall good price for the portion .	portion	neutral
This place is awesome ! !	place	neutral
The food is great and the service the best !	food	neutral
The food is great and the service the best !	service	neutral
Just got wings and pizza which somehow came to $ 60 .	wings	neutral
Just got wings and pizza which somehow came to $ 60 .	pizza	neutral
The food took a long time to come and the pizza was ice cold .	food	neutral
The food took a long time to come and the pizza was ice cold .	pizza	neutral
I called to explain all of this and was berated by the rude onsite manager .	manager	neutral
Love this place !	place	neutral
Great pizza , wine and atmosphere .	pizza	neutral
Great pizza , wine and atmosphere .	wine	neutral
Great pizza , wine and atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Food and drinks were excellent .	Food	neutral
Food and drinks were excellent .	drinks	neutral
Waitstaff were well trained .	Waitstaff	neutral
Good customer service .	customer service	neutral
Clean bathrooms .	bathrooms	neutral
Sashimi and sushi .	Sashimi	neutral
Sashimi and sushi .	sushi	neutral
The maguro was a bit frozen and pale .	maguro	neutral
The sake lacked in luster but the hirame and hamichi ( kudos ) .	sake	neutral
The sake lacked in luster but the hirame and hamichi ( kudos ) .	hirame	neutral
The sake lacked in luster but the hirame and hamichi ( kudos ) .	hamichi	neutral
They even had uni and sweet shrimp as part of the deal .	uni	neutral
They even had uni and sweet shrimp as part of the deal .	sweet shrimp	neutral
Good sushi is never a roll .	sushi	neutral
The manager By the name of Ryan was very disrespectful and rude .	manager	neutral
The manager By the name of Ryan was very disrespectful and rude .	Ryan	neutral
I had gotten extra steak in my meal and was charged for it .	meal	neutral
I explained my case to the " manager " and he denied it and said " if I was n't happy , I can go to the other side of phoenix and have low quality food " .	manager	neutral
I explained my case to the " manager " and he denied it and said " if I was n't happy , I can go to the other side of phoenix and have low quality food " .	food	neutral
I will be doing a follow up on this matter and I will never step foot into this place again .	place	neutral
This place will go down in my gastronomic history .	place	neutral
A lot of Mexican places opt for processed ingredients that lead to overly salty dishes without a lot of spices .	dishes	neutral
Not Casa Reyna .	Casa Reyna	neutral
For starters we tried two salsas , and the queso fundido .	queso	neutral
The salsas were pretty good , and the queso was delicious .	salsas	neutral
The salsas were pretty good , and the queso was delicious .	queso	neutral
We got ours with the chorizo , and it added a nice flavor without overwhelming the rest of the dip .	chorizo	neutral
The chips were crunchy , sturdy enough to handle dipping , and they had a nice flavor without being crazy salty .	chips	neutral
The entrees came out quickly and were visually appealing .	entrees	neutral
I ordered chicken fajitas , which were served in a hollowed out , grilled pineapple half .	chicken fajitas	neutral
The meat was seasoned , but not overly spicy , and was served with grilled onions , bell peppers , and pineapple .	meat	neutral
I really liked the addition of the pineapple .	pineapple	neutral
Normally , restaurants will serve you bland and old rice and beans with the expectation ( I think ) that you wo n't eat them anyway .	rice	neutral
The rice was delicious and still tender and fresh .	rice	neutral
The beans were the best I have ever had at a restaurant .	beans	neutral
It was served with fresh , home made tortillas which rounded it out really nicely .	tortillas	neutral
The others ordered the Quatro Moles dish and the flautas , which were made there , large , and looked delicious ( I did n't have the chance to sample around ) .	Quatro Moles	neutral
The others ordered the Quatro Moles dish and the flautas , which were made there , large , and looked delicious ( I did n't have the chance to sample around ) .	flautas	neutral
We tried both of the desserts they offered that night , the flan and the chocolate ice cream .	flan	neutral
I assumed the ice cream was your typical food service delivery in a five gallon tub , but it was a creamy , icy Mexican chocolate concoction that I ca n't get out of my mind .	ice	neutral
I assumed the ice cream was your typical food service delivery in a five gallon tub , but it was a creamy , icy Mexican chocolate concoction that I ca n't get out of my mind .	Mexican	neutral
The flan was sooooo good , as well .	flan	neutral
The service there was prompt and friendly enough .	service	neutral
I would not say that our server was bubbly or insanely extroverted , but I do n't dine out to befriend the wait staff .	server	neutral
I would not say that our server was bubbly or insanely extroverted , but I do n't dine out to befriend the wait staff .	wait staff	neutral
If you like Mexican food and have tried as many places as I have in search of a meal that is entirely satisfying , you wo n't regret it .	meal	neutral
Since this place has been remodeled it has a different feel to it , but not in a bad way , the bar is now the big hot spot in the restaurant .	place	neutral
Since this place has been remodeled it has a different feel to it , but not in a bad way , the bar is now the big hot spot in the restaurant .	bar	neutral
The food is still really good and the service has its ups and downs , but I am glad that it re - opened .	food	neutral
The food is still really good and the service has its ups and downs , but I am glad that it re - opened .	service	neutral
Great atmosphere , wonderful service & the food was a hit !	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere , wonderful service & the food was a hit !	service	neutral
Great atmosphere , wonderful service & the food was a hit !	food	neutral
We had filet , lobster , wine and salads .	filet	neutral
We had filet , lobster , wine and salads .	lobster	neutral
We had filet , lobster , wine and salads .	wine	neutral
The steak was cooked perfectly and just melted in your mouth !	steak	neutral
This was our first time trying out the Market and the food still tastes the same but the menu items are more limited .	food	neutral
This was our first time trying out the Market and the food still tastes the same but the menu items are more limited .	menu items	neutral
Luckily they had sweet and sour shrimp .	sweet and sour shrimp	neutral
Also , the portions were much smaller than before .	portions	neutral
It gives off a warehouse vibe - very clean and open with tons of wood and metal tables .	wood	neutral
It gives off a warehouse vibe - very clean and open with tons of wood and metal tables .	tables	neutral
The service was super quick - granted	service	neutral
I hope they keep the redesign inside , but definitely go back to the standard menu .	menu	neutral
Not only was the food amazing , they even had live entertainment .	food	neutral
There was a bit of a wait but well worth it .	wait	neutral
Tried this place for the first time .	place	neutral
Also Ericka our server gave excellent service ! !	Ericka	neutral
Also Ericka our server gave excellent service ! !	server	neutral
Also Ericka our server gave excellent service ! !	service	neutral
I really like how the seafood department is seperate from the rest of grocery and meat department .	seafood	neutral
They also have a prepared food section serving my favourite sesame balls and other hot foods .	sesame	neutral
That really sets this place appart from most .	place	neutral
There was no line so we were seated right away by a very prompt hostess .	hostess	neutral
The restaurant and its location are both interestingly quirky .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant and its location are both interestingly quirky .	location	neutral
The interior and ambience of the restaurant felt fun and inviting .	interior	neutral
The interior and ambience of the restaurant felt fun and inviting .	ambience	neutral
The interior and ambience of the restaurant felt fun and inviting .	restaurant	neutral
It just feels like a cool place to go have a meal .	place	neutral
The server was friendly and quick .	server	neutral
There was a good variety of dishes to choose from .	dishes	neutral
The coffee was delicious .	coffee	neutral
There was n't a trace of bitterness in the coffee .	coffee	neutral
The rest of the food was very good as well .	food	neutral
All in all a delightful place to have a meal .	place	neutral
I would definitely go again to try out the other dishes .	dishes	neutral
Come on it is a chain , but a really nice shop , all brand new , clean and nice .	shop	neutral
The staff was extremely kind and helpful .	staff	neutral
The decor is perfectly quaint and fun .	decor	neutral
I got a great milk tea with bobs and appreciated the loyalty card as well .	milk tea with	neutral
I got a great milk tea with bobs and appreciated the loyalty card as well .	bobs	neutral
I mean , i 'm not a die hard fan of this place , but my mom and sisters are in love !	place	neutral
I do n't blame them though , their selection of food is ridiculously good and they buffet is very extensive .	selection of food	neutral
I do n't blame them though , their selection of food is ridiculously good and they buffet is very extensive .	buffet	neutral
The sushi sits in the middle , freshly made every minute !	sushi	neutral
With the buffet comes things like sushi ( of course ) , the typical buffet foods ( lo mein , fried rice , sesame chicken , etc ) , HIBACHI ! ! ! ! , and desserts to die for .	sushi	neutral
With the buffet comes things like sushi ( of course ) , the typical buffet foods ( lo mein , fried rice , sesame chicken , etc ) , HIBACHI ! ! ! ! , and desserts to die for .	buffet foods	neutral
With the buffet comes things like sushi ( of course ) , the typical buffet foods ( lo mein , fried rice , sesame chicken , etc ) , HIBACHI ! ! ! ! , and desserts to die for .	lo mein	neutral
With the buffet comes things like sushi ( of course ) , the typical buffet foods ( lo mein , fried rice , sesame chicken , etc ) , HIBACHI ! ! ! ! , and desserts to die for .	fried rice	neutral
With the buffet comes things like sushi ( of course ) , the typical buffet foods ( lo mein , fried rice , sesame chicken , etc ) , HIBACHI ! ! ! ! , and desserts to die for .	sesame chicken	neutral
With the buffet comes things like sushi ( of course ) , the typical buffet foods ( lo mein , fried rice , sesame chicken , etc ) , HIBACHI ! ! ! ! , and desserts to die for .	HIBACHI	neutral
With the buffet comes things like sushi ( of course ) , the typical buffet foods ( lo mein , fried rice , sesame chicken , etc ) , HIBACHI ! ! ! ! , and desserts to die for .	desserts	neutral
I absolutely LOVE that with your buffet comes hibachi ! !	hibachi	neutral
You just grab a plate , choose all the raw foods and protein you want , give it to the chef , and 5 minutes later , your food is waiting for you at the counter .	chef	neutral
You MUST put the yum yum sauce on ALL your foods ! !	sauce	neutral
You MUST put the yum yum sauce on ALL your foods ! !	foods	neutral
The udon soup however does not come with the buffet ....	udon soup	neutral
I am happy that this place is n't closer to my parents ' house in Ohio .... every one of my family members would be a cow !	place	neutral
But this place is definitely worth the money and the drive .	place	neutral
Tried this place out for the first time last night , and it 's one of our new top 5 places to go for date night .	place	neutral
The vibe is relaxed and cool .	vibe	neutral
I was being a wimp with the cooler temps and decided to eat inside instead of on the patio , which looked really inviting .	patio	neutral
Inside , not only are there your regular tables & chairs , but there are couches and oversized armchairs that you can choose to sit as well .	tables	neutral
Our waiter was incredible .	waiter	neutral
We took his recommendations for both our food and wine , and we were incredibly happy with both .	food	neutral
We took his recommendations for both our food and wine , and we were incredibly happy with both .	wine	neutral
We ordered the chicken pesto pasta and the 5th and Wine Burger with Cambozola cheese .	chicken	neutral
We ordered the chicken pesto pasta and the 5th and Wine Burger with Cambozola cheese .	5th and Wine Burger with Cambozola cheese	neutral
Both were delicious , but I think my favorite item was actually the garlic fries that came on the side with the spicy dipping sauce .	garlic fries	neutral
Both were delicious , but I think my favorite item was actually the garlic fries that came on the side with the spicy dipping sauce .	spicy dipping sauce	neutral
We are happy to recommend this great restaurant to everyone , and ca n't wait to go back .	restaurant	neutral
and I absolutely loved everything about this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The decor was classy and the ambiance was enjoyable without being stuffy .	decor	neutral
The decor was classy and the ambiance was enjoyable without being stuffy .	ambiance	neutral
Our waitress , Zofia , was great	waitress	neutral
Our waitress , Zofia , was great	Zofia	neutral
- she was friendly and explained the menu thoroughly , even giving us some food / drink / tourist recommendations .	menu	neutral
The highlight of the night , and quite possibly my culinary life , was the cavatelli pasta we shared as an appetizer .	cavatelli pasta	neutral
Recommended by our waitress , it was rich and savory , the pasta was cooked to perfection , and it left us both wanting more .	pasta	neutral
Again on Zofia 's recommendation , my girlfriend got the Nota Bene cocktail which was delicious	Nota Bene cocktail	neutral
Also of note was the sticky toffee pudding and ice cream .	sticky toffee pudding	neutral
That 's one disappointing appetizer .	appetizer	neutral
The corn beef on my sandwich was tough .	corn beef	neutral
The corn beef on my sandwich was tough .	sandwich	neutral
The waitress , while extremely friendly , forgot to bring my table 's silverware .	waitress	neutral
Last night 's experience at Cooperstown is demonstrative of most of my experiences at this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
A better execution of this restaurant 's menu and improved service would lead to my adding a third star in the future .	menu	neutral
A better execution of this restaurant 's menu and improved service would lead to my adding a third star in the future .	service	neutral
Love this place !	place	neutral
Some of the best sushi and Japanese food in Vegas ! !	sushi	neutral
Some of the best sushi and Japanese food in Vegas ! !	Japanese food	neutral
The list goes on with this place .	place	neutral
We were also greeted by our server , wearing a black pantyhose cap over braided corn roles .	server	neutral
The actual tepan chef did ok .	tepan chef	neutral
End of the day atmosphere was poor , dated and disorganized .	atmosphere	neutral
Service was awful , owner clueless , and the server was a complete joke .	Service	neutral
Service was awful , owner clueless , and the server was a complete joke .	server	neutral
In writing this review to be fair , I did not have food , so this is strictly off of service and beer .	service	neutral
In writing this review to be fair , I did not have food , so this is strictly off of service and beer .	beer	neutral
and overall it was relaxing and had a fun atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Essentially it is set up for outside with outdoor games and different style of seating .	seating	neutral
The beer selection was amazing and had something for everyone taste .	beer selection	neutral
I ordered the All American which was 2 pancakes , 2 eggs anyway you want and really good bacon .	All American	neutral
It 's such a cute mom & place that makes you wanna put your hands together and say your grace .	place	neutral
The restaurant is large with several different dining rooms and an outdoor patio area .	dining rooms	neutral
The restaurant is large with several different dining rooms and an outdoor patio area .	outdoor patio area	neutral
They have plenty of popular stores .	stores	neutral
My wishlist is for them to have a better food court .	food court	neutral
The service was horrible - a wrap around bar that did n't have wrap around service .	service	neutral
One bartender did n't even bartend .	bartender	neutral
On top of the half an hour plus wait for a beer the beer was mediocre at best .	beer	neutral
If visiting the queens city and looking for craft beer that the area is known for , do n't visit this establishment .	establishment	neutral
If you 're looking for locally sourced and healthy food , B. Good is the place to go .	food	neutral
Customer service alone surpasses Living Kitchen in Atherton by miles .	Customer service	neutral
We stayed until I guess dinner rush and at that time the waitress brought us our check and then was never seen .	waitress	neutral
The event is completely unorganized .	event	neutral
When you treat your customers with bad service and expect to make up the money because of other people .	service	neutral
The food was really good but what impressed us was the service .	food	neutral
The food was really good but what impressed us was the service .	service	neutral
I 've been here twice already and each time the service was great .	service	neutral
They are very attentive , we went on cinco de Mayo and as busy as they were we still got excellent service .	service	neutral
My husband is hard to impress since he loves Southern California Mexican spots , but he really liked the food at Zapata 's , we will be visiting this place more often .	Zapata 's	neutral
Get home to find my baguettes were not included !	baguettes	neutral
Open my salads to find they are half full with one having the core of a lettuce included .	salads	neutral
maybe that 's the reason , people are n't happy with the location !	location	neutral
love the place !	place	neutral
only thing is the long wait .	wait	neutral
After years of coming here it still a very nice and fun place to have dinner and enjoy the live music .	place	neutral
After years of coming here it still a very nice and fun place to have dinner and enjoy the live music .	live music	neutral
This place sucks !	place	neutral
Shortly after ordering our server came back and said they were out of Diet Pepsi .	server	neutral
About 2 minutes later a ' manager type ' comes running over with a total bitchy attitude and gets all over me telling me " no outside drinks allowed " .	manager	neutral
Do you know how many good restaurant choices there are in this area ? !	restaurant	neutral
Way way too many to deal with this place and horrible manager who thinks she is working at some fine dining establishment !	manager	neutral
Nope ... you are in a strip mall selling fried chicken !	fried chicken	neutral
but I will not go back to this place ever !	place	neutral
Me on the other hand , a vegetarian , just stuck with the drinks .	drinks	neutral
But the venue was pretty sweet .	venue	neutral
I love the resturants that have no walls or windows	resturants	neutral
GREAT PEOPLE WATCHING !	PEOPLE	neutral
The service was really fast too .	service	neutral
People at our table had mini burgers & french fries , lobster tacos , buffalo wings , spicy tuna ...	mini burgers	neutral
People at our table had mini burgers & french fries , lobster tacos , buffalo wings , spicy tuna ...	french fries	neutral
People at our table had mini burgers & french fries , lobster tacos , buffalo wings , spicy tuna ...	lobster tacos	neutral
Even though I did n't eat anything , I still had a blast tasting all the different drinks .	drinks	neutral
If my meal was n't complementary , I probably would n't of gone here .	meal	neutral
For one drink its $ 14 .	drink	neutral
I rather spend that money on a cute outfit ...	outfit	neutral
This sandwich is DELICIOUS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	sandwich	neutral
I will absolutely one hundred percent recommend this place to any and everyone .	place	neutral
Sandwiches are served cold or hot .	Sandwiches	neutral
People are nice ! ! ! ! !	People	neutral
Service is soooo slow I came here for lunch	Service	neutral
& it was n't very crowded and it took forever for our server to greet us and take our drink order .	server	neutral
Salad bar was n't fresh at all , lettuce was wilted , empty side dishes , when I went up there there were no plantines or cheese bread .	Salad bar	neutral
Menu options abound and the staff are friendly .	Menu	neutral
Menu options abound and the staff are friendly .	staff	neutral
I 've been here over 20 times and have never been let down by the quality of the food .	food	neutral
Plus , they have the best Vietnamese Restaurant Music 	Vietnamese Restaurant Music	neutral
The menu looked appetizing and promising but everything from the food to the service is just disappointing .	menu	neutral
The menu looked appetizing and promising but everything from the food to the service is just disappointing .	food	neutral
The menu looked appetizing and promising but everything from the food to the service is just disappointing .	service	neutral
I was going to try the Hong Kong noodles , but when the waitress described the dish to me , I decided to just go with the fried rice .	Hong	neutral
I was going to try the Hong Kong noodles , but when the waitress described the dish to me , I decided to just go with the fried rice .	waitress	neutral
My husband had the kung pao chicken , which was nothing special .	kung pao chicken	neutral
The fried chicken lacked flavor and had more egg in every bite than anything else .	fried chicken	neutral
If you want good food , keep walking , you wo n't find it here .	food	neutral
I had the Croque Madame both times .	Croque Madame	neutral
Perfectly cooked , egg was runny and amazing .	egg	neutral
The next day , it was considerably slower inside , but my edges were slightly burnt and my egg was n't runny at all .	egg	neutral
The Mexican corn with Oaxaca was pretty awesome .	Mexican corn with Oaxaca	neutral
The mister got something yummy the first day which I do n't remember ( but clearly was good enough he did n't complain about going back the next day ) , and the special turkey reuben the second time .	special	neutral
The mister got something yummy the first day which I do n't remember ( but clearly was good enough he did n't complain about going back the next day ) , and the special turkey reuben the second time .	turkey reuben	neutral
Reuben was interesting - coleslaw instead of sauerkraut .	Reuben	neutral
Friendly service , tasty food , and breakfast available all day .	service	neutral
Friendly service , tasty food , and breakfast available all day .	food	neutral
Friendly service , tasty food , and breakfast available all day .	breakfast	neutral
Prime rib is delicious and perfectly cooked .	Prime rib	neutral
LOVE the salad and wedge .	salad	neutral
LOVE the salad and wedge .	wedge	neutral
Drinks are extremely stiff so be aware .	Drinks	neutral
Definitely try the desserts .	desserts	neutral
Cinnamon sugar pretzel is my all time favourite .	Cinnamon sugar pretzel	neutral
We tried the sweet almond this time , it 's less sweet , but I would still go back with my favourite cinnamon sugar ;)	sweet almond	neutral
We tried the sweet almond this time , it 's less sweet , but I would still go back with my favourite cinnamon sugar ;)	cinnamon sugar	neutral
I ordered take - out on a business trip : fire roasted rotisserie chicken w/	rotisserie chicken	neutral
I 'm a health nut , and although I know bleu cheese dressing is " better " for you , this stuff tastes so incredible you would never know .	bleu cheese dressing	neutral
Not the low - key hole - in - the wall kind of place , but still seemed fun for a chain - like dining experience .	place	neutral
They offer good options in wine .	wine	neutral
But did except better quality food .	food	neutral
Spinach dip very runny , paste drowning in sauce with little flavor and color , etc .	Spinach dip	neutral
(hint hint ) but still had room in the dessert stomach for some egg waffles .	egg	neutral
Got the HK Milk tea style while my friend got the coconut .	HK Milk tea style	neutral
Luckily it was nearing closing so there was no one in line , and the two owners were friendly .	owners	neutral
The milk tea egg waffles tasted burnt .	milk tea egg waffles	neutral
The coconut one was similar , although the flavour was slightly more evident .	coconut	neutral
Good service at the bar - came here for work .	service	neutral
Good service at the bar - came here for work .	bar	neutral
Nice beer selection and excellent hummus .	beer selection	neutral
Nice beer selection and excellent hummus .	hummus	neutral
I walked right past Cosmo	Cosmo	neutral
Had to wave down waitress .	waitress	neutral
Waitress served another table who came in 15 min after us .	Waitress	neutral
Not even going to bother rating the food .	food	neutral
Found hair in one of our food , not even offer discount .	food	neutral
I love the ambience here ! !	ambience	neutral
The food is really good and the servers are friendly and knowledgeable .	food	neutral
The food is really good and the servers are friendly and knowledgeable .	servers	neutral
A place for every age !	place	neutral
and i m still in line the service sucks	service	neutral
the food is good tho	food	neutral
The waitress took over half hour to introduce herself and bring us water .	waitress	neutral
While ordering our food the waitress did not know what 's the soup of the day ...	waitress	neutral
Also , the host of the group ordered some appetizers to be served and the waitress was n't aware that there was a pre order .	waitress	neutral
Not trying to bash the waitress here but be on top of your game ...	waitress	neutral
As for the food it was pleasing to the eye but terrible on the pallet .	food	neutral
The only food here that was good is the wings and spring rolls .	wings	neutral
The only food here that was good is the wings and spring rolls .	spring rolls	neutral
I ordered the stuffed snapper which was dry and rubbery , as for flavor there was none .	stuffed snapper	neutral
The curry in the cassava mash was terrible ...	curry in the cassava mash	neutral
My fish was only warm partially which is strange as the orders came out pretty quickly .	fish	neutral
Makes me wonder if the food was even prepared fresh .	food	neutral
The food is definitely not worth the price .	food	neutral
Once we got our seats our waiter came over and right away suggested some drinks since we were looking at the adult beverages ( of course , hello we 're in Vegas ! )	waiter	neutral
he told us the new blood orange margarita was great	blood orange margarita	neutral
I wish I would 've gotten my waiters name because he was awesome !	waiters	neutral
I ordered the combo of the steak Diana with salmon and it was delicious .	combo of the	neutral
I ordered the combo of the steak Diana with salmon and it was delicious .	steak Diana with salmon	neutral
The salmon did n't have the least bit of that fishy taste that most salmon has , the steak was perfect and the mashed potatoes were great too !	salmon	neutral
The salmon did n't have the least bit of that fishy taste that most salmon has , the steak was perfect and the mashed potatoes were great too !	steak	neutral
The salmon did n't have the least bit of that fishy taste that most salmon has , the steak was perfect and the mashed potatoes were great too !	mashed potatoes	neutral
Of course we got cheesecake as well	cheesecake	neutral
, I got the s'mores and my friend got red velvet .	s'mores	neutral
One great thing after another with this place !	place	neutral
I will say that when you 're going to a Cheesecake Factory make sure you at least have an idea of what you 'd like to eat because they have a huge selection on their menu	menu	neutral
The petite male asian guy was a freaking AH , he wanted me to pay the total amount tip guidance on the receipt , he said everywhere in vegas it is required to pay a tip , I understand and I always give a tip but do nt tell me how much to give when I am not happy with the way you treat us , I asked you to separate the bill into 3 groups and you want me to shoulder the tip for the rest of the group .	asian guy	neutral
Do n't go here , their service is not genuine and very abusive .	service	neutral
OMG the place is awesome , ambiance is great ... and since the invention of the Short Ribs ... the BEST I ever had ... and the portion was large .	place	neutral
OMG the place is awesome , ambiance is great ... and since the invention of the Short Ribs ... the BEST I ever had ... and the portion was large .	ambiance	neutral
OMG the place is awesome , ambiance is great ... and since the invention of the Short Ribs ... the BEST I ever had ... and the portion was large .	Short Ribs	neutral
OMG the place is awesome , ambiance is great ... and since the invention of the Short Ribs ... the BEST I ever had ... and the portion was large .	portion	neutral
Service was excellent ...	Service	neutral
It 's my new favorite place .	place	neutral
The food here is good .	food	neutral
The place attracts all sorts of crowds and that is why I am taking away two stars .	place	neutral
Some late night drunks like to frequent this place and sometimes they get out of hand and the staff have a hard time dealing with them .	staff	neutral
Also , the place is pure run down .	place	neutral
If you can get past the particular crowds and shabby , run down decor , then go for the food .	decor	neutral
If you can get past the particular crowds and shabby , run down decor , then go for the food .	food	neutral
Try the grilled beef with rice like I did .	grilled beef with rice	neutral
It was a solid good dish .	dish	neutral
After 5 or 6 minutes a waitress stopped by to ask if we were eating or just wanted a drink menu .	waitress	neutral
The waitress did n't offer us the specials but it was approximately 8:35 by the time we had a waitress come take our order and that menu is only available until 8:30pm .	waitress	neutral
The waitress did n't offer us the specials but it was approximately 8:35 by the time we had a waitress come take our order and that menu is only available until 8:30pm .	waitress	neutral
We might return and try the specials , but for a restaurant to be called " Waterfalls " and to only have 3/4 of 1 of the three " Waterfalls " at the front entrance working shows that management or the owner has given up .	restaurant	neutral
We tried Asian Star for the first time the other day ... pickup !	Asian	neutral
Very nice on the phone ; quick delivery ; tasty food ; ample portions !	delivery	neutral
Very nice on the phone ; quick delivery ; tasty food ; ample portions !	food	neutral
Very nice on the phone ; quick delivery ; tasty food ; ample portions !	portions	neutral
I loved the egg drop soup and the chicken lo mein ; I was a bit disappointed with the sweet & sour chicken though ... just a matter of preference though	egg drop soup	neutral
I loved the egg drop soup and the chicken lo mein ; I was a bit disappointed with the sweet & sour chicken though ... just a matter of preference though	chicken lo mein	neutral
I loved the egg drop soup and the chicken lo mein ; I was a bit disappointed with the sweet & sour chicken though ... just a matter of preference though	sweet & sour chicken	neutral
( I like the batter to have some crunch , and I felt more veggies would have been nice ) !	batter	neutral
They did not partake in the seafood buffet but rather went for normal " a - la - carte " service .	service	neutral
I saw pictures of their dishes ( both beef entrees ) and it was BEAUTIFUL .	dishes	neutral
I saw pictures of their dishes ( both beef entrees ) and it was BEAUTIFUL .	beef entrees	neutral
The dishes were fairly large and full to the rim .	dishes	neutral
I was pleased to hear that the service was very welcoming , helpful , and friendly .	service	neutral
Without a doubt , my family is definitely going back to this restaurant in the future .	restaurant	neutral
I am excited for when I can visit this place and experience it all for myself .	place	neutral
I will not be going back to the steak house ever	steak house	neutral
The bartender took a quick glance at us and said we 'll be seated in a minute .	bartender	neutral
Two servers walked by and made eye contact with us and did n't acknowledge that we had n't been helped .	servers	neutral
The dishwasher Daniel Keiser really made sure the plates were extra clean only some poop on mine ..	dishwasher	neutral
The dishwasher Daniel Keiser really made sure the plates were extra clean only some poop on mine ..	plates	neutral
Been here 4 times , the steak supreme is solid , the buffalo chicken is my favorite and the wild cat	steak supreme	neutral
Been here 4 times , the steak supreme is solid , the buffalo chicken is my favorite and the wild cat	buffalo chicken	neutral
Been here 4 times , the steak supreme is solid , the buffalo chicken is my favorite and the wild cat	wild cat	neutral
They have an extra charge for credit card which is annoying but overall a good restaurant .	credit	neutral
They have an extra charge for credit card which is annoying but overall a good restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
They were not bad however the stuffing for the masala dosa was not as traditional tasting as I am use to .	masala dosa	neutral
They have a buffet as well .	buffet	neutral
but I did not try the buffet .	buffet	neutral
I would prefer if the stuffing was a bit more traditional and dry .	stuffing	neutral
Fresh juice taste a little odd , but we 're probably just used to store bought stuff .	Fresh	neutral
Fresh juice taste a little odd , but we 're probably just used to store bought stuff .	juice	neutral
There is no better coffee in Charlotte , and I 'm not sure it 's close .	coffee	neutral
Not Just Coffee focuses on pour - over coffee and espresso drinks , however you can get a Mexican Coca - Cola , a Pellegrino and a few other things if you 're looking for something else , or you 're bringing along someone who does n't like coffee .	pour	neutral
Not Just Coffee focuses on pour - over coffee and espresso drinks , however you can get a Mexican Coca - Cola , a Pellegrino and a few other things if you 're looking for something else , or you 're bringing along someone who does n't like coffee .	espresso	neutral
Not Just Coffee focuses on pour - over coffee and espresso drinks , however you can get a Mexican Coca - Cola , a Pellegrino and a few other things if you 're looking for something else , or you 're bringing along someone who does n't like coffee .	Pellegrino	neutral
Pour - over coffee , in case you 're not hip to it , works like this : one serving 's worth of beans is ground and put in a filter , inside a sieve - like ceramic dripper .	Pour	neutral
The beans are bloomed , then 210尊 water is poured slowly over it until the carafe under the apparatus contains enough for one cup .	carafe	neutral
Coffee is their profession .	Coffee	neutral
Those two are the extent of the staff , so you 'll meet one of them .	staff	neutral
I should also mention that the espresso is perfect , and served with a tiny biscotti and shot of Pellegrino .	espresso	neutral
I should also mention that the espresso is perfect , and served with a tiny biscotti and shot of Pellegrino .	biscotti	neutral
Something about the acidity of the coffee and the slight alkalinity of the fizzy water make something I used to just kick back for the caffeine something I take a few seconds and smile about .	coffee	neutral
Something about the acidity of the coffee and the slight alkalinity of the fizzy water make something I used to just kick back for the caffeine something I take a few seconds and smile about .	fizzy water	neutral
I hear the espresso drinks are good as well , though I 've not had any .	espresso drinks	neutral
The atmosphere is interesting , and on the edge of the hood .	atmosphere	neutral
Parking is non - existent .	Parking	neutral
I had their rose / cardamon tea , which was just super especially on a cold rainy day .	rose / cardamon tea	neutral
Their lavander / chocolate brownie tasted somewhat odd , somehow , the 2 tastes did n't seem to blend well .	lavander / chocolate brownie	neutral
Their cookies are 3 for $ 2 . 00 , and very good , as I recall .	cookies	neutral
How to describe this place ?	place	neutral
Good food and healthy portions .	food	neutral
Good food and healthy portions .	portions	neutral
Our bartender / waitress was a little too interested in chatting with the waiters .	bartender	neutral
Our bartender / waitress was a little too interested in chatting with the waiters .	waitress	neutral
I had salad with grilled chicken and it was very good .	salad with	neutral
I had salad with grilled chicken and it was very good .	grilled chicken	neutral
And a very good ( but small ) wine list .	wine list	neutral
Strikes me as a neighborhood place .	place	neutral
And this place is beautiful .	place	neutral
Ca n't comment on their coffee as I 'm not a coffee drinker , but I like their chai and matcha , and the desserts that I 've had here have all been delicious .	chai	neutral
Ca n't comment on their coffee as I 'm not a coffee drinker , but I like their chai and matcha , and the desserts that I 've had here have all been delicious .	matcha	neutral
Ca n't comment on their coffee as I 'm not a coffee drinker , but I like their chai and matcha , and the desserts that I 've had here have all been delicious .	desserts	neutral
Downside is that it is often really crowded , so it 's not a good place to go to if you want a relaxing place to sit and read or something -- I tend to just grab and go unless it happens to be quiet	place	neutral
The only reason for a 2 star is food is good .	food	neutral
Service was so horrible .	Service	neutral
Gave Kelsi so many chances .	Kelsi	neutral
Amazing how the new appetizers came out in 5 minutes .	appetizers	neutral
I refuse to tip for horrible service anymore	service	neutral
This place is super delicious !	place	neutral
It does n't look like much from the outside , but the food is fabulous .	food	neutral
I had the fish tacos , my boyfriend had the steak burrito , and we shared the blonde poutine .	fish tacos	neutral
I had the fish tacos , my boyfriend had the steak burrito , and we shared the blonde poutine .	steak burrito	neutral
I had the fish tacos , my boyfriend had the steak burrito , and we shared the blonde poutine .	blonde poutine	neutral
It is really unique and flavorful food !	food	neutral
There 's American and Mexican food .	American	neutral
There 's American and Mexican food .	Mexican food	neutral
Such a fun place !	place	neutral
I loved the corn cheese and Korean chicken , they have cool drinks too .	corn cheese	neutral
I loved the corn cheese and Korean chicken , they have cool drinks too .	Korean chicken	neutral
I loved the corn cheese and Korean chicken , they have cool drinks too .	drinks	neutral
I had the watermelon soju , it a lot for just one person lol	watermelon soju	neutral
I also LOVED the music playlist .	music playlist	neutral
The food is good , I had the turkey burger and it was a little well done , but not bad .	food	neutral
The food is good , I had the turkey burger and it was a little well done , but not bad .	turkey burger	neutral
Their gumbo is really good ... had a cup of that for my ' side . '	gumbo	neutral
Very friendly service from the hostess to our server .	service	neutral
Very friendly service from the hostess to our server .	hostess	neutral
Very friendly service from the hostess to our server .	server	neutral
99 for basically fruit , toast , and potatoes .	toast	neutral
I was pleasantly suprised though - I was able to get some steel cut oatmeal with brown sugar and granola on top , breakfast potatoes loaded with onions , bell peppers , guac , and salsa as well as a plate - ful of fresh fruit and sourdough toast .	breakfast	neutral
I was pleasantly suprised though - I was able to get some steel cut oatmeal with brown sugar and granola on top , breakfast potatoes loaded with onions , bell peppers , guac , and salsa as well as a plate - ful of fresh fruit and sourdough toast .	sourdough toast	neutral
The wait staff was nice , she brought us our coffee and orange juice , as well as champagne for my friend .	wait staff	neutral
They offer EVERYTHING from breakfast to crab legs to pastries to cookies to pasta to burritos to salads .	breakfast	neutral
They offer EVERYTHING from breakfast to crab legs to pastries to cookies to pasta to burritos to salads .	pastries	neutral
They offer EVERYTHING from breakfast to crab legs to pastries to cookies to pasta to burritos to salads .	burritos	neutral
It 's an overwhelming amount of food .	food	neutral
My cheese enchiladas had non - melted cheese in them .	cheese enchiladas	neutral
This place is sophomoric at best .	place	neutral
I 'm a little biased because I 've been going here since I was a kid and know most of the people that work there by name ( and vice versa ) but I have to say the quality is always good , the dishes are simple but delicious , and MAKE SURE you get the chocolate pate .	dishes	neutral
I 'm a little biased because I 've been going here since I was a kid and know most of the people that work there by name ( and vice versa ) but I have to say the quality is always good , the dishes are simple but delicious , and MAKE SURE you get the chocolate pate .	chocolate pate	neutral
Everything is small portions .	portions	neutral
Server was friendly but we had to constantly ask for our server .	Server	neutral
If you have n't been to Serra Gaucha you are missing out !	Serra Gaucha	neutral
All kinds of meat flavored and cooked by the traditional Churrasco style is what your stomach has been in search for !	meat	neutral
All kinds of meat flavored and cooked by the traditional Churrasco style is what your stomach has been in search for !	Churrasco	neutral
Serra Gaucha Brazilian Steakhouse has something for everyone Beef , Chicken , Lamb , Pork almost every kind of meat you can imagine !	Serra Gaucha	neutral
Serra Gaucha Brazilian Steakhouse has something for everyone Beef , Chicken , Lamb , Pork almost every kind of meat you can imagine !	Beef	neutral
Serra Gaucha Brazilian Steakhouse has something for everyone Beef , Chicken , Lamb , Pork almost every kind of meat you can imagine !	Chicken	neutral
Serra Gaucha Brazilian Steakhouse has something for everyone Beef , Chicken , Lamb , Pork almost every kind of meat you can imagine !	Lamb	neutral
Good size bar , Booths , tables and a large size restaurant able to accommodate your dinner date for 2 or the whole family !	bar	neutral
Good size bar , Booths , tables and a large size restaurant able to accommodate your dinner date for 2 or the whole family !	Booths	neutral
Good size bar , Booths , tables and a large size restaurant able to accommodate your dinner date for 2 or the whole family !	tables	neutral
Good size bar , Booths , tables and a large size restaurant able to accommodate your dinner date for 2 or the whole family !	restaurant	neutral
If you have been to a Brazilian Steakhouse you know about the Service !	Service	neutral
A group effort that is fun and takes Service to a new level !	Service	neutral
Serra Gaucha Brazilian Steakhouse a must stop in Peoria , AZ ~ On The Road Eats Approved !	Serra Gaucha	neutral
Serra Gaucha Brazilian Steakhouse a must stop in Peoria , AZ ~ On The Road Eats Approved !	Brazilian Steakhouse	neutral
Great menu choices , and executed well .	menu	neutral
The cocktails were tasty and exactly what I was looking for but the price point is outrageous .	cocktails	neutral
Regardless , the DJ was playing amazing music and I was with friends	DJ	neutral
Overall , it 's a typical King West vibe - but way overpriced !	vibe	neutral
$ 15 for 4 small meatballs ! ?	meatballs	neutral
The place is awesome , however the staffs ability to give me directions was pathetic .	place	neutral
The place is awesome , however the staffs ability to give me directions was pathetic .	staffs	neutral
( My personal feelings are not super important , but I hate idiots who do no go above and beyond to learn even the smallest aspects of service , including directions : ) hew ! !	service	neutral
Food is great , service was great .	Food	neutral
Food is great , service was great .	service	neutral
Tasty pizza !	pizza	neutral
The thin crust has a flavorful sauce with just enough cheese .	thin crust	neutral
The thin crust has a flavorful sauce with just enough cheese .	sauce	neutral
The crust is actually crusty and not soggy .	crust	neutral
Oh , and they have ice cream ...	ice cream	neutral
Thrifty ice cream !	ice cream	neutral
The server put ice cream in my cone , and then the scoop on top .	server	neutral
That 's a must for any true ice cream lover !	ice cream	neutral
We ordered 7 dishes and were quickly disappointed when one of our deep fried dish was served to us cold and soggy - clearly not freshly made .	dishes	neutral
We ordered 7 dishes and were quickly disappointed when one of our deep fried dish was served to us cold and soggy - clearly not freshly made .	deep fried	neutral
We ordered 7 dishes and were quickly disappointed when one of our deep fried dish was served to us cold and soggy - clearly not freshly made .	dish	neutral
We told the waiter of this and he simply microwaved the dish and served it back to us .	waiter	neutral
We did n't wait for all the dishes we ordered to be served , paid the ones we did eat and got out of there .	dishes	neutral
In addition , I noticed the waiters serving the dishes had their shirt sleeve in the dishes they were serving - can you say extra flavoring free of charge ?	waiters	neutral
I also saw one of the staff dropping a clean table onto the dirty floor , picked it up and set up the next table with the same cloth .	staff	neutral
There were also two other servers , one walking around with a toothpick in her mouth and the other was chewing food while serving customers .	servers	neutral
I really like this place .	place	neutral
The converted home gives it a nice touch , especially if you have a big group and get a whole room to yourselves .	converted home	neutral
They have a pretty extensive drink menu including some tasty microbrews .	drink menu	neutral
They have a pretty extensive drink menu including some tasty microbrews .	microbrews	neutral
My fiance and I had the vegetarian stuffed pepper served over polenta .	vegetarian stuffed pepper	neutral
Coronado Cafe charges a split plate fee , which usually bothers me , but this time it was perfect .	Coronado	neutral
They basically made 2 dishes , there was so much food I could n't possibly eat a whole order and the sauce was amazing .	sauce	neutral
Service was top notch as well .	Service	neutral
but for now , I 'd recommend this place for a nice dinner .	place	neutral
100 's and the 7x Wagyu Ribeye I had here was hands down THE BEST EVER !	Wagyu Ribeye	neutral
Everything was great really , we had the pierogi appetizer along with the octopus and both were delicious .	pierogi appetizer	neutral
Everything was great really , we had the pierogi appetizer along with the octopus and both were delicious .	octopus	neutral
Our server Bill was knowledgeable and fun !	server	neutral
Our server Bill was knowledgeable and fun !	Bill	neutral
Sides were great too , get the twice baked fingerling potatoes .	Sides	neutral
Sides were great too , get the twice baked fingerling potatoes .	twice baked	neutral
Sides were great too , get the twice baked fingerling potatoes .	fingerling potatoes	neutral
Casual ambience with culinary flair .	ambience	neutral
We ordered the Princess Combo for two , and everything was scrumptious , perfectly spiced and balanced .	Princess Combo	neutral
Almost nothing remained of the large platter of salad , shawarmas , kabobs and hummus by the time we pushed away from the table .	salad	neutral
Almost nothing remained of the large platter of salad , shawarmas , kabobs and hummus by the time we pushed away from the table .	shawarmas	neutral
Almost nothing remained of the large platter of salad , shawarmas , kabobs and hummus by the time we pushed away from the table .	kabobs	neutral
Almost nothing remained of the large platter of salad , shawarmas , kabobs and hummus by the time we pushed away from the table .	hummus	neutral
Service was fast and efficient , and the food is well - priced and plentiful .	Service	neutral
Service was fast and efficient , and the food is well - priced and plentiful .	food	neutral
The adjacent market was a great place to walk off some of our dinner while finding hard - to - find Mediterranean / Middle Eastern ingredients for our pantry .	market	neutral
The adjacent market was a great place to walk off some of our dinner while finding hard - to - find Mediterranean / Middle Eastern ingredients for our pantry .	Mediterranean / Middle Eastern	neutral
I honestly liked this better than Lola , both in terms of ambiance , price and quality .	ambiance	neutral
Completely different restaurant , but the same attention to quality and detail and outstanding cocktails .	restaurant	neutral
Completely different restaurant , but the same attention to quality and detail and outstanding cocktails .	cocktails	neutral
Jake and his counterpart were amazing and extremely accommodating !	Jake	neutral
The coffee was fresh and bountiful and the food was top notch !	coffee	neutral
The coffee was fresh and bountiful and the food was top notch !	food	neutral
I devoured the GTO which was eggs over medium ( done perfectly by the way ) spiral cut ham with a side of jalape単os on Texas Toast !	GTO	neutral
I devoured the GTO which was eggs over medium ( done perfectly by the way ) spiral cut ham with a side of jalape単os on Texas Toast !	Texas Toast	neutral
The home fries/ french fries were crisp and not too greasy just the way I like them .	home fries/ french fries	neutral
Absolute best healthy fast food anywhere around .	fast food	neutral
LOVE this place .	place	neutral
They cook in an open kitchen so there are no secrets here , the cleanliness is through and through .	cleanliness	neutral
Food is amazing and always tastes like someone has been slaving for hours .	Food	neutral
I ca n't praise this place enough .	place	neutral
Best Mediterranean food around and the staff is wonderful .	Mediterranean food	neutral
Best Mediterranean food around and the staff is wonderful .	staff	neutral
Their chicken is the absolute best I 've had .	chicken	neutral
Tasty Italian ice and I like the gelatis-- ice	Italian ice	neutral
Tasty Italian ice and I like the gelatis-- ice	gelatis--	neutral
it just might take a little extra time , but they were very polite and the food was great , they were just as busy as these stuck up local steakhouse who acted like they could care less about one customer .	steakhouse	neutral
Thank You to the staff at Flemings for making our evening great even though we could not go out anywhere we will defintely be back Thanks Jason	staff	neutral
Started with hummus and naan bread as an appetizer followed by 3 entrees .	hummus	neutral
Started with hummus and naan bread as an appetizer followed by 3 entrees .	naan bread	neutral
The hummus was yummy along with the naan .	hummus	neutral
The hummus was yummy along with the naan .	naan	neutral
Should mention that the service people had no personality	service people	neutral
Husband ordered the chicken tiki Marsala - which took forever to arrive at the table .	chicken	neutral
My son and I got our chicken dishes but he had to wait another 10 minutes or so for his food .	chicken dishes	neutral
The waiter did not tell us that it would take longer to come out .	waiter	neutral
No mention of spice level was mentioned not was there any indication on the menu that spice level can be altered .	spice	neutral
Had to change dishes with my son since his dish was not as spicy .	dish	neutral
I feel like home here , although there is a lot I ca n't eat , the friendly stuff adjusted the dishes according to my allergies .	dishes	neutral
Fruit is fresh and almond cappuccino is excellent , I always return when I visit Montreal .	Fruit	neutral
Fruit is fresh and almond cappuccino is excellent , I always return when I visit Montreal .	almond cappuccino	neutral
Their pork smells/ tastes awful to me , but their beef is really good !	pork	neutral
Their pork smells/ tastes awful to me , but their beef is really good !	beef	neutral
A bit overpriced considering the limited options available for buffet	buffet	neutral
The service was quite good .	service	neutral
Jasmine was an excellent server , the food was nothing fancy , but good , the atmosphere was what you 'd expect in a downtown restaurant .	food	neutral
Jasmine was an excellent server , the food was nothing fancy , but good , the atmosphere was what you 'd expect in a downtown restaurant .	atmosphere	neutral
I do n't think I 'd make this place a destination , but it was good for what it was - a basic dinner that was part of a night out ( though not the main attraction ) .	place	neutral
It was simply a burger without the meat .	burger	neutral
In addition , I ordered onion rings which were fabulous .	onion rings	neutral
My sister order the combo tray with a burger , double order of chicken nuggets , and a bottled water .	burger	neutral
My sister order the combo tray with a burger , double order of chicken nuggets , and a bottled water .	chicken	neutral
This place is truly for any budget !	place	neutral
Very slow with taking your order and then the wait for the food is even longer .	wait	neutral
And our waiter was very friendly as well !	waiter	neutral
Everything was great except the portions were a bit skimpy .	portions	neutral
This place is such a hidden gem !	place	neutral
The burritos are HUGE - made to order right in front of you .	burritos	neutral
The burgers are also great , high quality ingredients with homemade flavor .	burgers	neutral
And the salsa bar ! ! !	salsa bar	neutral
If you 're looking for a cheap , good meal ...	meal	neutral
you ca n't beat Julia 's .	Julia	neutral
The food is excellent and the portions are generous .	food	neutral
The food is excellent and the portions are generous .	portions	neutral
It is probably one of the best happy hours in the valley with $ 5 glasses of wine and $ 5 smaller plates of appetizers .	glasses	neutral
It is probably one of the best happy hours in the valley with $ 5 glasses of wine and $ 5 smaller plates of appetizers .	wine	neutral
We have eaten here many many times and have always had great service and the food never disappoints ! !	service	neutral
We have eaten here many many times and have always had great service and the food never disappoints ! !	food	neutral
Only if the streets are paved in gold and the tacos are made of magic .	tacos	neutral
I do n't remember succulent shrimp , filet quality meat with blue cheese and Lamb with deep fried sweet potato strips on street tacos ? ? ?	shrimp	neutral
I do n't remember succulent shrimp , filet quality meat with blue cheese and Lamb with deep fried sweet potato strips on street tacos ? ? ?	meat with blue cheese	neutral
I do n't remember succulent shrimp , filet quality meat with blue cheese and Lamb with deep fried sweet potato strips on street tacos ? ? ?	Lamb with	neutral
I do n't remember succulent shrimp , filet quality meat with blue cheese and Lamb with deep fried sweet potato strips on street tacos ? ? ?	sweet potato strips	neutral
I do n't remember succulent shrimp , filet quality meat with blue cheese and Lamb with deep fried sweet potato strips on street tacos ? ? ?	street tacos	neutral
Great place .	place	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
First I have to say I am so grateful for Yelp !	Yelp	neutral
# 1 : Pabellon ( shredded beef , black beans , plantains & Mozz ) .	Pabellon	neutral
I HATE beans and do nt care for plantains ... usually !	plantains	neutral
This arepa changed my mind about both !	arepa	neutral
# 3 La Reina ( Pretty much a yummy chicken salad with peas and avocado )	La Reina	neutral
# 3 La Reina ( Pretty much a yummy chicken salad with peas and avocado )	chicken salad with peas	neutral
# 7 Pollo Asado ( Grilled chicken w/ greens , herbs , avocado etc ) .	Pollo	neutral
The marinade was incredible , the herbs perfect .	marinade	neutral
The marinade was incredible , the herbs perfect .	herbs	neutral
Shredded beef and a bit of plantain ....	beef	neutral
The potatoes were SO creamy	potatoes	neutral
I will say that the potatoes were so creamy we all agreed it deserves a second chance and will try it one more time to see if the salt was a fluke .	potatoes	neutral
Cute set up inside the restaurant with the big tables .	restaurant	neutral
Cute set up inside the restaurant with the big tables .	tables	neutral
Do n't get me wrong , this place is not bad but it really is n't up to par compared to everything else around it .	place	neutral
One star for their interior set up - I had a lot of fun sitting at a big square table that 's shared with different people !	interior	neutral
One star for their interior set up - I had a lot of fun sitting at a big square table that 's shared with different people !	table	neutral
After going through a menu , I see they do have quite a few options for ramen and it was a hard decision because I wanted several of the options listed !	ramen	neutral
First of all , the noodles were n't as hot as it should be - since a big part that makes ramen taste so good	noodles	neutral
First of all , the noodles were n't as hot as it should be - since a big part that makes ramen taste so good	ramen	neutral
Although nothing tasted bad , but their soup base is no where close to the other places I 've tried .	soup base	neutral
But immediately I know that as long as there are other Asian food next door , I do n't want to pay the price I did and come back for mediocore noodles .	noodles	neutral
I did give them a third star because this is the ONLY ramen place in the greater Pittsburgh region .	ramen	neutral
And if you 've NEVER HAD ramen before , this is still a good place to test out just for the ramen experience .	ramen	neutral
And if you 've NEVER HAD ramen before , this is still a good place to test out just for the ramen experience .	place	neutral
And if you 've NEVER HAD ramen before , this is still a good place to test out just for the ramen experience .	ramen	neutral
I love this place !	place	neutral
The food is most awesome no matter what you order .	food	neutral
Burgers , wings , corned beef .	Burgers	neutral
Burgers , wings , corned beef .	wings	neutral
Burgers , wings , corned beef .	corned beef	neutral
Happy hour pricing is unbeatable , and their coolers produce the coldest beer allowed by law .	Happy	neutral
Happy hour pricing is unbeatable , and their coolers produce the coldest beer allowed by law .	coolers	neutral
Happy hour pricing is unbeatable , and their coolers produce the coldest beer allowed by law .	beer	neutral
To top it off , the bartenders are super friendly and attentive .	bartenders	neutral
This place is simple .	place	neutral
Huge portions .	portions	neutral
Delicious Food .	Food	neutral
Tucked in a subtle storefront , Cafe Nervosa is one of my favourites in the Yorkville neighbourhood .	Cafe	neutral
The staff , albeit more on the silent than chatty side , attend to the tables in a respectable manner .	staff	neutral
The inside of the restaurant is quaint , and in the summer time is a great oasis away from the heat .	restaurant	neutral
I always order one of the thin crust pizzas as it was quite lovely .	thin crust pizzas	neutral
The " Prosciutto e Rucola " is my choice with hefty strips of Italian ham ( prosciutto ) , parmesan cheese and topped with crisp arugula .	Prosciutto	neutral
The " Prosciutto e Rucola " is my choice with hefty strips of Italian ham ( prosciutto ) , parmesan cheese and topped with crisp arugula .	Italian ham (	neutral
The pizza comes whole , and you cut the pieces yourself .	pizza	neutral
I 've heard this is the " traditional " way of serving pizza and definitely do n't mind doing some grunt work .	pizza	neutral
The olive oil dressing went wonderfully with the seafood and the chili flakes added that extra heat to make it more than just a normal dish .	olive oil dressing	neutral
The olive oil dressing went wonderfully with the seafood and the chili flakes added that extra heat to make it more than just a normal dish .	chili flakes	neutral
The sangria is really great .	sangria	neutral
A wonderful spot for a date or summer dinner with friends .	spot	neutral
After being seated we were greeted by our friendly server , who explained the menu in depth and told us about Gordon himself .	server	neutral
The Notes From Gordon was flavorful and refreshing , although the note was not hand - written nor personal ; and felt like it had come off of the printing press .	Notes	neutral
The Innis and Gunn beer was delicious as well .	Innis and Gunn beer	neutral
We began to place our dinner order , all of us initially decided to get the pre - fixe ; that is until the waitress mentioned that the Beef Wellington is served medium - rare .	waitress	neutral
She indicated that the chef would not even consider such a request .	chef	neutral
Caesar salad and Lobster Risotto came out right away .	Caesar salad	neutral
Caesar salad and Lobster Risotto came out right away .	Lobster Risotto	neutral
The Caesar was underwhelming at best ; but I did enjoy the touch of vinegar in the dressing .	Caesar	neutral
The Caesar was underwhelming at best ; but I did enjoy the touch of vinegar in the dressing .	dressing	neutral
The risotto was a tiny portion ( think one small scoop of porridge ) ; Lobster was fresh and delicious , and risotto flavorful but sadly luke - warm .	risotto	neutral
The risotto was a tiny portion ( think one small scoop of porridge ) ; Lobster was fresh and delicious , and risotto flavorful but sadly luke - warm .	Lobster	neutral
The risotto was a tiny portion ( think one small scoop of porridge ) ; Lobster was fresh and delicious , and risotto flavorful but sadly luke - warm .	risotto	neutral
By this point we were thinking , how the heck is this place going to survive turning tables after 3 hours from start to finish ?	place	neutral
Dinner arrives finally at which point my friends Filet Mignon came out medium - rare ( what a rude snub ) ; to initially suggest that while the Wellington temperature could not be changed , and to then indicate that steaks could be ordered any way .	Filet Mignon	neutral
Also , before anyone even began to eat , we were still waiting on one of our parties entrees ; in addition to the Filet having to be sent back .	Filet	neutral
My shortrib entree was luke - warm , stringy , overcooked and had absolutely no depth of flavor .	shortrib entree	neutral
The Wellington was the star of the show , as we all had a bite and found it delicious .	Wellington	neutral
About 10 mins later the botched Filet Mignon comes out , now a new thinner cut of meat ( 1/2 the size of the original steak ) ; and low and behold it is also medium rare .	Filet Mignon	neutral
We were completely over this amateur hour blunder ; and the manager that came to our table nor our waitress gave a crap .	manager	neutral
We were completely over this amateur hour blunder ; and the manager that came to our table nor our waitress gave a crap .	waitress	neutral
The Filet they brought back was basically a big F U from the chef ; otherwise it would have been corrected to perfection with a sincere apology .	Filet	neutral
Sticky toffee pudding was excellent , Specaloos cookie butter ice cream not a very good flavor match to the amazing pudding .	Sticky toffee pudding	neutral
Sticky toffee pudding was excellent , Specaloos cookie butter ice cream not a very good flavor match to the amazing pudding .	pudding	neutral
The cookie beneath the ice cream is not in fact a cookie , but a flavorless Bisquick flatbread .	ice cream	neutral
The pudding however was stupendous .	pudding	neutral
We thought that there actually would have been a true Hell 's Kitchen on stage experience .	Hell	neutral
The music in the restaurant was very loud , and had no reflection of Hell 's Kitchen theming .	music	neutral
There needs to be yelling and screaming in the kitchen ; even if it is totally an act on the part of the chefs .	kitchen	neutral
Note to Gordon - Please get your bum into this establishment more often than not !	establishment	neutral
Why not let them leave Hell 's Kitchen feeling like they just got off the TV set themselves .	Hell 's Kitchen	neutral
Gordon , please put yourself in your customers shoes , and let their experiences in this establishment ; leave their jaws on the floor from the excitement and the flavors of the kitchen .	kitchen	neutral
Not sure why but this Portofino 's does not have the same flavor as the other Portofino 's - less sauce on the pie or not enough salt in the dough it is just lacking flavor .	sauce	neutral
The food is fresh and original and there 's never a bad meal .	food	neutral
The food is fresh and original and there 's never a bad meal .	meal	neutral
I REALLY love the dichotomy popcorn ( cheddar and caramel ) .	dichotomy	neutral
I REALLY love the dichotomy popcorn ( cheddar and caramel ) .	popcorn ( cheddar and caramel )	neutral
The service is friendly and fast .	service	neutral
The space is nice .	space	neutral
The popcorn is excellent .	popcorn	neutral
The other items such as cupcakes and chocolate covered items are solid , but I 'm not sure they 're equivalent to Malleys or Sweet Designs .	cupcakes	neutral
The other items such as cupcakes and chocolate covered items are solid , but I 'm not sure they 're equivalent to Malleys or Sweet Designs .	chocolate covered items	neutral
I think the popcorn is fairly priced .	popcorn	neutral
The chocolates , etc . are so - so for me in both taste / quality and price .	chocolates	neutral
I like Campbell 's , but dollar for dollar	Campbell	neutral
I think Campbell 's ( any location ) is a great place to stop for locals and visitors .	Campbell	neutral
I love this place and my favorite is the spinish artichoke chicken bagel .. its to die for along with the strawberry lemonade ..	spinish artichoke chicken bagel	neutral
I love this place and my favorite is the spinish artichoke chicken bagel .. its to die for along with the strawberry lemonade ..	strawberry lemonade	neutral
Free drink every day for 30 days !	drink	neutral
They have great tea , and this morning I had a breakfast sandwich that made my heart and soul happy .	tea	neutral
They have great tea , and this morning I had a breakfast sandwich that made my heart and soul happy .	breakfast sandwich	neutral
Similar ( maybe even same company ) to Paradise , but food seemed better to me .	food	neutral
And , for those of us that drive , the parking is horrible with a very limited parking lot .	parking	neutral
And , for those of us that drive , the parking is horrible with a very limited parking lot .	parking lot	neutral
As for the bagels and coffee , the coffee is hit or miss .	bagels	neutral
As for the bagels and coffee , the coffee is hit or miss .	coffee	neutral
As for the bagels and coffee , the coffee is hit or miss .	coffee	neutral
I most recently enjoyed a Vanilla Latte , which was good , but typically their coffee does n't hit the spot .	Vanilla Latte	neutral
I most recently enjoyed a Vanilla Latte , which was good , but typically their coffee does n't hit the spot .	coffee	neutral
They offer a wide variety of breakfast sandwiches , bagels and drinks , which is nice .	breakfast sandwiches	neutral
They offer a wide variety of breakfast sandwiches , bagels and drinks , which is nice .	bagels	neutral
Their bagels are good , but I am a huge " Everything " fan and they definitely are not top of my list .	bagels	neutral
Bagels can be tough , definitely not a good New York bagel .	Bagels	neutral
This place is busy and crowed a lot of the time and the restaurant had somewhat of a diner feel to it .	place	neutral
This place is busy and crowed a lot of the time and the restaurant had somewhat of a diner feel to it .	restaurant	neutral
I ordered an omelette stuffed with feta , olives and other stuff and they did not skimp with any of the ingredients .	omelette	neutral
The portion of food you receive is good , prices are reasonable for the food .	portion	neutral
The portion of food you receive is good , prices are reasonable for the food .	food	neutral
The portion of food you receive is good , prices are reasonable for the food .	food	neutral
The service was slow , and I found the beverages to be pricy-	service	neutral
The service was slow , and I found the beverages to be pricy-	beverages	neutral
I think my dinky cup of orange juice was about $ 4 !	dinky cup	neutral
I probably wo n't go back here again because I think the service could 've been better , the tight set - up in the restaurant made me a little uncomfortable , and I do n't want to pay $ 4 for a small cup of juice or any other of their overpriced drinks .	service	neutral
I probably wo n't go back here again because I think the service could 've been better , the tight set - up in the restaurant made me a little uncomfortable , and I do n't want to pay $ 4 for a small cup of juice or any other of their overpriced drinks .	drinks	neutral
Our Family and Friends LOVE our Neighborhood Rubio 's .	Rubio 's	neutral
Managers and Staff always recognize us and greet us with a Smile .	Managers	neutral
Managers and Staff always recognize us and greet us with a Smile .	Staff	neutral
We really enjoy the food choices and being able to make anything to our liking .	food	neutral
Food always comes out perfect .	Food	neutral
It is always a great experience at our neighborhood Lake Pleasant Rubio 's .	Rubio 's	neutral
Ordered takeout and noticed a rock in my red curry .	red curry	neutral
I also feel that the rice was the main course and the main course was just a small side .	rice	neutral
I also feel that the rice was the main course and the main course was just a small side .	main course	neutral
Fried swai nicely done with a side of mac and cheese .	Fried swai	neutral
Fried swai nicely done with a side of mac and cheese .	mac and	neutral
Also got the cornbread and will not get that again .	cornbread	neutral
My sis got BBQ ...	BBQ	neutral
the brisket ( beef ) and the 1/2 chicken with collards .	brisket ( beef	neutral
the brisket ( beef ) and the 1/2 chicken with collards .	1/2 chicken with collards	neutral
I tasted the greens and pretty darn good .	greens	neutral
The hot salsa tasted like can , I could taste can , it was canned smooth tomato product that was slightly spiked with something spicy .	hot salsa	neutral
I tried the pico and I am not sure if the chopped tomatoes were frozen because they looked like frozen and thawed .	pico	neutral
I tried the pico and I am not sure if the chopped tomatoes were frozen because they looked like frozen and thawed .	chopped tomatoes	neutral
The tomatoes were also unripe and the seasoning was unpleasant to me .	tomatoes	neutral
The tomatoes were also unripe and the seasoning was unpleasant to me .	seasoning	neutral
I will not fault them for the margarita since I did n't expect the best but the margarita tasted like dry mix .	margarita	neutral
I will not fault them for the margarita since I did n't expect the best but the margarita tasted like dry mix .	margarita	neutral
As I mentioned in my last Yelp I did n't care for the seasoning of the chicken	chicken	neutral
I tried a piece of beef from his platter and it was just dry and tasted like it was just plain dry beef just soaked in jalape単o brine .	beef	neutral
I came her for lunch during Summerlicious , and had an absolutely stellar meal .	meal	neutral
The decor is simple and beautiful , the service friendly and professional , and the food was extremely good .	decor	neutral
The decor is simple and beautiful , the service friendly and professional , and the food was extremely good .	service	neutral
The decor is simple and beautiful , the service friendly and professional , and the food was extremely good .	food	neutral
the smoky tomato gazpacho , chilled poached wild salmon , and citrus custard .	smoky tomato gazpacho	neutral
the smoky tomato gazpacho , chilled poached wild salmon , and citrus custard .	citrus custard	neutral
My boyfriend had the romaine salad , truffle and ricotta lasagna , and the chocolate bread and butter pudding .	romaine salad	neutral
My boyfriend had the romaine salad , truffle and ricotta lasagna , and the chocolate bread and butter pudding .	truffle and ricotta lasagna	neutral
My boyfriend had the romaine salad , truffle and ricotta lasagna , and the chocolate bread and butter pudding .	chocolate bread and butter	neutral
Everything had a pretty , clean presentation , and a truly memorable taste .	presentation	neutral
My favourite dishes were my salmon , boyfriend 's lasagna ( we mutually agreed that it was the best lasagna we 'd ever tasted ) , and the phenomenal bread and butter pudding .	salmon	neutral
My favourite dishes were my salmon , boyfriend 's lasagna ( we mutually agreed that it was the best lasagna we 'd ever tasted ) , and the phenomenal bread and butter pudding .	lasagna	neutral
My favourite dishes were my salmon , boyfriend 's lasagna ( we mutually agreed that it was the best lasagna we 'd ever tasted ) , and the phenomenal bread and butter pudding .	bread and butter pudding	neutral
Do n't hesitate , try this place !	place	neutral
Wendy 's has been my fav fast food restaurant since I was a kid .	Wendy	neutral
but I know what Wendy 's should taste like .	Wendy	neutral
The fries and the meat are consistently overcooked and taste as if they 've been sitting for long stints .	fries	neutral
The fries and the meat are consistently overcooked and taste as if they 've been sitting for long stints .	meat	neutral
but I do expect quality and consistency when I pay a restaurant for food and have been a loyal customer for years .	food	neutral
The place is n't have bad .	place	neutral
I got a sweet and sour lunch combo , and it came out fine .	sweet and sour lunch combo	neutral
Their menus pretty thurough , and prices are really fair .	menus	neutral
Its chinese food , and if your in the area , it should get you where you need to go .	chinese	neutral
Place is clean , staff is friendly .	Place	neutral
Place is clean , staff is friendly .	staff	neutral
The place is clean .	place	neutral
Costumer service was fine .	Costumer service	neutral
But my food was insipid , I got a chicken torta , it was too small and the fries that come with it had not flavor as well .	food	neutral
But my food was insipid , I got a chicken torta , it was too small and the fries that come with it had not flavor as well .	chicken torta	neutral
But my food was insipid , I got a chicken torta , it was too small and the fries that come with it had not flavor as well .	fries	neutral
This is a must visit for anyone coming to town and is a local Cleveland favorite for delicious Corned Beef !	Corned Beef	neutral
Corned beef is delicious and lean and they have a great beer selection .	Corned beef	neutral
Corned beef is delicious and lean and they have a great beer selection .	beer selection	neutral
This place is excellent .	place	neutral
The Birria and the Steak Ranchero Guisado	Birria	neutral
The Birria and the Steak Ranchero Guisado	Steak Ranchero Guisado	neutral
Hand made tortillas to boot .	tortillas	neutral
In top of that , great service .	service	neutral
Gustavo took outstanding care of us .	Gustavo	neutral
We will definitely be back because of him and the food .	food	neutral
Thanks Gustavo !	Gustavo	neutral
The traffic can get quite busy at various times throughout the day but the staff ensures that no customer waits too long in line to order or to wait for their drink to be made , not to mention they 're all very nice !	staff	neutral
but my top favorite has to be their taro slush with boba and the fresh taro on top ; Delicious ! !	taro slush with boba	neutral
but my top favorite has to be their taro slush with boba and the fresh taro on top ; Delicious ! !	taro	neutral
But any drink I order at	drink	neutral
Brew Tea never disappoints .	Brew Tea	neutral
Even if it does disappoint , the staff is very open to making sure any adjustments are made to make it suitable for your taste buds .	staff	neutral
The venue is very versatile , as I 've studied there , hung out with groups of friends there , and got drinks quickly on - the - go .	venue	neutral
Overall , my experiences at Brew Tea have never been negative so I look forward to returning for more delicious treats .	Brew Tea	neutral
Very unimpressed with this buffet .	buffet	neutral
There were numerous meat dishes but not much else .	meat dishes	neutral
But of the prime rib , beef steak , lamb chops , and crab legs , only the lamb chops were edible .	prime rib	neutral
But of the prime rib , beef steak , lamb chops , and crab legs , only the lamb chops were edible .	beef steak	neutral
But of the prime rib , beef steak , lamb chops , and crab legs , only the lamb chops were edible .	lamb chops	neutral
But of the prime rib , beef steak , lamb chops , and crab legs , only the lamb chops were edible .	crab legs	neutral
But of the prime rib , beef steak , lamb chops , and crab legs , only the lamb chops were edible .	lamb	neutral
I never leave meat unfinished , but I could n't bring myself to finish the rubbery rib and completely bland steak .	steak	neutral
The crab legs felt like they had been laying in the freezer for weeks .	crab legs	neutral
Fresh king crab legs were the major selling point for even coming to this buffet , and this was a major disappointment .	Fresh	neutral
Fresh king crab legs were the major selling point for even coming to this buffet , and this was a major disappointment .	king crab legs	neutral
As for the desserts , the raspberry mousse was bitter and lacked any sweetness .	desserts	neutral
As for the desserts , the raspberry mousse was bitter and lacked any sweetness .	raspberry mousse	neutral
The cheesecake was lacking , and I could have bought better at Albertson 's .	cheesecake	neutral
The nutella pancake was actually decent .	nutella pancake	neutral
As were the breakfast potatoes and hash brown .	breakfast potatoes	neutral
As were the breakfast potatoes and hash brown .	hash	neutral
The one major upside to the brunch was the delicious bloody mary 's included .	bloody mary 's	neutral
Overall we were very disappointed with our overall experience at this buffet .	buffet	neutral
There are $ 13 buffets that are far more satisfying than this one .	buffets	neutral
Would never recommend this place to a friend .	place	neutral
Maybe the high volume of customers for Mother 's Day led to the subpar quality of food , but this did not meet any of our expectations whatsoever .	food	neutral
Do try the wings and the gravy fries .	wings	neutral
Do try the wings and the gravy fries .	gravy fries	neutral
Duck skin pasta not worth the try .	Duck skin pasta	neutral
Overall , I thought this place was a bit overrated .	place	neutral
I ordered their special corned beef and was WOW - ed away by it .	corned beef	neutral
I came back to Greenhouse Tavern last week , excited ( despite the price ! ) .	Greenhouse	neutral
First , first a very small plate that i finished in 3 bites , it was $ 12 .	plate	neutral
CONs- too salty , too little duck skin , TOO LITTLE FOOD .	duck skin	neutral
CONs- too salty , too little duck skin , TOO LITTLE FOOD .	FOOD	neutral
All my friends ordered their wings because it was the most " worth your money " food on the menu .	wings	neutral
The wings is a must try though ... the meat falls right over the chicken bones and it is soo tender !	wings	neutral
The wings is a must try though ... the meat falls right over the chicken bones and it is soo tender !	meat	neutral
Then , I also tried my friends gravy fries and the gravy was delicious but verrrrrryyy spicy .	gravy fries	neutral
Then , I also tried my friends gravy fries and the gravy was delicious but verrrrrryyy spicy .	gravy	neutral
lots of fries , right amount of gravy , tasteful gravy .	fries	neutral
lots of fries , right amount of gravy , tasteful gravy .	gravy	neutral
lots of fries , right amount of gravy , tasteful gravy .	gravy	neutral
Overall , food is a hit or miss .	food	neutral
And you better be prepared to drink ALOT of water to overcome the saltiness of their food !	food	neutral
This food is absolutely amazing !	food	neutral
If you enjoy this type of cuisine you will not be disappointed .	cuisine	neutral
You get more than enough food for a great price and the staff is very kind and helpful .	food	neutral
You get more than enough food for a great price and the staff is very kind and helpful .	staff	neutral
It was nt a long wait	wait	neutral
but oh yeah there were plenty of people deciding what to get and watching in awe how they expertly roll these beautiful sushi burritos .	sushi burritos	neutral
The place was very clean .. small square tables make up the dinning area .	place	neutral
2 twin dragons full and 3 amigos .. with seawood and reg white sushi rice ( other options are available ) .	seawood	neutral
2 twin dragons full and 3 amigos .. with seawood and reg white sushi rice ( other options are available ) .	reg white sushi rice	neutral
My order was quite expensive but not unreasonable considering its sushi ( fish , seafood ) .	sushi	neutral
My order was quite expensive but not unreasonable considering its sushi ( fish , seafood ) .	fish	neutral
My order was quite expensive but not unreasonable considering its sushi ( fish , seafood ) .	seafood	neutral
They have a salad bar which consist of .	salad bar	neutral
All sushi fixings;ginger , wasabi , soy sauce etc .	wasabi	neutral
The full size burritos are not huge but its enough for an adult .	full size burritos	neutral
the seaweed wrap held up .	seaweed wrap	neutral
Great experience , great food , happy atmosphere but a bit pricey .	food	neutral
Great experience , great food , happy atmosphere but a bit pricey .	atmosphere	neutral
Ambiance and location were great but the linguine I had was a bit oily .	Ambiance	neutral
Ambiance and location were great but the linguine I had was a bit oily .	location	neutral
Ambiance and location were great but the linguine I had was a bit oily .	linguine	neutral
Not that I was in any way wanting to pay more , but the rooms were well worth whatever the normal going rate was at the time .	rooms	neutral
I thought it was a nice touch and showed their genuine interest in Guest Services , even though they knew upon checkin that I was a fellow Starwood employee .	Guest Services	neutral
On my last stay there , which was ironically the last day that they were being run by Starwood , the guy at the front desk was very friendly and helpful and I 'm not sure if he did this because we had a good short conversation , but he gave me a suite .	guy	neutral
On my last stay there , which was ironically the last day that they were being run by Starwood , the guy at the front desk was very friendly and helpful and I 'm not sure if he did this because we had a good short conversation , but he gave me a suite .	front	neutral
It was beautiful ( just like their other rooms ) with it 's own living room and private patios .	living room	neutral
It was beautiful ( just like their other rooms ) with it 's own living room and private patios .	private patios	neutral
One , was a pretty standard room with a king bed , wet bar , and private patio .	king bed	neutral
One , was a pretty standard room with a king bed , wet bar , and private patio .	wet bar	neutral
One , was a pretty standard room with a king bed , wet bar , and private patio .	private patio	neutral
The third was a suite with its own living room and bedroom and huge bathroom .	bedroom	neutral
The third was a suite with its own living room and bedroom and huge bathroom .	bathroom	neutral
Also , the property itself is gorgeous !	property	neutral
The landscaping is well taken care of and being that it 's one of the oldest hotels in Arizona , there 's a lot of history there .	landscaping	neutral
So I 'd say 4 . 5 is more accurate , but overall great food , great atmosphere , and great service	food	neutral
So I 'd say 4 . 5 is more accurate , but overall great food , great atmosphere , and great service	atmosphere	neutral
So I 'd say 4 . 5 is more accurate , but overall great food , great atmosphere , and great service	service	neutral
Very trendy and hip kind of place .	place	neutral
Best dish was the cod with the croquettes a close 2nd	dish	neutral
Best dish was the cod with the croquettes a close 2nd	cod	neutral
This has nothing to do with the cheese but the service .	service	neutral
After finding the fried cheese curds , I found a cheese shop across the street .	fried cheese curds	neutral
I come in , the store looks very nice .	store	neutral
We were there last night and the food , service and ambience was fabulous !	food	neutral
We were there last night and the food , service and ambience was fabulous !	service	neutral
We were there last night and the food , service and ambience was fabulous !	ambience	neutral
Great customer service and the hook and ladder is a great sandwich .	customer service	neutral
Great customer service and the hook and ladder is a great sandwich .	hook and ladder	neutral
Great customer service and the hook and ladder is a great sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
Everyone was very pleasant and Andy was nice and picked up my tray for me .	Andy	neutral
The menu was mostly of bbq staples with a few southern extras thrown on .	menu	neutral
First of all , the guys getting the lunch special at the next table seemed to have more food than I.	lunch special	neutral
The rib tips themselves were okay in flavor but seemed extra bony and fatty compared to other places .	rib tips	neutral
The beans were okay but nothing special .	beans	neutral
The sauce comes as regular or spicy .	sauce	neutral
My friend ordered the brisket and that seemed to be a lot better portion , not sure on the flavor .	brisket	neutral
Favorite brisket banh mi ! !	brisket banh mi	neutral
Wonderful Thai tea and BBC fries !	Thai tea	neutral
The sauce is to die for .	sauce	neutral
Quick service and a good tasting burger is great , but if you ca n't get the burger how you want it - what 's the point ?	service	neutral
Quick service and a good tasting burger is great , but if you ca n't get the burger how you want it - what 's the point ?	burger	neutral
So if you are a foodie or want to enjoy a hot appetizer and a hot entree - you are out of luck .	appetizer	neutral
My favorite burger is a burger with mushrooms & cheese - so a burger with mushrooms , sliced onions and cheese would be perfect , except I ca n't have soft cheeses ( the blue cheese ) that came on the burger .	burger	neutral
My favorite burger is a burger with mushrooms & cheese - so a burger with mushrooms , sliced onions and cheese would be perfect , except I ca n't have soft cheeses ( the blue cheese ) that came on the burger .	burger	neutral
I was not trying to be picky but soft cheeses are strictly forbidden .	cheeses	neutral
I would never go back to such an inflexible establishment .	establishment	neutral
The menu is simple so substituting a few ingredients should n't make that much time in terms of service	menu	neutral
The menu is simple so substituting a few ingredients should n't make that much time in terms of service	service	neutral
Every time I have been here , about 5 or 6 times within the last couple years the service and food has been horrible .	service	neutral
Every time I have been here , about 5 or 6 times within the last couple years the service and food has been horrible .	food	neutral
Every time , the wait is long and the food is constantly cold .	wait	neutral
Every time , the wait is long and the food is constantly cold .	food	neutral
so I get warm and fast service .	service	neutral
The manager needs to make some changes ......	manager	neutral
Their beef yakisoba is basically Panda Express chow mein , and their spicy chicken is n't spicy .	beef yakisoba	neutral
Their beef yakisoba is basically Panda Express chow mein , and their spicy chicken is n't spicy .	spicy chicken	neutral
I asked the cashier behind the counter what their yakisoba sauce was made of , and she responded with , " It 's a yakisoba sauce .	yakisoba sauce	neutral
Great bbq and very decently priced .	bbq	neutral
Call ahead to make sure ribs are cooked , or order online to skip the line .	ribs	neutral
Mac and cheese was some of the best i ve ever had .	Mac and cheese	neutral
At the grill , I got the octopus which is one of the best I 've ever head , around the world .	octopus	neutral
For main course , I got the halibut that was also very delicious .	halibut	neutral
My friend got the lamb which I tried that was also good	lamb	neutral
For dessert , I tried the famous coconut cream pie and it really was spectacular .	coconut cream pie	neutral
but when I heard that the dish is literally only a few pieces of meat , I decided not to ( I wish they brought some cheese or something else with it , then I would have definitely ordered it ) .	dish	neutral
Pappardelle specifically was super delicious !	Pappardelle	neutral
We got the honey & milk dessert that was for me too sugary .	honey & milk dessert	neutral
Overall , great food	food	neutral
but you need to pick the right dishes .	dishes	neutral
Good service and cool ambience !	service	neutral
Good service and cool ambience !	ambience	neutral
I tried to get somebody 's attention but the staff was too busy to stop !	staff	neutral
I was extra observant as we left and noticed that the areas under the cooking surfaces were disgusting !	cooking surfaces	neutral
I have never said I would not return to a place until today !	place	neutral
I never would have written a review about an overworked staff ,	staff	neutral
The food was good , but I ca nt help but wonder how much of the flavor was added by roach droppings !	food	neutral
I 'll pass on this place from now on !	place	neutral
I was very excited to try a new place out in Southside	place	neutral
We started off with 2 orders of the spinach and artichoke dip served with warm bread which was delicious .	spinach and artichoke dip	neutral
We started off with 2 orders of the spinach and artichoke dip served with warm bread which was delicious .	bread	neutral
The dish looked beautiful and tasted just as good .	dish	neutral
Others in my party ordered the salmon and eggplant entrees which all got rave reviews .	salmon	neutral
Others in my party ordered the salmon and eggplant entrees which all got rave reviews .	eggplant entrees	neutral
If you order the chicken you get enough to serve an entire family !	chicken	neutral
The staff was very nice	staff	neutral
but it was a little slow service .	service	neutral
My only other complaint is the kitchen is in the main room as the seating area and it got so smoky instead while they were cooking .	kitchen	neutral
Overall we had a nice meal and enjoyed numerous bottles of wine !	meal	neutral
Overall we had a nice meal and enjoyed numerous bottles of wine !	bottles of wine	neutral
Lightning fast " strip - mall " style Chinese food .	Chinese food	neutral
It 's a great spot to stop by after work and pick up a quick take - out meal for the family , but I would n't expect too much by the way of " cuisine " .	cuisine	neutral
Had the beef with broccoli , kung pao chicken , and sweet and sour chicken recently .	beef with broccoli	neutral
Had the beef with broccoli , kung pao chicken , and sweet and sour chicken recently .	kung pao chicken	neutral
Had the beef with broccoli , kung pao chicken , and sweet and sour chicken recently .	sweet and sour chicken	neutral
All of which were made from picky - eater friendly ingredients , and were a hit with the kids .	ingredients	neutral
I do like the fact that the staff is all Chinese and a few words spoken from the customers in Mandarin seem to go over well .	staff	neutral
Overall it 's nothing special , but a decent value for a mid - week take home meal .	meal	neutral
Place was clean .	Place	neutral
Beers were insanely cold	Beers	neutral
( blue moon was a little frozen ! ! ! ) .	blue moon	neutral
Service was pretty fast .	Service	neutral
Friendly crowd there for the fights ...	crowd	neutral
Went back the next day to have a beer and do my fantasy draft on there wifi , great service again , nobody had a problem with my laptop and excellent hi - speed connection ( code " wings83rocks ! " ) .	service	neutral
Went back the next day to have a beer and do my fantasy draft on there wifi , great service again , nobody had a problem with my laptop and excellent hi - speed connection ( code " wings83rocks ! " ) .	connection	neutral
Nice mist covered outdoor seating .	mist	neutral
Nice mist covered outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	neutral
stay away from this place ! ! ! !	place	neutral
service is super slow ! ! ! !	service	neutral
place is old and dirty ! ! !	place	neutral
she as completely out of place , food was cold ! ! !	food	neutral
horrible place ! ! ! !	place	neutral
Awesome service !	service	neutral
Manager offered us free desert .	Manager	neutral
The beef noodle soup was delicious , chicken wings are great .	beef noodle soup	neutral
The beef noodle soup was delicious , chicken wings are great .	chicken wings	neutral
Really delicious food and awesome service .	food	neutral
Really delicious food and awesome service .	service	neutral
I got seated in the pope room which was super cool	pope room	neutral
The Diablo pasta is definitely worth a try .	Diablo pasta	neutral
La d辿coration est agr辿able et invit辿 au voyage !	d辿coration	neutral
Le service n'est pas terrible , mais il faut quand m棚me relever qu'un seul jeune homme doit	service	neutral
le restaurant !	restaurant	neutral
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place .	place	neutral
It is not easy to find authentic Shanghai soup dumplings ( xiaolongbao ) that are n't too thick / doughy / stuck together and Everyday Noodles hits the mark .	Shanghai soup dumplings	neutral
I was a little less impressed with some of the other menu offerings : seaweed was n't good , the boba milk tea tasted off ( both the milk and the tea were off ) and the soup I tried was not memorable .	seaweed	neutral
I was a little less impressed with some of the other menu offerings : seaweed was n't good , the boba milk tea tasted off ( both the milk and the tea were off ) and the soup I tried was not memorable .	boba milk tea	neutral
I was a little less impressed with some of the other menu offerings : seaweed was n't good , the boba milk tea tasted off ( both the milk and the tea were off ) and the soup I tried was not memorable .	milk	neutral
I was a little less impressed with some of the other menu offerings : seaweed was n't good , the boba milk tea tasted off ( both the milk and the tea were off ) and the soup I tried was not memorable .	tea	neutral
I was a little less impressed with some of the other menu offerings : seaweed was n't good , the boba milk tea tasted off ( both the milk and the tea were off ) and the soup I tried was not memorable .	soup	neutral
But that is easily forgiven - if you come here for the soup dumplings you will not be disappointed !	soup dumplings	neutral
This was a great , quaint spot for breakfast !	spot	neutral
The food was good with big portions .	food	neutral
The food was good with big portions .	portions	neutral
Service was quick and prices fantastic .	Service	neutral
Found the half size ( 6 inch ) to be very filling for the size .	half size	neutral
Also , they toast the sandwiches ( or you can have cold ) and I found it very tasty .	sandwiches	neutral
Love their specialty coffee cherry tea !	specialty coffee cherry tea	neutral
Awesome place to rest some work done and enjoy a chill atmosphere .	place	neutral
Awesome place to rest some work done and enjoy a chill atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Do n't have this place be your last choice when it comes to getting food .	place	neutral
Do n't have this place be your last choice when it comes to getting food .	food	neutral
Then this girl came out of no where pushes me and turns around and laughs at me .	girl	neutral
They were either trying to rob us or the older gentleman was the pimp to the girl .	gentleman	neutral
but I somehow stumbled upon this Jack Astors in Whitby and had such a wonderful experience that I promised myself I would yelp about it !	Jack Astors	neutral
What an incredible atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
I especially liked the layout of this specific location with their heavy emphasis on booths .	booths	neutral
I also got Jacks	Jacks	neutral
famous chicken fingers ( Buffalo sauce of course ) and	chicken fingers	neutral
Simple dish but a classic that always hits the spot .	dish	neutral
Overall , the food , service and atmosphere were great and completely blew past my expectations .	food	neutral
Overall , the food , service and atmosphere were great and completely blew past my expectations .	service	neutral
Overall , the food , service and atmosphere were great and completely blew past my expectations .	atmosphere	neutral
The sandwiches here are massive .	sandwiches	neutral
Whatever you order winds up between two pieces of bread which seems both wrong and logical .	bread	neutral
Regardless it is a mighty fine sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
I had a breakfast dish and loved it .	breakfast dish	neutral
Another time I had a salad and it was spinach and dressing .	salad	neutral
The menu has a good selection of both vegetarian and vegan dishes and the specials change daily .	menu	neutral
The menu has a good selection of both vegetarian and vegan dishes and the specials change daily .	vegetarian	neutral
The only issue I have had is with service .	service	neutral
On a particularly crowded Sunday I asked twice for a coffee refill and the waiter never filled my cup , or even checked in after our food came out .	waiter	neutral
Despite the poor service , I returned , and have n't had any problems since .	service	neutral
Okay steak .	steak	neutral
Fabulous lobster bisque .	lobster bisque	neutral
Awful air freshener .	air freshener	neutral
I 've also tried the Oreo and other milk teas but the taro slush is my favorite .	Oreo	neutral
I 've also tried the Oreo and other milk teas but the taro slush is my favorite .	milk teas	neutral
I 've also tried the Oreo and other milk teas but the taro slush is my favorite .	taro slush	neutral
They have a wide variety types of drinks such as classic ; punch ; milk ; wow milk ; yogurt ; espresso ; milk cap ; slush and special .	drinks	neutral
They have a wide variety types of drinks such as classic ; punch ; milk ; wow milk ; yogurt ; espresso ; milk cap ; slush and special .	classic	neutral
They have a wide variety types of drinks such as classic ; punch ; milk ; wow milk ; yogurt ; espresso ; milk cap ; slush and special .	punch	neutral
They have a wide variety types of drinks such as classic ; punch ; milk ; wow milk ; yogurt ; espresso ; milk cap ; slush and special .	milk	neutral
They have a wide variety types of drinks such as classic ; punch ; milk ; wow milk ; yogurt ; espresso ; milk cap ; slush and special .	yogurt	neutral
They have a wide variety types of drinks such as classic ; punch ; milk ; wow milk ; yogurt ; espresso ; milk cap ; slush and special .	espresso	neutral
They have a wide variety types of drinks such as classic ; punch ; milk ; wow milk ; yogurt ; espresso ; milk cap ; slush and special .	milk cap	neutral
Overall , in my opinion this is the best boba place in Las Vegas	boba	neutral
I had been wanting to try Urban Vine since they had taken over the old Coronado Cafe which had a great ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance is just as comforting as the old Coronado Cafe , but with a much more interesting menu .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance is just as comforting as the old Coronado Cafe , but with a much more interesting menu .	menu	neutral
We started off with drinks , I had the Monte Vista which was a fruity vodka cocktail , a little on the sweet side for me , but	Monte Vista	neutral
still a great warm weather cocktail and my friend had the Pinot Noir .	cocktail	neutral
still a great warm weather cocktail and my friend had the Pinot Noir .	Pinot Noir	neutral
the arugula salad , warm dates and crab cakes .	arugula salad	neutral
the arugula salad , warm dates and crab cakes .	crab cakes	neutral
The portion sizes were very large , we could have gotten away with two dishes easily ( if you 're a lighter eater ) .	portion sizes	neutral
Everything was delicious , the salad was a fresh combo of thinly sliced cucumbers , beets , goat cheese , bacon and was perfectly dressed .	salad	neutral
Everything was delicious , the salad was a fresh combo of thinly sliced cucumbers , beets , goat cheese , bacon and was perfectly dressed .	cucumbers	neutral
The dates were a sweet and savory combo with a little bit of spice .	dates	neutral
The crab cakes were nicely done not too heavy on the breading and had a wonderful Meyer lemon sauce .	crab cakes	neutral
The crab cakes were nicely done not too heavy on the breading and had a wonderful Meyer lemon sauce .	Meyer lemon sauce	neutral
Service was on point and friendly too .	Service	neutral
I tried the sushi mountain in Ajax about two years ago and was sorely disappointed .	sushi	neutral
But I figured , different location , perhaps a different experience .	location	neutral
The place is very small , probably can only hold 20 people or so and was mostly empty when we arrived .	place	neutral
* sigh * rolls are supposed to fit into your mouth in one go .	rolls	neutral
The green dragon roll is GIGANTIC .	green dragon roll	neutral
I had to eat it in two bites and that does n't really work so well with sushi rolls .	sushi	neutral
The spicy salmon roll was basically chopped salmon inside a roll .	spicy salmon roll	neutral
Cheese wontons were okay , but a weird shape and odd to eat .	Cheese wontons	neutral
Springrolls are hard to screw up , but man ... do NOT order the beef short ribs .	Springrolls	neutral
Springrolls are hard to screw up , but man ... do NOT order the beef short ribs .	beef short ribs	neutral
When I looked at the other beef short ribs , they were all the same .	beef short ribs	neutral
Do n't serve " beef " short ribs when they 're primarily 80 - 90 % FAT .	short ribs	neutral
The rest of the meal was uneventful and boring .	meal	neutral
The prices were good but the sushi was not .	sushi	neutral
I 'd take your business just south by the highway to Tatemono where you 'll get better quality food and rolls you can actually fit into your mouth .	food	neutral
I 'd take your business just south by the highway to Tatemono where you 'll get better quality food and rolls you can actually fit into your mouth .	rolls	neutral
Sorry , Sushi Mountain - avoid like the plague if you want decent sushi .	sushi	neutral
Groupon had 14 inch deep dish , 2 salads , and 2 cannolis for a great price .	deep dish	neutral
Groupon had 14 inch deep dish , 2 salads , and 2 cannolis for a great price .	salads	neutral
Groupon had 14 inch deep dish , 2 salads , and 2 cannolis for a great price .	cannolis	neutral
Never had deep dish Chicago pizza .	deep	neutral
Never had deep dish Chicago pizza .	Chicago pizza	neutral
The salads were ok .	salads	neutral
Will try the cannoli later : ) .	cannoli	neutral
Really great service service by Tina .	service	neutral
Really great service service by Tina .	service	neutral
Really great service service by Tina .	Tina	neutral
This place screams OLD VEGAS .	place	neutral
The room smelled and did n't even have a closet ( just a pole to hang your clothes on ) .	room	neutral
The furniture was old , and the room needed new carpets and paint .	furniture	neutral
The furniture was old , and the room needed new carpets and paint .	room	neutral
It 's definitely not a place you would want to hang out in .	place	neutral
Old Vegas feel throughout-- Old damaged furniture , terrible smell of cigarettes and marijuana , old paint	furniture	neutral
Old Vegas feel throughout-- Old damaged furniture , terrible smell of cigarettes and marijuana , old paint	smell	neutral
Old Vegas feel throughout-- Old damaged furniture , terrible smell of cigarettes and marijuana , old paint	paint	neutral
How can I give it 5 stars without having tried any of the food ?	food	neutral
The drinks were THAT good .	drinks	neutral
First of all , they have a selection of over 150 beers , all brewed in Wisconsin , with 52 of them on tap .	beers	neutral
The bartender was quite knowledgeable about all the beers and she also took pride in the fact that the restaurant helped establish several start - up breweries in Wisconsin and put their names on the map .	bartender	neutral
Their namesake drink , the old fashioned , also does not disappoint !	drink	neutral
Their namesake drink , the old fashioned , also does not disappoint !	old fashioned	neutral
I tried the applejack old fashioned which tasted either like a grown - up kiddie cocktail or a brandy version of sangria .	applejack old fashioned	neutral
It is the " muddling " that makes them so good , which is basically mashing sugar , bitters , cherries , and oranges in the bottom of the glass .	bitters	neutral
Ca n't wait to come back and try the beer - battered cheese curds .	beer - battered	neutral
Ca n't wait to come back and try the beer - battered cheese curds .	cheese curds	neutral
Also saw something about a fried hot dog with mole sauce .....	fried	neutral
Also saw something about a fried hot dog with mole sauce .....	mole sauce	neutral
All Hail the " Cronut " .	Cronut	neutral
This love child of a croissant , donut , and eclair is amazing .	croissant	neutral
The lady behind the counter was extremely nice and helpful always a good sign from a local bakery and much appreciated .	lady	neutral
They had a ton of stuff from cakes , muffins , bread , etc .	cakes	neutral
They had a ton of stuff from cakes , muffins , bread , etc .	muffins	neutral
They had a ton of stuff from cakes , muffins , bread , etc .	bread	neutral
Great place I 'll have to make another trek up there .	place	neutral
- French Donuts ( Cronut )	French Donuts	neutral
I was n't expecting much , and it is a good thing I was n't . for the highlights , spam fried rice was really tasty .	spam	neutral
I was n't expecting much , and it is a good thing I was n't . for the highlights , spam fried rice was really tasty .	fried rice	neutral
the chicken long rice was n't too shabby .	chicken long rice	neutral
the roast pig was a big disappointment .	roast pig	neutral
the poke was good .	poke	neutral
I definitely got my money 's worth in poke alone .	poke	neutral
kalua cabbage and huli huli chicken were on the ok side .	kalua cabbage	neutral
kalua cabbage and huli huli chicken were on the ok side .	huli huli chicken	neutral
the won tons in the won ton soup were actaully quite good .	won tons	neutral
the won tons in the won ton soup were actaully quite good .	won ton soup	neutral
if fiesta rancho was n't so far away i would go again .	fiesta rancho	neutral
but the $ 13 price is worth it for the poke alone .	poke	neutral
Pad thai was mediocre to say the least - had no tofu , the noodles tasted of shrimp ( never tasted that before ) and it was spicy after i specifically said " no spice " .	Pad thai	neutral
Pad thai was mediocre to say the least - had no tofu , the noodles tasted of shrimp ( never tasted that before ) and it was spicy after i specifically said " no spice " .	noodles	neutral
Service was below an " eh " but above " awful " .	Service	neutral
Not the worst thai place	thai place	neutral
Stars for amazing ambience .	ambience	neutral
We sat on patio and the fountains were A - maz - ing !	fountains	neutral
I expected alot more from the service .	service	neutral
Service was painfully slow but was ok because we got to watch more of the show .	Service	neutral
Food was good but not great .	Food	neutral
Filet was tender and cooked perfectly but not alot of flavor .	Filet	neutral
I just expected outstanding service for that price and was disappointed .	service	neutral
Definitely not a take out friendly establishment .	establishment	neutral
When I got there I pretty much felt like a nuisance during my attempt to order at the bar .	bar	neutral
It took a minimum of 10 minutes to be acknowledged & another 10 for a server or bartender to ring in my food .	server	neutral
I 'm sure the dining experience is much better	dining	neutral
I 've had the pesto chicken pizza , the mahi mahi is amazing , the cilantro hummus is delicious .	pesto chicken pizza	neutral
I 've had the pesto chicken pizza , the mahi mahi is amazing , the cilantro hummus is delicious .	mahi mahi	neutral
I 've had the pesto chicken pizza , the mahi mahi is amazing , the cilantro hummus is delicious .	cilantro hummus	neutral
Service is always great .	Service	neutral
Their lemonade is refreshing and yummy .	lemonade	neutral
Ok , I 'll start by saying to be fair , the two staff members I interacted with were perfectly nice and helpful and the main " dining area " was clean , but god damn the food is soooooo gross , and it 's very expensive considering how gross it is- over $ 3 for a crappy cheeseburger that 's more sauce than burger and over $ 4 for the most disgusting chili cheese fries I 've ever had .	staff	neutral
Ok , I 'll start by saying to be fair , the two staff members I interacted with were perfectly nice and helpful and the main " dining area " was clean , but god damn the food is soooooo gross , and it 's very expensive considering how gross it is- over $ 3 for a crappy cheeseburger that 's more sauce than burger and over $ 4 for the most disgusting chili cheese fries I 've ever had .	main	neutral
Ok , I 'll start by saying to be fair , the two staff members I interacted with were perfectly nice and helpful and the main " dining area " was clean , but god damn the food is soooooo gross , and it 's very expensive considering how gross it is- over $ 3 for a crappy cheeseburger that 's more sauce than burger and over $ 4 for the most disgusting chili cheese fries I 've ever had .	dining area	neutral
Ok , I 'll start by saying to be fair , the two staff members I interacted with were perfectly nice and helpful and the main " dining area " was clean , but god damn the food is soooooo gross , and it 's very expensive considering how gross it is- over $ 3 for a crappy cheeseburger that 's more sauce than burger and over $ 4 for the most disgusting chili cheese fries I 've ever had .	cheeseburger	neutral
Ok , I 'll start by saying to be fair , the two staff members I interacted with were perfectly nice and helpful and the main " dining area " was clean , but god damn the food is soooooo gross , and it 's very expensive considering how gross it is- over $ 3 for a crappy cheeseburger that 's more sauce than burger and over $ 4 for the most disgusting chili cheese fries I 've ever had .	chili cheese fries	neutral
I love chili cheese fries , I get them everywhere !	chili cheese fries	neutral
And the bathroom , which I used after I was done with the super gross excuse for food , was also pretty dirty .	bathroom	neutral
And the bathroom , which I used after I was done with the super gross excuse for food , was also pretty dirty .	food	neutral
your customer toilet seat looks like it has n't been cleaned in a week , especially when your " food " is also super disgusting .	customer toilet seat	neutral
your customer toilet seat looks like it has n't been cleaned in a week , especially when your " food " is also super disgusting .	food	neutral
This place seems like they are trying to be in - n - out , which I guarantee you is far superior to this place regardless of how you feel about them .	place	neutral
It was a busy day , because they were giving away free food ( bean & cheese burritos , and green chili burritos ) , trying to clean their image after the E. Coli outbreak in another of their locations .	bean & cheese burritos	neutral
The green chili was just a bit too dry , but I understand that they had to prepare in advance for all the people that was going to show up .	green chili	neutral
Best Indian food I 've ever had .	Indian food	neutral
I 've since moved to LA , and I still can not find good Indian food around here .	Indian food	neutral
Star of India is the bar by which I judge Indian food .	Indian food	neutral
It seems the reviews are based on the lunch buffet .	lunch buffet	neutral
Beautiful pillows of poori bread , light and warm .	pillows	neutral
Beautiful pillows of poori bread , light and warm .	poori bread	neutral
I have dreams about how good the curry lamb is .	curry lamb	neutral
Perfectly spiced , in a rich , creamy sauce with a wonderful texture .	sauce	neutral
Super tender lamb .	lamb	neutral
Fragrant mango lassis .	mango lassis	neutral
Nothing is ever fried in a vat of communal oil , greasy , nor a mushy mass of non - descript starch dotted with frozen vegetables ( as other restaurants have served ) .	starch	neutral
Pigeon on the outside tables please fix this problem .	outside	neutral
Food was average , that 's being nice .	Food	neutral
The mac and cheese was bland	mac and cheese	neutral
, the pico de gallo was flavourless , the pizza was ok , tacos were ok as well .	pico de gallo	neutral
, the pico de gallo was flavourless , the pizza was ok , tacos were ok as well .	pizza	neutral
, the pico de gallo was flavourless , the pizza was ok , tacos were ok as well .	tacos	neutral
The dessert bar was fairly impressive however , with really nice squares , mini cupcakes , macaroons and a wide selection of ice creams with great toppings .	dessert bar	neutral
The dessert bar was fairly impressive however , with really nice squares , mini cupcakes , macaroons and a wide selection of ice creams with great toppings .	squares	neutral
The dessert bar was fairly impressive however , with really nice squares , mini cupcakes , macaroons and a wide selection of ice creams with great toppings .	mini cupcakes	neutral
The dessert bar was fairly impressive however , with really nice squares , mini cupcakes , macaroons and a wide selection of ice creams with great toppings .	macaroons	neutral
The dessert bar was fairly impressive however , with really nice squares , mini cupcakes , macaroons and a wide selection of ice creams with great toppings .	ice creams	neutral
The dessert bar was fairly impressive however , with really nice squares , mini cupcakes , macaroons and a wide selection of ice creams with great toppings .	toppings	neutral
Because it was free , The Buffet was worth it , but I would have been pretty disappointed if I 'd paid with my own money after reading all of the self - hype about being the best buffet in Vegas !	Buffet	neutral
Because it was free , The Buffet was worth it , but I would have been pretty disappointed if I 'd paid with my own money after reading all of the self - hype about being the best buffet in Vegas !	buffet	neutral
Real authentic food .	food	neutral
Tacos are amazing .	Tacos	neutral
Absolutely the best Mexican food in Monroe .	Mexican food	neutral
Loved the food those chicken nachos are amazing !	food	neutral
Loved the food those chicken nachos are amazing !	chicken nachos	neutral
The red sauce is unique to Yardhouse that no other place has on nachos .	red sauce	neutral
The red sauce is unique to Yardhouse that no other place has on nachos .	nachos	neutral
Make sure to take advantage of the happy hour menu .	happy hour menu	neutral
Carne Asada burrito ! ! ! ! !	Carne	neutral
They get a little busy from time to time but the food is worth the minimal wait !	food	neutral
This is a great choice if you want some good drinks and some good food .	drinks	neutral
This is a great choice if you want some good drinks and some good food .	food	neutral
on - 3 meals ( apps / entre / dessert ) for $ 25 from a select menu .	apps	neutral
on - 3 meals ( apps / entre / dessert ) for $ 25 from a select menu .	entre	neutral
on - 3 meals ( apps / entre / dessert ) for $ 25 from a select menu .	dessert	neutral
I ordered the grilled salmon with pineapple salsa , jasmine rice and seasonal veggies .	grilled salmon with pineapple salsa	neutral
I ordered the grilled salmon with pineapple salsa , jasmine rice and seasonal veggies .	jasmine rice	neutral
Overall the salmon was done nicely , but it could have used more salsa to give it a nice citrus - y flavour .	salmon	neutral
The atmosphere is nice - dark and brooding with a hint of sexy .	atmosphere	neutral
I must say the service was really nice - our server knew the menu and made some suggestions .	service	neutral
I must say the service was really nice - our server knew the menu and made some suggestions .	server	neutral
If you are checking out a menu at the STC this is a good place to grab a meal / drink before or afterwards .	place	neutral
I love boss donuts I never have a bad experience with the taste of their product .	product	neutral
I ordered three drinks 2 of them tasted disgusting .	drinks	neutral
The strawberry banana smoothie taste like bubble gum .	strawberry banana smoothie	neutral
The boba chai tea .	boba chai tea	neutral
Vegetarian pizza was okay .	Vegetarian pizza	neutral
The chicken pizza had 1 tiny piece of chicken per slice .	chicken pizza	neutral
Rest of the pizza was pretty average .	pizza	neutral
Management needs to give these people some help .	Management	neutral
One waitress for half the room and one bartender for a full bar .	waitress	neutral
It is a dimly lit restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
But the food is delicious , the portions are huge , and they blast kpop , which is the fastest way to my heart .	food	neutral
But the food is delicious , the portions are huge , and they blast kpop , which is the fastest way to my heart .	portions	neutral
But the food is delicious , the portions are huge , and they blast kpop , which is the fastest way to my heart .	kpop	neutral
The real showstopper here is the cheese corn .	cheese corn	neutral
Their bulgogi is also quite superb and you can tell it 's authentic .	bulgogi	neutral
The table I was sitting at felt wobbly , the chairs were horrible , and the service was a little slow ( there was only one server for the whole restaurant	table	neutral
The table I was sitting at felt wobbly , the chairs were horrible , and the service was a little slow ( there was only one server for the whole restaurant	chairs	neutral
The table I was sitting at felt wobbly , the chairs were horrible , and the service was a little slow ( there was only one server for the whole restaurant	service	neutral
The table I was sitting at felt wobbly , the chairs were horrible , and the service was a little slow ( there was only one server for the whole restaurant	server	neutral
Overall , this is a solid place and it is 100 % worth your money and time .	place	neutral
The food seemes to be the typical Americanized Thai style food that you find in Vegas .	food	neutral
I will say that the atmosphere of the establishment is very cool though .	atmosphere	neutral
I will say that the atmosphere of the establishment is very cool though .	establishment	neutral
The interior decorating was very modern , mixed with some Thai decor .	interior decorating	neutral
But enough of that , let 's get to what really matters , the food !	food	neutral
The thai iced tea was ok , but a little watered down .	thai iced tea	neutral
Thai iced tea is about the only thai food that I like sweet , and this was a bit lacking .	Thai iced tea	neutral
I ordered the yellow curry with chicken and sticky rice .	yellow curry	neutral
The sticky rice was very nice in the curry , but this was about all that I really liked about this dish .	sticky rice	neutral
The sticky rice was very nice in the curry , but this was about all that I really liked about this dish .	curry	neutral
The sticky rice was very nice in the curry , but this was about all that I really liked about this dish .	dish	neutral
The curry was the typical " Pin Kaow " curry ; overly sweet and without any flavor that sets it apart .	curry	neutral
The presentation was nice though , with the sugary cream sauce covering the plate and the rice in the middle , with a single scoop of mango ice cream on top .	presentation	neutral
The presentation was nice though , with the sugary cream sauce covering the plate and the rice in the middle , with a single scoop of mango ice cream on top .	sugary	neutral
The presentation was nice though , with the sugary cream sauce covering the plate and the rice in the middle , with a single scoop of mango ice cream on top .	rice	neutral
I did n't finish any of the dishes , they were just too sweet .	dishes	neutral
The service and the atmosphere were nice , but Pin Kaow clones are not the type of Thai restaurants that I prefer .	service	neutral
The service and the atmosphere were nice , but Pin Kaow clones are not the type of Thai restaurants that I prefer .	atmosphere	neutral
Employees were a little sluggish and not very helpful .	Employees	neutral
The Subway breakfast options are pretty limited	Subway breakfast options	neutral
the egg was cold and I really could n't taste the cheese .	egg	neutral
Their egg & cheese on a multigrain bagel is much tastier and more convenient .	egg & cheese on	neutral
Tried the nachos , enchiladas , fusion tacos and fusion	nachos	neutral
Tried the nachos , enchiladas , fusion tacos and fusion	enchiladas	neutral
Tried the nachos , enchiladas , fusion tacos and fusion	fusion tacos	neutral
Tried the nachos , enchiladas , fusion tacos and fusion	fusion	neutral
burrito - it was just a - ok !	burrito	neutral
This is a cute little place located in Paris .	place	neutral
You definitely want to take advantage sitting in the patio on a nice , sunny day .	patio	neutral
The food here is typically priced from around $ 10 - 25 .	food	neutral
I ordered the french onion soup .	french onion soup	neutral
My soup had a nice cheesy crust over the top .	soup	neutral
And they were definitely generous with the cheese .	cheese	neutral
Cheese = happiness .	Cheese	neutral
The bread that was under the cheese was a bit too oversaturated with the soup and mushy .	bread	neutral
The bread that was under the cheese was a bit too oversaturated with the soup and mushy .	cheese	neutral
Overall the soup was decent , a bit pricey for a French Onion Soup though , $ 10 .	soup	neutral
Overall the soup was decent , a bit pricey for a French Onion Soup though , $ 10 .	French Onion Soup	neutral
I thought the meat was on the tough side .	meat	neutral
She moreso loved the flavor of the meat and sauce .	meat	neutral
She moreso loved the flavor of the meat and sauce .	sauce	neutral
The steak was huge too .	steak	neutral
So i guess she did get her money 's worth for a dish that cost $ 25 .	dish	neutral
Overall , I think this is a cute place to stop buy and have a nice brunch on a pretty , sunny day with friends .	place	neutral
The food was okay , in my taste .	food	neutral
awesome reasonable place to come eat .	place	neutral
Apps burgers and chicken sandwich all good .	Apps burgers	neutral
Apps burgers and chicken sandwich all good .	chicken sandwich	neutral
Bourbon lemonade is delicious .	Bourbon lemonade	neutral
Oh , parking sucks .	parking	neutral
Service was quick and semi - friendly ; did the job .	Service	neutral
Over priced pizza loaded with an excess of everything and a super sugary sauce ....	pizza	neutral
Over priced pizza loaded with an excess of everything and a super sugary sauce ....	sauce	neutral
It 's a last resort pizza stop for me .	pizza	neutral
Excellent bar .	bar	neutral
The views were just jaw dropping !	views	neutral
Both bartenders that were working that night were excellent !	bartenders	neutral
I 've never reviewed a place , but the service was awful .	place	neutral
I 've never reviewed a place , but the service was awful .	service	neutral
When our server came to our table she said " what do you want for dinner ? " .	server	neutral
We were excited to try this local restaurant , unfortunatly we will never return .	restaurant	neutral
Great neighborhood grocery store .	grocery store	neutral
Beer so good	Beer	neutral
Great building .	building	neutral
Great folks and a great brewer .	brewer	neutral
I was so disappointed with this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The torch rolls tasted burnt , sashimi selection on their platter was n't that great , the cod was in a sauce that tasted like butter and milk .	torch rolls	neutral
The torch rolls tasted burnt , sashimi selection on their platter was n't that great , the cod was in a sauce that tasted like butter and milk .	sashimi selection	neutral
The torch rolls tasted burnt , sashimi selection on their platter was n't that great , the cod was in a sauce that tasted like butter and milk .	platter	neutral
The torch rolls tasted burnt , sashimi selection on their platter was n't that great , the cod was in a sauce that tasted like butter and milk .	cod	neutral
The torch rolls tasted burnt , sashimi selection on their platter was n't that great , the cod was in a sauce that tasted like butter and milk .	sauce	neutral
The only thing we kind of enjoyed was the fried Oysters .	fried Oysters	neutral
The best thing about this restaurant is the d辿cor and exceptional service .	d辿cor	neutral
The best thing about this restaurant is the d辿cor and exceptional service .	service	neutral
I will try the Friday fish fry and see what that 's all about .	Friday	neutral
I will try the Friday fish fry and see what that 's all about .	fish fry	neutral
The place is clean lots of tv 's great place to watch a game .	place	neutral
Restaurant was around 40 % full .	Restaurant	neutral
so I got the spicy chicken soup	spicy chicken soup	neutral
The soup tasted good and was the right amount of spice I was looking for .	soup	neutral
It came with rice on the side and plenty of chicken in the soup but chicken was too dry .	soup	neutral
It came with rice on the side and plenty of chicken in the soup but chicken was too dry .	chicken	neutral
Also the side dishes were underwhelming compared to other Korean restaurants I been to .	side dishes	neutral
My friends tried the egg soup , spicy grilled chicken with cheese , and korean rice balls .	egg soup	neutral
My friends tried the egg soup , spicy grilled chicken with cheese , and korean rice balls .	spicy grilled chicken with cheese	neutral
They all enjoyed their meal .	meal	neutral
One my friends was korean and it was interesting to see how he prepared his rice balls before consuming them .	rice	neutral
He then put on the glove and started to form all his rice balls before eating them each with his spicy grilled chicken .	spicy grilled chicken	neutral
I like the bar , the beer and like the food , but beware of the anti - kid attitude .	bar	neutral
I like the bar , the beer and like the food , but beware of the anti - kid attitude .	beer	neutral
I did like the fact that they have like 45 beers on tap	beers	neutral
Either way , they were good and they had my favorite Leinenkugels	Leinenkugels	neutral
The bartender was a really nice chick , and even gave us 2 lemons to take home , because we decided we needed those for some reason .	bartender	neutral
Still upset that current ad is never anywhere on line ... losing customers over this .	ad	neutral
Had to wait 10 minutes for a table , ok if busy , but restaraunt was basically empty , but was told we had to wait to see if people who made reservations would show up .	restaraunt	neutral
Finally seated and were given water by a waitress who was over the top perky .	waitress	neutral
Two of the water glasses had black stuff at the bottom .	water glasses	neutral
Appetizers were ok , but the dipping sauce for both the pretzles and chips were bland ..	Appetizers	neutral
Appetizers were ok , but the dipping sauce for both the pretzles and chips were bland ..	dipping sauce for	neutral
Appetizers were ok , but the dipping sauce for both the pretzles and chips were bland ..	pretzles	neutral
Appetizers were ok , but the dipping sauce for both the pretzles and chips were bland ..	chips	neutral
Ordered a firebrand chicken sandwich , was told the the bread was a flatbread , their version of pita bread .	chicken sandwich	neutral
I had their black angus burger .	black angus	neutral
I had their black angus burger .	burger	neutral
The smallest 1/3 pound burger I have ever seen .	burger	neutral
Small plain bun , two pickle chips , two limp red onion rings , no lettuce or tomato , and a petite amount of ketchup that was not enough for the burger , let alone the fries .	plain	neutral
Small plain bun , two pickle chips , two limp red onion rings , no lettuce or tomato , and a petite amount of ketchup that was not enough for the burger , let alone the fries .	bun	neutral
Small plain bun , two pickle chips , two limp red onion rings , no lettuce or tomato , and a petite amount of ketchup that was not enough for the burger , let alone the fries .	pickle	neutral
Small plain bun , two pickle chips , two limp red onion rings , no lettuce or tomato , and a petite amount of ketchup that was not enough for the burger , let alone the fries .	red onion rings	neutral
The flavor of the burger was the dealbreaker .	burger	neutral
I have no problem paying top dollar for my food , but I expect to get what I pay for .	food	neutral
I use Yelp to get a feel if I really want to try a place .	place	neutral
I bought a Gringo style burger with sweet potato fries and an iced tea .	burger	neutral
The sweet potato fries were not as crispy as I would like but they are not bad .	sweet potato fries	neutral
I liked the burger .	burger	neutral
There is nothing great about any of the food but it is reasonably priced and OK .	food	neutral
The service is fast casual where you order at the counter and they bring it to you .	service	neutral
They have a frequent diner program that is web based which is sort of cool .	frequent diner program	neutral
Given I have to drive past this place for either In - and -Out or Culvers I will more often than not stop at this local place to eat rather than the chains .	place	neutral
Very different menu but very good .	menu	neutral
Service was great all around .	Service	neutral
Applebee 's is consistent as a chain and this one keeps that tradition , not a 4 star restaurant but the food and service were good .	Applebee 's	neutral
Applebee 's is consistent as a chain and this one keeps that tradition , not a 4 star restaurant but the food and service were good .	food	neutral
Applebee 's is consistent as a chain and this one keeps that tradition , not a 4 star restaurant but the food and service were good .	service	neutral
Holy shit this place is good .	place	neutral
The burger choices are pretty standard fare .	burger choices	neutral
They use regular - ass white buns and processed cheese .	white buns	neutral
They use regular - ass white buns and processed cheese .	cheese	neutral
The place is tiny .	place	neutral
There are 3 - 4 bar seats set up against a wall , and there are signs that say , " You ca n't actually eat in here , this area is just for waiting .	bar	neutral
All you can eat buffet ! ! !	All you can eat buffet	neutral
I usually never recommend anything all you can eat , because that just means that the quality will be mediocre , since the quantity is higher .	all you can	neutral
Restaurants try to maximum their profit by feeding their customers with cheaper ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
However , at Neko 's , the quality does n't change and the menu does n't get limited .	menu	neutral
They have a huge selection on their menu , so it is worth paying the $ 25 .	menu	neutral
Their sashimi are fresh and flavorful .	sashimi	neutral
Their rolls are plentiful and carter to every sushi lover ( raw , cooked , Americanize , traditional , etc . )	rolls	neutral
The restaurant 's decor are so cute , too .	decor	neutral
Customer service was friendly and speedy .	Customer service	neutral
Would totally recommend this place .	place	neutral
Good food , restaurant is very small , but that did n't really matter .	food	neutral
Good food , restaurant is very small , but that did n't really matter .	restaurant	neutral
I liked the food and the service was ok .	food	neutral
I liked the food and the service was ok .	service	neutral
I was n't impressed with the menu prices , especially compared to other Indian restaurants .	menu	neutral
Overall , the quality of the food was pretty good though	food	neutral
This place has absolutely fabulous authentic taco stand food !	taco stand food	neutral
I do have to say that I did subtract a star for the fries .	fries	neutral
I shared the adobada fries and the fries were a little limp and were n't really cooked long enough .	adobada fries	neutral
I shared the adobada fries and the fries were a little limp and were n't really cooked long enough .	fries	neutral
But the adobada was wonderful !	adobada	neutral
I wish I had just gotten the tacos or a burrito instead and skipped the fries .	burrito	neutral
I also had a carne asada taco that was just perfect .	carne asada taco	neutral
Overall , the food is really , really good .	food	neutral
The check out process could be a little more efficient as far as getting from the food lines to the check out , but they have two cash registers , so that is helpful .	check	neutral
The check out process could be a little more efficient as far as getting from the food lines to the check out , but they have two cash registers , so that is helpful .	food	neutral
Friendly staff , reasonable prices and really good atmosphere .	staff	neutral
Friendly staff , reasonable prices and really good atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
The sausage , bacon , pepperoni and mushroom pizza was excellent !	sausage , bacon ,	neutral
The sausage , bacon , pepperoni and mushroom pizza was excellent !	pepperoni and	neutral
The sausage , bacon , pepperoni and mushroom pizza was excellent !	mushroom pizza	neutral
And the calzone I had another time was great .	calzone	neutral
I love their marinara , I 'll definitely keep going here .	marinara	neutral
So happy to find a Mexican restaurant that is n't the standard tex - mex .	Mexican restaurant	neutral
( chips were fried per order ) .	chips	neutral
I tried carnitas and chorizo tacos as well as two tamale stuffed with chicken and peppers .	carnitas	neutral
I tried carnitas and chorizo tacos as well as two tamale stuffed with chicken and peppers .	chorizo tacos	neutral
All of it was delicious - nice soft tamale dough that was n't too thick and definitely was n't freezer burnt ( which is a common issue where ever I have ordered them elsewhere on the East coast ) .	tamale dough	neutral
The tacos came with the most amazing roja salsa - very spicy and acidic .	tacos	neutral
The tacos came with the most amazing roja salsa - very spicy and acidic .	roja salsa	neutral
My husband got poblano peppers stuffed with cheese and beef topped with a white cheese sauce and pomegranate seeds .	poblano	neutral
This dish was amazing .	dish	neutral
Our children got the bistek and rice-	bistek	neutral
To drink I had the Mexican coffee - very nice cinnamon notes .	Mexican coffee	neutral
Our kids got Pineapple water ( which is what it sounds like ) and really enjoyed it as well .	Pineapple water	neutral
All of us were very very happy with our meals .	meals	neutral
I had the veggie omelette and my husband had the poncho omelette , which is chorizo with pico , sour cream , and avocado .	veggie omelette	neutral
I had the veggie omelette and my husband had the poncho omelette , which is chorizo with pico , sour cream , and avocado .	poncho omelette	neutral
I liked the home fries best .	home fries	neutral
Our waitress , Penny , had a great personality !	waitress	neutral
I am a huge fan of pancakes , these were fluffy and tasted almost nutty .	pancakes	neutral
I also did n't love the taste of the coffee , but I 'm kind of a coffee snob .	coffee	neutral
Overall it was a great experience the omelette and customer service was excellent , and I will be back !	omelette	neutral
Overall it was a great experience the omelette and customer service was excellent , and I will be back !	customer service	neutral
Came on a Sunday when they have all you can eat .	all you can eat	neutral
Decor is lively and well done .	Decor	neutral
The fancy wood floors seemed kind of out of place for a Mexican restaurant as we are accustomed to seeing tile or painted concrete .	wood floors	neutral
Fideo soup came out first .	Fideo soup	neutral
It was delicious as the broth was much tastier than what I have tried in other restaurants .	broth	neutral
The Mole enchilada came next .	Mole enchilada	neutral
I tried my wife 's " Verde " enchilada and the flavor was good	Verde "	neutral
I tried my wife 's " Verde " enchilada and the flavor was good	enchilada	neutral
Service was fantastic .	Service	neutral
We were served by a well dressed / groomed polite lady and man .	lady	neutral
Love this place ! ! ! !	place	neutral
Food was great , so was service ! ! !	Food	neutral
Food was great , so was service ! ! !	service	neutral
- it was the most beautiful spa I had ever went to !	spa	neutral
In addition to that - I got unlimited day usage of their spa stuff !	spa stuff	neutral
They had a beautiful locker room that had a sauna and jacuzzi in it .	locker room	neutral
They also had a huge pool out behind the spa where you could just layout and be lazy .	pool	neutral
I'm not one of those cool people that hikes as a hobbie , or ever , but I did manage to make my way to the top of this mountain to behold the magnificent view that everyone boasts about , and I 'm damn proud to have survived to Yelp about it .	view	neutral
This food is REALLY good , food is top quality !	food	neutral
Staff is great .	Staff	neutral
This is ine of my favorite all you can eat places ! ! !	all you can eat	neutral
Los Tacos is my favorite taco spot hands down .	Los Tacos	neutral
I always get tacos or a burrito .	tacos	neutral
I always get tacos or a burrito .	burrito	neutral
The prices are a little more but the servings reflect the price for sure .	servings	neutral
Their meats are superior to every other taco place .	meats	neutral
Their stand outs are their lengua and their carnitas .	lengua	neutral
Their stand outs are their lengua and their carnitas .	carnitas	neutral
Their carne asada is also delicious .	carne asada	neutral
As an Indonesian , i love this place so much .	place	neutral
Try the beef rendang ( beef stew in coconut milk ) , gado - gado ( salad with peanut sauce ) and sate ayam ( chicken satay ) .	beef rendang	neutral
Try the beef rendang ( beef stew in coconut milk ) , gado - gado ( salad with peanut sauce ) and sate ayam ( chicken satay ) .	beef stew	neutral
Try the beef rendang ( beef stew in coconut milk ) , gado - gado ( salad with peanut sauce ) and sate ayam ( chicken satay ) .	gado - gado	neutral
Try the beef rendang ( beef stew in coconut milk ) , gado - gado ( salad with peanut sauce ) and sate ayam ( chicken satay ) .	chicken satay	neutral
My favourite is pempek ( fishcake ) .	pempek	neutral
My favourite is pempek ( fishcake ) .	fishcake )	neutral
Delicious Fresh Fruit and Vegetables !	Fruit	neutral
Delicious Fresh Fruit and Vegetables !	Vegetables	neutral
The Black Berries and Heirloom Tomatoes are off the charts great !	Black Berries	neutral
The Black Berries and Heirloom Tomatoes are off the charts great !	Heirloom Tomatoes	neutral
Pretty cool spot .	spot	neutral
Not your typical " bowling alley " .	bowling	neutral
Its more of a nice ( very large ) bar with 20 or so bowling lanes if you 're so inclined .	bar	neutral
Good beer selection .	beer selection	neutral
Food was ok	Food	neutral
Our services was quite good especially considering the large group .	services	neutral
Place is a twin of Lucky Strike back in Phoenix but not quite as nice .	Place	neutral
She 's vegan , but still was able to find compatible food .	food	neutral
I had smothered chicken , Mac and cheese , house dressing , and green beans .	Mac and	neutral
Needless to say , I did n't have to cook dinner thanks to the huge portions .	portions	neutral
Our server , Jay , was great , fast , and supplied extra napkins ! ! ! !	server	neutral
Our server , Jay , was great , fast , and supplied extra napkins ! ! ! !	Jay	neutral
I enjoy and support M&Ms and highly recommend !	M&Ms	neutral
I love the green burro .	green burro	neutral
Their bulgogi beef flautas and kimchi fried rice are amazing !	bulgogi beef flautas	neutral
Their bulgogi beef flautas and kimchi fried rice are amazing !	kimchi fried rice	neutral
This place is amazing !	place	neutral
The owners and staff are super friendly and remember you every time you come in .	owners	neutral
The owners and staff are super friendly and remember you every time you come in .	staff	neutral
The gelato is great too !	gelato	neutral
My personal favorite is the Honey Comb Lavender gelato and Halo Halo Rocky Road .	Honey Comb Lavender gelato	neutral
My personal favorite is the Honey Comb Lavender gelato and Halo Halo Rocky Road .	Halo Halo Rocky Road	neutral
I would highly recommend this place for any gelato lovers or to anyone that loves desserts !	desserts	neutral
The inside is extremely clean and nice - looking , and the staffers were all very kind and attentive .	staffers	neutral
I ca n't recall what the specific dish my girlfriend ordered was , but she quickly dismissed it due to seriously overcooked rice , and not being a complainer , opted to just not eat it .	rice	neutral
Our veggie rolls were n't all that better either , with just a serious blandness thing going on .	veggie rolls	neutral
I had more luck with my chicken pad thai , though even the noodles in that seemed a little off .	chicken pad thai	neutral
The other positive reviews lead me to believe that we probably just caught Our Thai on a bad day or something , but that level of inconsistency disappoints me , especially with other great options to choose from , including Boston Pizza , which is where we ended up after leaving our Our Thai partially - eaten meals behind .	Boston Pizza	neutral
I do n't even like serranos .	serranos	neutral
This is a great place in the heart of a residential community , which makes it a convenient and enjoyable dining choice if you live in the area .	place	neutral
The prices are reasonable and the food is always great .	food	neutral
The bar area is a bit narrow in the summers when the drop down walls are down but a bit more spacious in the cooler months when the patio is not separated from the bar .	bar area	neutral
The bar area is a bit narrow in the summers when the drop down walls are down but a bit more spacious in the cooler months when the patio is not separated from the bar .	drop down walls	neutral
The bar area is a bit narrow in the summers when the drop down walls are down but a bit more spacious in the cooler months when the patio is not separated from the bar .	patio	neutral
The happy hour menu is very affordable and has several options for both food and beverages .	happy hour menu	neutral
The bartenders and servers are very personable and knowledgable .	bartenders	neutral
The bartenders and servers are very personable and knowledgable .	servers	neutral
The service is always top notch .	service	neutral
The only downside is that the parking lot is tiny and I almost always have to walk from Alberstons across the street .	parking lot	neutral
In sum , if your in the area you ca nt go wrong with trying this place out .	place	neutral
Underpriced 4-star cocktails and overpriced 3-star food .	cocktails	neutral
Underpriced 4-star cocktails and overpriced 3-star food .	food	neutral
Good spot to meet friends but not a great date venue .	spot	neutral
We had the ossobucco , lamb and carbonara .	ossobucco	neutral
We had the ossobucco , lamb and carbonara .	lamb	neutral
This place never disappoints .	place	neutral
The all you can eat buffet costs $ 10 .	all you can eat buffet	neutral
The other good thing was the water served was good filtered water	water	neutral
The service was excellent so I want to give them more stars .	service	neutral
But for the same price , I 'd rather go somewhere with a bit more diversity in their menu , from dishes to wines .	menu	neutral
But for the same price , I 'd rather go somewhere with a bit more diversity in their menu , from dishes to wines .	dishes	neutral
But for the same price , I 'd rather go somewhere with a bit more diversity in their menu , from dishes to wines .	wines	neutral
Ok , their shrimp cocktail is good , their escargot is great ( I do n't know anywhere else in Madison	shrimp cocktail	neutral
Ok , their shrimp cocktail is good , their escargot is great ( I do n't know anywhere else in Madison	escargot	neutral
However , the steaks ?	steaks	neutral
They are good , but I 'm surprised they did n't have any dry - aged steaks .	steaks	neutral
The breads are delicious .	breads	neutral
Ok the wine list .	wine list	neutral
It has so much potential but for a fancy place like Tornado Steak House , I wish they had some more variety .	Steak House	neutral
It 's a good place , I 've been here multiple times , actually , and each time I always feel like they 're missing just one thing .	place	neutral
I still recommend it , but not quite the place I 'd keep returning to when I have the chance .	place	neutral
Sat for 10 mins after being seated for a server to come by .	server	neutral
The hostess went to tell the waitress we were waiting but the waitress did n't come over .	hostess	neutral
The hostess went to tell the waitress we were waiting but the waitress did n't come over .	waitress	neutral
She a horrible waitress .	waitress	neutral
Excellent Diner !	Diner	neutral
This is our first time visiting Charlotte and this is already our favorite restaurant here in the city ! !	restaurant	neutral
The service has been excellent both times we are there , Aneisha has been there both times we have went , and she has gone above and beyond !	service	neutral
She is great : ) the prices are really good too , especially for the quality of the food .	food	neutral
Midnight Diner is AWESOME !	Midnight Diner	neutral
I ca n't believe this place has gotten such good reviews .	place	neutral
The place was a mess .	place	neutral
but I do n't consider that good service .	service	neutral
The food was good but just as good as any diner	food	neutral
This restaurant had excellent breakfast food !	breakfast food	neutral
We had their banana nut pancakes , which were huge and delicious and their cheesy eggs and fried potatoes were so tasty .	banana nut pancakes	neutral
We had their banana nut pancakes , which were huge and delicious and their cheesy eggs and fried potatoes were so tasty .	cheesy eggs	neutral
We had their banana nut pancakes , which were huge and delicious and their cheesy eggs and fried potatoes were so tasty .	fried potatoes	neutral
Great staff .	staff	neutral
HOO - RAY for boxee	boxee	neutral
Sunday 's This place is great but can get SO packed .	place	neutral
Pipers really has moved up in the world and is now crowded all the time .	Pipers	neutral
The food is excellent , staff always good and the beer and drinks are reasonable .	food	neutral
The food is excellent , staff always good and the beer and drinks are reasonable .	staff	neutral
The food is excellent , staff always good and the beer and drinks are reasonable .	beer	neutral
The food is excellent , staff always good and the beer and drinks are reasonable .	drinks	neutral
We had a sample platter to split with three dishes : Chicken panuchos , green corn tamales and plantain empanadas .	Chicken panuchos	neutral
The plantain empanadas were by far the best of the three .	plantain empanadas	neutral
Basically , the exterior of the " empanada " is a seared plantain stuffed with a cheesy black bean mix .	empanada	neutral
The other two dishes were weaker .	dishes	neutral
The green corn tamale was more like a polenta in terms of texture .	green corn tamale	neutral
Still , topped with crema and salsa it was tasty enough .	crema	neutral
Still , topped with crema and salsa it was tasty enough .	salsa	neutral
But the chicken panuchos were inexcusable .	chicken panuchos	neutral
The chicken was utterly flavorless .	chicken	neutral
The avocado was nice and the radishes added a much needed bit of brightness but the chicken was so lackluster that it dragged down the whole dish .	avocado	neutral
The avocado was nice and the radishes added a much needed bit of brightness but the chicken was so lackluster that it dragged down the whole dish .	radishes	neutral
The avocado was nice and the radishes added a much needed bit of brightness but the chicken was so lackluster that it dragged down the whole dish .	chicken	neutral
The complimentary salsas were also weak : none of them had any spice and at least two of them were extremely bland .	complimentary	neutral
The complimentary salsas were also weak : none of them had any spice and at least two of them were extremely bland .	salsas	neutral
Service was friendly and efficient .	Service	neutral
A fine place for a quick casual bite but nothing to write home about .	place	neutral
Best cheesesteak I 've had in Toronto .	cheesesteak	neutral
The bread is amazing and the meat , topping , and hot sauce are the bomb .	bread	neutral
The bread is amazing and the meat , topping , and hot sauce are the bomb .	meat	neutral
The bread is amazing and the meat , topping , and hot sauce are the bomb .	topping	neutral
The bread is amazing and the meat , topping , and hot sauce are the bomb .	hot sauce	neutral
Also serving size is generous .	serving size	neutral
Service is a bit slow at lunch time , but time flew by as I was enjoying the conversation .	Service	neutral
I really liked this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
I wanted the Thai Salad , but it came with fish .	Thai Salad	neutral
I enjoyed my first visit to PDQ .	PDQ	neutral
I ordered the Grilled Chicken Salad with blueberry - ginger vinaigrette salad dressing .	Grilled Chicken Salad	neutral
The salad was on point .	salad	neutral
The dressing was tasty as well , however , I was a bit taken aback by its consistency which was thick and pasty - like .	dressing	neutral
That aside , the restaurant has an array of drinks and I could not resist the Vanilla Coke for an afternoon thirst - quencher .	drinks	neutral
That aside , the restaurant has an array of drinks and I could not resist the Vanilla Coke for an afternoon thirst - quencher .	Vanilla Coke	neutral
The hand - washing station is stationed so that you have no excuse to avoid the spread of germs .	hand	neutral
We were consulted to ensure everything was well at our table and when we informed one staff member that the sweet tea was not sweetened , it was handled immediately .	sweet tea	neutral
The staff are always cleaning up and tending to the restaurant and patrons .	staff	neutral
Thank you PDQ for a great restaurant experience .	PDQ	neutral
Thank you PDQ for a great restaurant experience .	restaurant	neutral
It 's a less refined Chipotle .	Chipotle	neutral
Food is really bland .	Food	neutral
I was looking for authentic Mexican food did not find .	Mexican food	neutral
Yummy , I 've only tried their steak shawarma so far and was greatly pleased	steak shawarma	neutral
I am sure the rest of their food is delicious as well .	food	neutral
If you 're looking for good mediterranean food , stop by you wo n't be disappointed .	mediterranean food	neutral
Pastry donuts at their finest !	Pastry donuts	neutral
The glaze is buttery and sweet .	glaze	neutral
Apple fritters are delicious .	Apple fritters	neutral
Grab a cup of their coffee and a donut-	coffee	neutral
The lady on the intercom was completely incompetent and could n't get	lady	neutral
and we leave and our food is frozen .	food	neutral
Get a new staff .	staff	neutral
Their chocolate is top quality .	chocolate	neutral
Love their ice cream sundaes and their service .	ice cream sundaes	neutral
Love their ice cream sundaes and their service .	service	neutral
Great location in the Linq , super clean and spacious .	location	neutral
Took someone here for their birthday and requested a patio seat 3 weeks in advance but was not accommodated whateves ... great views though of phx ... as for the food when we arrived we were given a shooter which was very good .. for dinner we had the fillet and the chicken with a side of shrimp .	fillet	neutral
Took someone here for their birthday and requested a patio seat 3 weeks in advance but was not accommodated whateves ... great views though of phx ... as for the food when we arrived we were given a shooter which was very good .. for dinner we had the fillet and the chicken with a side of shrimp .	chicken	neutral
everything was super tasty!!!!!i have been to my fair share of fine dining restaurants and usually the service is top notch waiter was below average but would defiantly go back here ..	service	neutral
everything was super tasty!!!!!i have been to my fair share of fine dining restaurants and usually the service is top notch waiter was below average but would defiantly go back here ..	waiter	neutral
I highly recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Iv been looking for a Mexican restaurant that has really good actual Mexican food .	Mexican food	neutral
This place had excellent salsa .	salsa	neutral
Salsa that did n't taste like ketchup and chili powder .	Salsa	neutral
This salsa had really good Mexican hot kick to it .	salsa	neutral
The Waitress we had was very polite and attentive to my needs .	Waitress	neutral
Great customer service .	customer service	neutral
This place is the Best Italian place in Scottsdale .	place	neutral
This place is the Best Italian place in Scottsdale .	Italian place	neutral
He is all about quality and service .	service	neutral
From Apps to Dessert , it 's all great .	Apps	neutral
From Apps to Dessert , it 's all great .	Dessert	neutral
His original Restaurant on Hayden set the trend here with real authentic Italian cuisine .	Italian cuisine	neutral
This location is comparable to other locations , which is to say that they make pretty good sandwiches , and quickly .	sandwiches	neutral
My one complaint about this location - why is the delivery radius so small ?	delivery radius	neutral
Its pretty good food and reasonably priced .	food	neutral
Staff is friendly enough .	Staff	neutral
Got the yellow curry and it was good .	yellow curry	neutral
The masseur who provided my massage was amazingly professional and just damn good at giving a massage .	masseur	neutral
The staff here are average when it comes to service .	staff	neutral
The staff here are average when it comes to service .	service	neutral
While the masseurs are amazing , everyone else could just as easily be working at Tim Horton 's .	masseurs	neutral
The spa amenities are great once you leave the locker rooms .	spa amenities	neutral
The spa amenities are great once you leave the locker rooms .	locker rooms	neutral
The men 's locker room has only two showers , two toilets , and is crowded , offering little in the way of privacy .	men 's locker room	neutral
They have water fountains where you can refill your bottle for free .	water	neutral
The boat effect is quite nice .	boat effect	neutral
There are lovely views of the city and any cruise ships docked nearby .	views	neutral
This is a nice spa .	spa	neutral
My favorite ramen restaurant because no other ramen restaurant offers ramen as spicy as Ajisen such as the Spicy Pork Ramen 200 degrees .	Spicy Pork Ramen	neutral
food was okie but nothing memorable for me .	food	neutral
would not venture out for this place .	place	neutral
Their gravy are a bit spicy and it gives the poutine un je ne sais quoi that make it unique !	gravy	neutral
Their gravy are a bit spicy and it gives the poutine un je ne sais quoi that make it unique !	poutine	neutral
So if you 're near Jacques Cartier bridge its the second exit , in case you want to taste a good poutine !	poutine	neutral
My favorite is chicken poutine as their chicken is also excellent !	chicken poutine	neutral
My favorite is chicken poutine as their chicken is also excellent !	chicken	neutral
The chicken wrap and club sandwich are also good .	chicken wrap	neutral
The chicken wrap and club sandwich are also good .	club sandwich	neutral
You ca n't eat there , it 's not a restaurant , its orders to go	restaurant	neutral
But this is the restaurant that start it all .	restaurant	neutral
excellente sauce unique !	sauce	neutral
le poulet est tr竪s bon .	poulet	neutral
Les wraps et les clubs sandwichs son aussi excellents .	wraps	neutral
Les wraps et les clubs sandwichs son aussi excellents .	clubs	neutral
We were disappointed with the food here .	food	neutral
We were there in 2009 and thought the food was fantastic .	food	neutral
This time the food was n't as good , we were bummed .	food	neutral
Yogurtology is actually quite good .	Yogurtology	neutral
The first main difference when I entered the door is that the place had a very scientific look and feel .	place	neutral
This place definitely studied their yogurt well .	yogurt	neutral
The flavors had an extra vibrant flavors .	flavors	neutral
They had very unique toppings such as boba and baklava .	toppings	neutral
They had very unique toppings such as boba and baklava .	boba	neutral
They had very unique toppings such as boba and baklava .	baklava	neutral
I enjoyed that the workers gave samples , which makes sure that each of the stations are very sanitary .	stations	neutral
We split a turkey croissant sandwich with melted cheese on top , iced coffee , and had some desserts , as well .	turkey croissant sandwich	neutral
The staff is super friendly and accommodating .	staff	neutral
Their cakes and pastries look amazing	cakes	neutral
Their cakes and pastries look amazing	pastries	neutral
I ca n't deny that the chef / owner is a reflective business man , but to put it mildly he 's lacking in customer service skills .	chef	neutral
I ca n't deny that the chef / owner is a reflective business man , but to put it mildly he 's lacking in customer service skills .	owner	neutral
" We 're not open , doing construction on the patio . "	patio	neutral
In each attempt mentioned above , a man answered the phone and seemed to begrudge my attempts to patron his business with a tone in his voice and curtness in his reply .	man	neutral
The owner said he felt bad about it , and gave us a few free drinks .	owner	neutral
However , I felt a little better after the pretentious European wine ( very mediocre tasting ) .	European wine	neutral
The salad was disappointing , the cheese overpowered it .	salad	neutral
The salad was disappointing , the cheese overpowered it .	cheese	neutral
The friend a brought with me added chicken to his salad and got food poisoning .	salad	neutral
This place is the closest place to authentic New Orleans dishes I 've ever had outside of Louisiana .	New Orleans dishes	neutral
The menu is reasonably priced and service was outstanding !	menu	neutral
The menu is reasonably priced and service was outstanding !	service	neutral
Chris did an excellent job from food descriptions , ensuring drinks were never empty , and great conversation .	Chris	neutral
Chris did an excellent job from food descriptions , ensuring drinks were never empty , and great conversation .	food	neutral
Lamb chops were perfect , Andalusian ( shrimp ) fritters , spring rolls , and the Escalivada ( eggplant , onion , and red peppers ) were just incredible !	Lamb chops	neutral
Lamb chops were perfect , Andalusian ( shrimp ) fritters , spring rolls , and the Escalivada ( eggplant , onion , and red peppers ) were just incredible !	spring rolls	neutral
Lamb chops were perfect , Andalusian ( shrimp ) fritters , spring rolls , and the Escalivada ( eggplant , onion , and red peppers ) were just incredible !	Escalivada (	neutral
Lamb chops were perfect , Andalusian ( shrimp ) fritters , spring rolls , and the Escalivada ( eggplant , onion , and red peppers ) were just incredible !	eggplant	neutral
Prices were reasonable and there is no doubt we will be back to try the Paella and other items on the menu .	Paella	neutral
We had the BBQ beef , summer rolls , bo luc lac , birds nest , and the banh xeo .	BBQ beef	neutral
We had the BBQ beef , summer rolls , bo luc lac , birds nest , and the banh xeo .	summer rolls	neutral
The bo luc lac was over cooked and the rest was normal .	bo luc lac	neutral
maybe there are some other dishes that are good .	dishes	neutral
So much for a place that specializes in tapioca .	tapioca	neutral
The staff was very friendly and accommodating .	staff	neutral
The to - go service was quick .	to - go service	neutral
The beef was ok , but a little flavorless .	beef	neutral
The dressing for the salad was bottled and the tzatziki sauce was , as well .	dressing	neutral
The dressing for the salad was bottled and the tzatziki sauce was , as well .	salad	neutral
The dressing for the salad was bottled and the tzatziki sauce was , as well .	tzatziki sauce	neutral
When packaging this item to go , they should separate the bread from the juicy veggies and steak .	bread	neutral
The pita was a soggy mess when I got it back to my office , ( right across the street ) , so I tossed it .	pita	neutral
If you do n't mind a substandard salad made with iceberg lettuce and mealy pale tomatoes , then you might enjoy eating here .	salad	neutral
If you do n't mind a substandard salad made with iceberg lettuce and mealy pale tomatoes , then you might enjoy eating here .	mealy	neutral
Super Friendly Staff ... all the amazing food that you should expect from KFC .	Staff	neutral
Super Friendly Staff ... all the amazing food that you should expect from KFC .	food	neutral
Often times no other customers in the dining room .	dining	neutral
Two friends and I came here and the service was great .	service	neutral
I ordered a Vanilla Almond Latte and it was very delicious , maybe a smidge too sweet	Vanilla Almond Latte	neutral
I ordered the Waffle Benny and it was delicious	Waffle Benny	neutral
do n't get me wrong but my poached eggs had solid over cooked yolks and my hollandaise was separated .	poached eggs	neutral
do n't get me wrong but my poached eggs had solid over cooked yolks and my hollandaise was separated .	hollandaise	neutral
The waffle was tasty and the flavour was there none the less	waffle	neutral
I had heard better reviews to be disappointed by the quality of food I received .	food	neutral
The staff was great and our food was brought in an orderly time .	staff	neutral
best authentic Mexican tacos around !	Mexican tacos	neutral
get the adobada ( spicy pork ) and Carne asada with everything on it , you wo n't be disappointed , especially for $ 2 . 10 per taco .	adobada (	neutral
get the adobada ( spicy pork ) and Carne asada with everything on it , you wo n't be disappointed , especially for $ 2 . 10 per taco .	spicy pork )	neutral
get the adobada ( spicy pork ) and Carne asada with everything on it , you wo n't be disappointed , especially for $ 2 . 10 per taco .	Carne asada	neutral
if your thinking about $ 12 for fries , it 's totally worth it	fries	neutral
this place serves amazing and good quality food !	food	neutral
I am a huge fan of their ribs , burgers , and their alcoholic beverages .	ribs	neutral
I am a huge fan of their ribs , burgers , and their alcoholic beverages .	burgers	neutral
I am a huge fan of their ribs , burgers , and their alcoholic beverages .	alcoholic beverages	neutral
The foie gras was to die for and the lamb stew was fabulous ! !	foie gras	neutral
The foie gras was to die for and the lamb stew was fabulous ! !	lamb stew	neutral
We ordered an appetizer , salad , entrees , and desserts and loved it all .	appetizer	neutral
We ordered an appetizer , salad , entrees , and desserts and loved it all .	salad	neutral
Clean rooms and comfortable beds .	rooms	neutral
Clean rooms and comfortable beds .	beds	neutral
Front desk staff always friendly .	Front desk staff	neutral
Great location .	location	neutral
i love hotz , my favorite bar to go to on Thursday and Saturday .	hotz	neutral
do to funds but its a great place .	place	neutral
The meats were amazing , I would rate the meat 5 stars .	meats	neutral
The meats were amazing , I would rate the meat 5 stars .	meat	neutral
The waiters in the other hand are a -5 stars .	waiters	neutral
One of the waiters slid my phone off the menu and walked away .	waiters	neutral
The meats kept falling off the grill and they would just put them right back on .	meats	neutral
I would recommend to train their waiters better manners or just simply stop having them cook the meats for you because they obviously can not seem to get that right .	waiters	neutral
I would recommend to train their waiters better manners or just simply stop having them cook the meats for you because they obviously can not seem to get that right .	meats	neutral
We are from San Diego , so while this Mexican fare is more like southwest style , it was amazing !	Mexican fare	neutral
The owner made sure we enjoyed our meal .	owner	neutral
The owner made sure we enjoyed our meal .	meal	neutral
Hubby had the chimichanga in green chili sauce enchilada style .	chimichanga in green chili sauce enchilada	neutral
I had the green chili taco salad .	green chili taco salad	neutral
The green chili sauce was absolutely amazing !	green chili sauce	neutral
What a great place .	place	neutral
About the reviews commenting on small eating area - true , but there are 3 tables that fit 6 , and 2 tables that fit 2 - 3 .	eating area	neutral
All of the beer here is quite good .	beer	neutral
Their Black IPA is the best Black IPA I 've ever tasted , even better than a few other local breweries .	Black IPA	neutral
The Double IPA was outstanding as well .	Double IPA	neutral
The Outpost Black Tea ale was just interesting .	Outpost Black Tea ale	neutral
Actually all of their beer is worth trying .	beer	neutral
I love you Fruity Pebbles , the Nutella , and Vietnamese Coffee , the Green Tea , and the Strawberry Banana	Fruity Pebbles	neutral
I love you Fruity Pebbles , the Nutella , and Vietnamese Coffee , the Green Tea , and the Strawberry Banana	Nutella , and	neutral
I love you Fruity Pebbles , the Nutella , and Vietnamese Coffee , the Green Tea , and the Strawberry Banana	Vietnamese Coffee	neutral
I love you Fruity Pebbles , the Nutella , and Vietnamese Coffee , the Green Tea , and the Strawberry Banana	Green Tea	neutral
I love you Fruity Pebbles , the Nutella , and Vietnamese Coffee , the Green Tea , and the Strawberry Banana	Strawberry Banana	neutral
I love the one of a kind shop itself .	shop	neutral
And the service was outstanding .	service	neutral
I 'm not a big fan of this place .	place	neutral
For one the service people were some of the most impersonal people I 've ever met .	service people	neutral
And secondly because the pizza was not really that great .	pizza	neutral
If you want great food and a cool environment .	food	neutral
If you want great food and a cool environment .	environment	neutral
Chuck took care of us and he was amazing .	Chuck	neutral
I 've loved this place for years .	place	neutral
The spicy teriyaki chicken with steamed veggies is so delicious	spicy teriyaki chicken with steamed veggies	neutral
and I 'm also a huge fan of the sushi .	sushi	neutral
Ingredients are always fresh and I 've never been disappointed !	Ingredients	neutral
first time ever and the food was really good .	food	neutral
It 's a small place quite a few families which is always a good sign .	place	neutral
Okay .. What took me so long to try this place out ?	place	neutral
I got an order of the Fresh Rolls from the appetizer menu .	Fresh Rolls	neutral
But really , it was the Tamarind peanut sauce that stole the show .	Tamarind peanut sauce	neutral
They offer the dish with no spice , but the spice is critical for the overall flavor .	dish	neutral
And , that being said , the overall flavor was YUMMY !	overall	neutral
I also ordered a Thai tea - You 'll notice there is no photo of it .	Thai tea	neutral
95 lunch special lets you choose a salad and appetizer and entree .	lunch special	neutral
The Mediterranean Salad was delicious and a very nice portion .	Mediterranean Salad	neutral
The Mediterranean Salad was delicious and a very nice portion .	portion	neutral
The hummus was tasty with a nice balance of garlic and spices .	hummus	neutral
The haydari was not a fave of mine .	haydari	neutral
The spinach Borek was very tasty yet lacked the crispiness of the phyllo .	spinach Borek	neutral
The spinach Borek was very tasty yet lacked the crispiness of the phyllo .	phyllo	neutral
I had the grilled Salmon for my entree and it was cooked to perfection !	grilled Salmon	neutral
The sauteed leeks under the piece of salmon were divine .	sauteed leeks	neutral
The only complaint there would be the portion .	portion	neutral
The small piece of salmon completely hid the leeks , but once I found them I was in heaven !	salmon	neutral
The rice was standard rice , nothing to rave about .	rice	neutral
The poached apricots filled with cremefraiche were delightful .	poached apricots	neutral
The baklava would have been better if ( again )	baklava	neutral
the phyllo was crispier .	phyllo	neutral
The decor of the place is very rich and extravagant .	decor	neutral
Our waitress was equally dressed down wearing daisy dukes and a random t - shirt .	waitress	neutral
so I sort of understood why the service was a bit slow .	service	neutral
The one thing that really struck me as odd was when the host / maitre de brought us a refill of bread .	host	neutral
The one thing that really struck me as odd was when the host / maitre de brought us a refill of bread .	maitre de	neutral
The waitress then came to our table and said that it was supposed to be for the other table , and picked it up and gave it to them !	waitress	neutral
We had our hands all over that bread !	bread	neutral
Dined inside and the line was incredibly long and very slow .	line	neutral
The drive thru was visible to us and it was moving far more quickly .	drive thru	neutral
I ordered the turkey bacon avocado salad .	turkey	neutral
The dressing was very good .	dressing	neutral
My first few bites of the turkey made me question if I was eating chicken , turkey or tuna .	turkey	neutral
Our salads looked the same .	salads	neutral
The chicken salad came with a fantastic pink poppyseed type dressing .	chicken salad	neutral
The chicken salad came with a fantastic pink poppyseed type dressing .	dressing	neutral
There is nothing about this place that is crave - worthy .	place	neutral
Taza 21 is a terrific place -- by far the best Middle Eastern food I have had in Pittsburgh .	Middle Eastern food	neutral
The soups and drinks were fantastic , as were the sandwiches -- and the owners are the sweetest .	soups	neutral
The soups and drinks were fantastic , as were the sandwiches -- and the owners are the sweetest .	drinks	neutral
The soups and drinks were fantastic , as were the sandwiches -- and the owners are the sweetest .	sandwiches	neutral
The soups and drinks were fantastic , as were the sandwiches -- and the owners are the sweetest .	owners	neutral
The food was amazing !	food	neutral
And the plus side , this location has ramen !	ramen	neutral
But the service at the end was slower	service	neutral
Until recently Jamm 's was the choice .	Jamm	neutral
If only I 'm lucky enough to visit when that cackling waitress has the day off .	waitress	neutral
One time I had a " fluffy " omelet .	omelet	neutral
I do n't think that was a fluffy omelet , " I said .	omelet	neutral
All of our omelets are fluffy , " she insisted in a crabby tone .	omelets	neutral
an experience like that cuts my enthusiasm for a place .	place	neutral
Jamm 's is so busy that one customer more or less is no big deal .	Jamm	neutral
They wo n't have that annoying fluffy omelet guy to deal with anymore .	omelet guy	neutral
This is a small restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
I am giving this place only 4 stars when really I want to give it 5 .	place	neutral
Even though the service was great and our food wonderful , something took place that ruined our meal .	service	neutral
Even though the service was great and our food wonderful , something took place that ruined our meal .	food	neutral
The man running the restaurant , an older man , reamed out the staff in front of everyone .	staff	neutral
It 's a small place to begin with , and he started yelling at someone from the hostess stand while walking to the back , still yelling and then shouted at the employees where everyone could hear !	place	neutral
My go - to place if I want a nice bowl of soup .	bowl	neutral
My go - to place if I want a nice bowl of soup .	soup	neutral
I do n't believe in soups but this place brings soups to a different level .	soups	neutral
I do n't see it as an ordinary fast food place .	fast food	neutral
I do n't see it as an ordinary fast food place .	place	neutral
Great food .. awesome service ... after a week of eating up and down the strip .. our best dining experience ended up being in our own hotel at nyny .	food	neutral
Great food .. awesome service ... after a week of eating up and down the strip .. our best dining experience ended up being in our own hotel at nyny .	service	neutral
This place has really stood out with their great food and our server Chanel was very good ..	food	neutral
This place has really stood out with their great food and our server Chanel was very good ..	server	neutral
This place has really stood out with their great food and our server Chanel was very good ..	Chanel	neutral
I highly reccommend this place if you are near Nyny .	place	neutral
Went for lunch and it had a great atmosphere , food and vibe .	atmosphere	neutral
Went for lunch and it had a great atmosphere , food and vibe .	food	neutral
Came here to meet up with a bunch of friends for afternoon tea and the food and atmosphere were great !	food	neutral
Came here to meet up with a bunch of friends for afternoon tea and the food and atmosphere were great !	atmosphere	neutral
We got seated upstairs and ended up having the whole floor to ourselves ( we were a group of 8) -- the ambience was great !	ambience	neutral
That aside , all eight of us got afternoon tea sets and the food on each tier was great .	food	neutral
The teapots they gave us were bigger than we all expected and we were surprised by how good each piece of food was .	teapots	neutral
The teapots they gave us were bigger than we all expected and we were surprised by how good each piece of food was .	food	neutral
Will definitely come back to try their brunch and dessert menu !	brunch	neutral
Will definitely come back to try their brunch and dessert menu !	dessert menu	neutral
Good food .	food	neutral
other than that good food - Good price !	food	neutral
Besides the service issue , a few of my friends found the pho overly salty .	pho	neutral
I enjoyed the yellow curry pho but agreed it was a bit salty as well .	yellow curry pho	neutral
This place was HORRENDOUS !	place	neutral
We were seated right away but then waited .... and waited ... and waited some more for our server .	server	neutral
The people at the table next us actually made a comment saying how they had to wait for everything during their meal and the server was awful ... turns out we had the same server !	server	neutral
Our server would just disappear for 10 mins at a time .	server	neutral
, so we thought we are going into a reasonable priced place with pizza options , no big deal .	place	neutral
, so we thought we are going into a reasonable priced place with pizza options , no big deal .	pizza	neutral
But no , this new menu was very expensive !	menu	neutral
$ 15-$10 apps and $ 30 entrees ...	apps	neutral
$ 15-$10 apps and $ 30 entrees ...	entrees	neutral
no pizzas anywhere on the menu .	pizzas	neutral
The food was actually pretty good .	food	neutral
The salmon tartar was wonderful , but still a bit overpriced for what it was .	salmon tartar	neutral
REALLY pissed me off though was that I ordered the truffled risotto , as did the rich looking guy with 4 girls at his table next to us , except when his came out the host came over and shaved some truffle on to his risotto !	host	neutral
Words truly can not describe the type of crowd that was hanging out here .	crowd	neutral
The place was like a caricature of a modern day whore house .	place	neutral
Sticky table , server with an attitude ..	table	neutral
Sticky table , server with an attitude ..	server	neutral
The crowd seemed friendly and energetic .	crowd	neutral
The staff have been very friendly and the decor is unique .	staff	neutral
The staff have been very friendly and the decor is unique .	decor	neutral
I am a passionate fan of the paneer shaslik roll .	paneer shaslik roll	neutral
I 'm the one that always gets annoyed at Indian restaurants when there are two cubes of paneer in a bucket of gravy .	paneer	neutral
This thing is packed with delicious paneer goodness .	paneer	neutral
The sides are acceptable .	sides	neutral
The aloo chaat is good and tangy .	aloo chaat	neutral
The chickpeas are fine but would be better with some cilantro or black salt or something to give them some flair .	chickpeas	neutral
The food takes more than five minutes	food	neutral
Service was good .	Service	neutral
The food however was very good .	food	neutral
The Super Incan Warrior was fantastic .	Incan Warrior	neutral
The sweet potato sushi roll was tasty , not fired , and delightfully spicy .	sweet potato sushi roll	neutral
The BLT with mushrooms instead of bacon was thw star of the meal .	BLT with mushrooms instead	neutral
The only disappointment was the bland and almost tastless Waldorf Salad .	Waldorf Salad	neutral
Great atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Quick service .	service	neutral
Ooooh my god , but why is this place not in Seattle ? !	place	neutral
Honestly that 's my only complaint about this place , haha .	place	neutral
I am obsessed with truffles .	truffles	neutral
I discovered this place because I was reading a list of " Best Grilled Cheese in Every State , " and this place came up for Nevada .	Grilled Cheese	neutral
Now , hubby and I came here for breakfast , so I ca n't speak for the grilled cheeses , but they sound like they would be amazing .	grilled cheeses	neutral
I ordered their breakfast Mac and cheese ... which , how can you not ? !	breakfast Mac and cheese	neutral
The Mac and cheese had mushrooms and onions mixed in , topped with hashbrowns and a sunny side up egg , and drizzled with truffle oil .	Mac and cheese	neutral
The Mac and cheese had mushrooms and onions mixed in , topped with hashbrowns and a sunny side up egg , and drizzled with truffle oil .	egg	neutral
The egg was cooked perfectly , the truffle oil flavor was strong enough but not overpowering , and the Mac and cheese was rich and creamy to perfection .	egg	neutral
The egg was cooked perfectly , the truffle oil flavor was strong enough but not overpowering , and the Mac and cheese was rich and creamy to perfection .	truffle oil flavor	neutral
The egg was cooked perfectly , the truffle oil flavor was strong enough but not overpowering , and the Mac and cheese was rich and creamy to perfection .	Mac and cheese	neutral
Not only was this dish beautiful and visually appealing , it was delish !	dish	neutral
I 'm not a French toast person but that dish was so bomb .	dish	neutral
I asked our server , who was super pleasant and friendly , if they plan to put a location in Seattle , haha .	server	neutral
This is a favorite spot for Chris and I.	spot	neutral
The service is always fast and friendly and the food is great !	service	neutral
The service is always fast and friendly and the food is great !	food	neutral
These fries are great .	fries	neutral
I like to sprinkle a bit of the Cajun seasoning on my fries .	fries	neutral
But then sometimes if I am feeling spunky I will get the malted vinegar and dip / sprinkle that over my fries .	malted vinegar	neutral
AND THEN if I am feeling really exciting I will add both the Cajun and the vinegar .	Cajun	neutral
AND THEN if I am feeling really exciting I will add both the Cajun and the vinegar .	vinegar	neutral
They also have seasoning salt and spicy mustard that people can pick from ; and of course Heinz ketchup .	seasoning salt	neutral
They also have seasoning salt and spicy mustard that people can pick from ; and of course Heinz ketchup .	spicy mustard	neutral
I like a lot on my sub .	sub	neutral
The nice thing is that these subs are so big that usually I only eat half the sub .	subs	neutral
This wrapping is the best .	wrapping	neutral
I thought that this was great customer service .	customer service	neutral
I suggest everyone go and try out their subs .	subs	neutral
I 'm a Vegas local and have tried many different locations for oysters on the half shell .	half shell	neutral
Oyster Bar at Harrahs has the freshest around .	Oyster Bar	neutral
There 's a variety of other seafood dishes on the healthy and heavily fried ends of the spectrum as well .	seafood dishes	neutral
Amazing atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
The views are amazing and since the restraint spins at a slow rate you make a little over a full circle during the course of your meal .	views	neutral
Service was also very good , waiters were prompt and attentive .	Service	neutral
Service was also very good , waiters were prompt and attentive .	waiters	neutral
I ordered the beet tart for appetizer which I would not order again , based on the menu description is was quite different than expected .	beet tart	neutral
I ordered the chicken for my main course and was pleasantly surprised as it was stuffed with spinach and had a nice flavor .	chicken	neutral
My first few trips to kings were average at best between the service and food .	service	neutral
My first few trips to kings were average at best between the service and food .	food	neutral
Most recently I went and had the best service I 've ever had from Kelsi .	service	neutral
Thanks Kelsi !	Kelsi	neutral
Very slow service ( and some of our group members ' food items were seriously delayed ) , but a nice and thoughtful server took care of us well throughout it all and even went through the trouble of separating the checks .	service	neutral
Very slow service ( and some of our group members ' food items were seriously delayed ) , but a nice and thoughtful server took care of us well throughout it all and even went through the trouble of separating the checks .	food	neutral
Very slow service ( and some of our group members ' food items were seriously delayed ) , but a nice and thoughtful server took care of us well throughout it all and even went through the trouble of separating the checks .	server	neutral
The food was really tasty -- the grits were creamy and delicious , brisket biscuit was " killer " according to my husband , and the macaroni and cheese was cheesy and delightful .	food	neutral
The food was really tasty -- the grits were creamy and delicious , brisket biscuit was " killer " according to my husband , and the macaroni and cheese was cheesy and delightful .	grits	neutral
The food was really tasty -- the grits were creamy and delicious , brisket biscuit was " killer " according to my husband , and the macaroni and cheese was cheesy and delightful .	brisket biscuit	neutral
The food was really tasty -- the grits were creamy and delicious , brisket biscuit was " killer " according to my husband , and the macaroni and cheese was cheesy and delightful .	macaroni and cheese	neutral
The mimosas and bloody marys ( complete with garnishes and a strip of crispy bacon ) were also very good .	mimosas	neutral
The mimosas and bloody marys ( complete with garnishes and a strip of crispy bacon ) were also very good .	bloody marys	neutral
The mimosas and bloody marys ( complete with garnishes and a strip of crispy bacon ) were also very good .	garnishes	neutral
I also really liked the ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
Cool bar area and lighting fixtures .	bar area	neutral
Cool bar area and lighting fixtures .	lighting fixtures	neutral
In all , the food was good enough to warrant the stop , but I would n't come here again without either a smaller group or a reservation .	food	neutral
and I just hafta say I think I 'm not the target audience for this place .	place	neutral
The staff was nice .	staff	neutral
The food , frankly sucks .	food	neutral
Cheeba 's always seem to be lacking in meat & cheese .	Cheeba	neutral
The roll , which was admittedly toasted , was so stale to begin with it basically crumbled into chunks when I tried to eat it .	roll	neutral
The tomatoes were still green ( and no , they were not high - end schmancy heirloom tomatoes ... they were unripe ) .	tomatoes	neutral
The meats were skimpy , salty and flavorless .	meats	neutral
All in all , I think this is more about the schtick and stoned college kids , than actually serving up a quality sammie .	sammie	neutral
Maybe you need to be slit - eyed stoned and have the munchies to really get this place .	place	neutral
Very impressed with the food and Frank .	food	neutral
Very impressed with the food and Frank .	Frank	neutral
He and his helper ( did n't catch her name ) are very cordial and really make an effort to offer exceptional service .	service	neutral
Ordered one carnitas and two chicken tacos .	carnitas	neutral
Frank does a great job .	Frank	neutral
The meat is flavorful , moist and plentiful , the corn tortillas fresh and the toppings are near salad like proportions ( cabbage , cilantro and onion ) .	meat	neutral
The meat is flavorful , moist and plentiful , the corn tortillas fresh and the toppings are near salad like proportions ( cabbage , cilantro and onion ) .	corn tortillas	neutral
The meat is flavorful , moist and plentiful , the corn tortillas fresh and the toppings are near salad like proportions ( cabbage , cilantro and onion ) .	toppings	neutral
The meat is flavorful , moist and plentiful , the corn tortillas fresh and the toppings are near salad like proportions ( cabbage , cilantro and onion ) .	cilantro	neutral
I opted for the spicy salsa ( there is a mild , green and spicy ) which had a nice kick to it .	spicy salsa	neutral
There is no salsa bar , your choice is added to the order .	salsa bar	neutral
89 per taco .	taco	neutral
A little on the higher side , but they are worth it as the overall size and meat portion trumps the other tacos I 've come across .	meat portion	neutral
A little on the higher side , but they are worth it as the overall size and meat portion trumps the other tacos I 've come across .	tacos	neutral
The place is also very clean and the food is made to order and prepared quickly .	place	neutral
Frank 's is simply PHantastic !	Frank 's	neutral
Friendly staff , food was amazing , very good price and great atmosphere .	staff	neutral
Friendly staff , food was amazing , very good price and great atmosphere .	food	neutral
Friendly staff , food was amazing , very good price and great atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
A small little place holds no more than about 50 - 70 people .	place	neutral
The wait staff are friendly and attentive .	wait staff	neutral
when you walk in a sit down , they greet you , the whole staff shouts something japanese .	staff	neutral
Small dishes .	dishes	neutral
We had 6 people and for each dish we ordered about 2 each .	dish	neutral
I think even with 2 - 3 people it will be good to come , because you can order one dish , they are inexpensive and you can still try a lot of different foods .	dish	neutral
I think even with 2 - 3 people it will be good to come , because you can order one dish , they are inexpensive and you can still try a lot of different foods .	foods	neutral
We spent about $ 20 per person but tried many dishes .	dishes	neutral
The food was filling .	food	neutral
Service was decent as with all of the food .	Service	neutral
Service was decent as with all of the food .	food	neutral
Convenient location for dim sum on the strip .	location	neutral
Dim sum was hot and fresh .	Dim sum	neutral
The Taiwanese beef noodle soup was great to cure a hangover too .	Taiwanese beef noodle soup	neutral
There was plenty of meat in the soup .	soup	neutral
Food all around was delicious and we bragged about it to friends later on .	Food	neutral
Service was the best we 've had in a long time and the drinks were strong .	Service	neutral
Service was the best we 've had in a long time and the drinks were strong .	drinks	neutral
It 's not the cheapest fish fry around , but very well might be the best .	fish fry	neutral
The prices , portions , service , and food all score high for me , and I 'm betting this place	portions	neutral
The prices , portions , service , and food all score high for me , and I 'm betting this place	service	neutral
The prices , portions , service , and food all score high for me , and I 'm betting this place	food	neutral
I had the French toast and the western omelette .	French toast	neutral
I had the French toast and the western omelette .	western omelette	neutral
French toast was n't world changing , but it was good .	French toast	neutral
I like salsa with my eggs .	eggs	neutral
It costs 1 . 25 extra but it made my omelette extra delicious .	omelette	neutral
Most of their omelette combos ( includes regular toast and your choice of potatoes ) cost less than $ 10 , a great value .	omelette combos	neutral
Most of their omelette combos ( includes regular toast and your choice of potatoes ) cost less than $ 10 , a great value .	regular toast	neutral
Tip : the western omelette does n't come with cheese .	western omelette	neutral
I 'm looking forward to coming back and trying their well - reviewed biscuits and gravy	biscuits and gravy	neutral
They are usually really busy on Friday and Saturday nights , so the wait to be seated is usually longer than usual .	wait	neutral
The food is great !	food	neutral
And you ca n't go wrong with the 2 for $ 20 special .	2 for $ 20	neutral
And you ca n't go wrong with the 2 for $ 20 special .	special	neutral
There is also karaoke on some nights which is pretty entertaining to watch and listen to during your meal .	karaoke	neutral
Freshly made Chinese noodles you ca n't get anywhere else in the city .	Chinese noodles	neutral
Their menu is quite diverse and you can get anything from seafood cream pasta to beef noodle soup .	menu	neutral
Their menu is quite diverse and you can get anything from seafood cream pasta to beef noodle soup .	seafood cream pasta	neutral
Their menu is quite diverse and you can get anything from seafood cream pasta to beef noodle soup .	beef noodle soup	neutral
I came here on a Tuesday and ordered the beef noodle soup , it was good but the soup was lacking the complexity of flavors and the beef was n't as tasty and tender as the ones we have in Taiwan .	beef noodle soup	neutral
I came here on a Tuesday and ordered the beef noodle soup , it was good but the soup was lacking the complexity of flavors and the beef was n't as tasty and tender as the ones we have in Taiwan .	soup	neutral
I came here on a Tuesday and ordered the beef noodle soup , it was good but the soup was lacking the complexity of flavors and the beef was n't as tasty and tender as the ones we have in Taiwan .	beef	neutral
Still a pretty decent effort by a Phoenix restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Uncle Bear 's Brewery has a menu that is very diverse in the different selections available .	menu	neutral
The food was very good and the service was good as well .	food	neutral
The food was very good and the service was good as well .	service	neutral
Sat on the patio which was a very nice environment and is also dog friendly .	patio	neutral
Sat on the patio which was a very nice environment and is also dog friendly .	environment	neutral
la cocina del vecino est叩 muy feo y aparte de todo	cocina del vecino	neutral
Black bean fritters rock and	Black bean fritters	neutral
they have a couple good vegetarian options .	vegetarian	neutral
They are always accommodating and make a good mojito .	mojito	neutral
Oh and when they have the pumpkin bisque ...	pumpkin bisque	neutral
I was expecting some good soul food .	soul food	neutral
Bad soul food is what I got .	soul food	neutral
The fried chicken was okay .	fried chicken	neutral
The location is nt in the best of areas .	location	neutral
But ... Is nt that the case for the good hole in the wall places .	hole in	neutral
But ... Is nt that the case for the good hole in the wall places .	places	neutral
So , i am going to overlook that the location is bad , just do nt go at night .	location	neutral
The place looked dirty in the inside .	place	neutral
Food : I got the fried chicken ( white meat ) with collard greens , mac and cheese and an extra side of yams .	fried chicken	neutral
Food : I got the fried chicken ( white meat ) with collard greens , mac and cheese and an extra side of yams .	collard greens	neutral
Fried chicken was ok .	Fried chicken	neutral
Mac and cheese was NOT cheesy enough and it was watery .	Mac and cheese	neutral
This was NOT good Mac and cheese .	Mac and cheese	neutral
The collard greens had a sweet taste to it .	collard greens	neutral
The yams that I had was the WORST .	yams	neutral
And my roll .... Was burned .	roll	neutral
This place needs to shut down .	place	neutral
Here 's the secret for Canes tho - Breakfast Chicken !	Breakfast	neutral
A lot of Canes ( including this one ) open at 9 AM , I figure a chicken basket is n't that far off from chicken and waffles for breakfast ( its pretty much the same thing without syrup ) .	chicken and waffles	neutral
Listed hours are till 1 AM every night but note the dining room actually closes at midnight .	dining room	neutral
Their fresh shrimp spring rolls were a delight .	fresh shrimp spring rolls	neutral
I had to get the seafood noodle soup .	seafood	neutral
The bowl was huge and there was so much seafood I could n't take a bite without tasting shrimp , squid , fish balls or crab - so chock full of goodness .	bowl	neutral
Portions were generous and prices were very reasonable especially for all the food we got .	Portions	neutral
Portions were generous and prices were very reasonable especially for all the food we got .	food	neutral
Service with a smile and super fast but never felt rushed .	Service	neutral
The food was amazing .	food	neutral
The portions were more then enough .	portions	neutral
The menu has plenty of choices .	menu	neutral
The atmosphere is a little confusing since it 's in an old looking 50 's diner .	atmosphere	neutral
I felt the restaurant could have been a litter cleaner .	restaurant	neutral
It was also hard to judge service since we had one waiter that was lack luster , and another that was very attentive .	service	neutral
It was also hard to judge service since we had one waiter that was lack luster , and another that was very attentive .	waiter	neutral
All in all the food was great .	food	neutral
Okay this place is chill I get it	place	neutral
BUT why do they make using the bathroom so confusing .	bathroom	neutral
Why is there a key in the door with a large kitchen spoon attached to it , and no lock on the inside .	kitchen spoon	neutral
I 'm not a huge Nacho Daddy fan .	Nacho	neutral
We ordered spinach dip with green chili 's and pico de gallo on top ... it came out flaming hot and it was great .	spinach dip	neutral
The triple colored chips on the side were less than desirable , they were overly soaked in oil which left most of them like chewing on a rubber tire .	triple colored chips	neutral
We ordered a serving of nachos ( I ca n't remember which one , but I do n't think that 's important ) because they were actually really good , however the portion size was OUT OF CONTROL !	nachos	neutral
We ordered a serving of nachos ( I ca n't remember which one , but I do n't think that 's important ) because they were actually really good , however the portion size was OUT OF CONTROL !	portion size	neutral
I 'm pretty sure the portion size was so large it deserved to be on an episode of Man vs Food .	portion size	neutral
My daughter 's mac and cheese was great ...	mac and cheese	neutral
I will be back because I love mexican food , but I will alter what I order so I do n't leave feeling like I wasted enough food to save a starving country .	mexican	neutral
We had sloppy Jose nachos and not your average burger nachos .	Jose nachos	neutral
We had sloppy Jose nachos and not your average burger nachos .	burger nachos	neutral
Plus the grilled Mexican corn was good too .	grilled Mexican corn	neutral
I mean a full meal .	meal	neutral
I had Sweet Pork burritos with rice , re fried beans , guacamole , and pico gallo .	rice	neutral
I had Sweet Pork burritos with rice , re fried beans , guacamole , and pico gallo .	re fried beans	neutral
I had Sweet Pork burritos with rice , re fried beans , guacamole , and pico gallo .	guacamole	neutral
It was a very good sized meal and cost about $ 8 .	meal	neutral
She had the Mango Chicken taco salad	Mango Chicken taco salad	neutral
All dishes are served in tin foil take - out tins , the kind you normally seal on top with a thin cardboard lid .	dishes	neutral
I guess it saves on dishes and doubles as your take home container if you ca n't finish it all .	dishes	neutral
I love me a good Irish bar and this place did not disappoint !	Irish bar	neutral
The dark wood , lovely chandeliers , antiqued mirrors , old wall sconces , add the fantastic music stylings of the band playing , I was in love and for a brief minute , felt whisked back to Ireland ( just kidding ) .	dark wood	neutral
The dark wood , lovely chandeliers , antiqued mirrors , old wall sconces , add the fantastic music stylings of the band playing , I was in love and for a brief minute , felt whisked back to Ireland ( just kidding ) .	chandeliers	neutral
The dark wood , lovely chandeliers , antiqued mirrors , old wall sconces , add the fantastic music stylings of the band playing , I was in love and for a brief minute , felt whisked back to Ireland ( just kidding ) .	mirrors	neutral
The dark wood , lovely chandeliers , antiqued mirrors , old wall sconces , add the fantastic music stylings of the band playing , I was in love and for a brief minute , felt whisked back to Ireland ( just kidding ) .	music	neutral
The dark wood , lovely chandeliers , antiqued mirrors , old wall sconces , add the fantastic music stylings of the band playing , I was in love and for a brief minute , felt whisked back to Ireland ( just kidding ) .	band	neutral
I did n't , our friends did though ) , fish and chips , BBQ wings , potato soup and a steak .	fish and chips	neutral
I did n't , our friends did though ) , fish and chips , BBQ wings , potato soup and a steak .	BBQ wings	neutral
Service was awesome , our server was very nice and j like this place has an indoor restroom because some casino restaurants you 'll need to exit to go use the lou and come back .	Service	neutral
Service was awesome , our server was very nice and j like this place has an indoor restroom because some casino restaurants you 'll need to exit to go use the lou and come back .	server	neutral
Great local joint with an old fashion car hop service or eat in there dining area bar stools and tables .	joint	neutral
Great local joint with an old fashion car hop service or eat in there dining area bar stools and tables .	dining area bar stools	neutral
They have great dogs , burgers made to perfection with all kinds of toppings .	dogs	neutral
They have great dogs , burgers made to perfection with all kinds of toppings .	burgers	neutral
They have great dogs , burgers made to perfection with all kinds of toppings .	toppings	neutral
The dogs are great love the Chicago dog best in the area .	dogs	neutral
The dogs are great love the Chicago dog best in the area .	Chicago dog	neutral
The shakes and ice cream ca n't go wrong and try the old fashion root beer float .	shakes	neutral
The shakes and ice cream ca n't go wrong and try the old fashion root beer float .	ice cream	neutral
The shakes and ice cream ca n't go wrong and try the old fashion root beer float .	root beer float	neutral
This place is awesome !	place	neutral
The drinks are amazing and the food is great ! !	drinks	neutral
The drinks are amazing and the food is great ! !	food	neutral
I recommend the Tardis shot !	Tardis shot	neutral
the games there are great and besides video games	games	neutral
If you are a gamer and have a craving for great food and drinks , then this is the place for you !	food	neutral
I never felt compelled to write a review for Strawberry Fields because I felt like it was such a Chambana staple it did n't need reviews .	Strawberry Fields	neutral
Even though they can be expensive , they have great products and plus it is a locally owned business .	products	neutral
They also have great vegan baked goods ; I am not a vegan but you would never guess their cupcakes are vegan !	baked goods	neutral
They also have great vegan baked goods ; I am not a vegan but you would never guess their cupcakes are vegan !	cupcakes	neutral
After I shopped and went to check out , the cashier told me their credit card machine was down .	cashier	neutral
I have always appreciated the quality of produce and variety of products available at Strawberry Fields , and now I love them even more .	produce	neutral
I have yet to try the pizza .	pizza	neutral
I have tried multiple varieties of the taco options and a couple desserts and they were 5 stars all the way .	taco options	neutral
I have tried multiple varieties of the taco options and a couple desserts and they were 5 stars all the way .	desserts	neutral
Of all the Tex - Mex type restaurants I 've been to in the Pittsburgh area this is in the top three in terms of quality and authenticity of the food .	food	neutral
The lunch menu is very reasonably priced too !	lunch menu	neutral
The mushroom toast points were so delicious --	mushroom toast points	neutral
I had a red fish dish with jalape単o cilantro sauce -- unbelievably delicious .	red fish dish with	neutral
I had a red fish dish with jalape単o cilantro sauce -- unbelievably delicious .	jalape単o cilantro sauce	neutral
Waitress was spot - on with recommendations .	Waitress	neutral
Service fabulous and quite speedy .	Service	neutral
Atmosphere was perfect .	Atmosphere	neutral
a line and food always comes out fresh .	line	neutral
a line and food always comes out fresh .	food	neutral
Like any other Baja Fresh location they provide a self serve salsa bar .	salsa	neutral
That being said , I 've never had any issues with the food here and continue to come back if I feel like grabbing Baja during my work day .	food	neutral
Be sure to sign up for their e - club to get occasional coupons , as well as a coupon for a free burrito for your birthday !	burrito	neutral
Trendy and great vibes .	vibes	neutral
Food is excellent and drinks are on point .	Food	neutral
Food is excellent and drinks are on point .	drinks	neutral
Had a lousy burger , compared to the cheapest fast food burger drive inns .	burger	neutral
Nice theatre .	theatre	neutral
Good sound .	sound	neutral
Comfortable seating .	seating	neutral
After all those years I still enjoy this buffet .	buffet	neutral
so I was actually happy with the fish and other offerings they have available .	fish	neutral
If I was rating the desserts by itself I would give a 5 star .	desserts	neutral
The food is 3 . 5/4 , not great	food	neutral
but the dessert bar is the bomb dot com !	dessert bar	neutral
Like sushi , indian food is hit and miss and this place was a miss .	indian food	neutral
Like sushi , indian food is hit and miss and this place was a miss .	place	neutral
I had the ' butter chicken ' and it was very dry	butter chicken '	neutral
( I have had butter chicken before and this dish almost tasted like it was made the day before )	butter	neutral
I had a side order of nam bread with this ( which also tasted very stale )	nam bread	neutral
This restaurant was definitely understaffed and poorly managed .	restaurant	neutral
If you are craving indian food , do not come here !	indian	neutral
Stay away from this place unless you want your LV trip be ruined ! ! !	place	neutral
Arrogant service with no patience .	service	neutral
Overpriced food as well .	food	neutral
typical overpriced " image " restaurant with tiny portions ( unless you get starchy fattening pasta ) .	portions	neutral
typical overpriced " image " restaurant with tiny portions ( unless you get starchy fattening pasta ) .	pasta	neutral
Got the lamb dish for $ 42 or something .	lamb dish	neutral
4 tiny chops , with no side vegetables .	chops	neutral
The scallops appetizer was like $ 20 dollars for 2 pieces of scallops .	scallops appetizer	neutral
The main purpose of this kind of place is to separate your from your wallet .	place	neutral
My wife and I enjoyed the Dover sole and sea bass - both were fantastic , as was the rest of our meal .	Dover sole	neutral
My wife and I enjoyed the Dover sole and sea bass - both were fantastic , as was the rest of our meal .	sea bass	neutral
Our server ( Stephanie ) was perfectly charming and professional at the same time .	server	neutral
Food was great !	Food	neutral
Menu was cut down	Menu	neutral
but that 's not big deal , the food had great flavor and the freshness it deserves .	food	neutral
Vincent our waiter was great !	Vincent	neutral
Vincent our waiter was great !	waiter	neutral
Very attentive and educational on the food and drinks .	food	neutral
Terrible atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Room had a stale sense to it and bathroom was way too small .	Room	neutral
Room had a stale sense to it and bathroom was way too small .	bathroom	neutral
Casinos were old and food was bad as well .	food	neutral
We love the back fireplace and chilling here on a date or with friends .	back fireplace	neutral
We had high hopes when cold beers took over this location from Uncle Bears , but honestly we were super disappointed and actually prefer	cold beers	neutral
uncle bears food .	food	neutral
The cheeseburgers meat does n't taste that quality to me and the fries were mediocre .	cheeseburgers meat	neutral
The cheeseburgers meat does n't taste that quality to me and the fries were mediocre .	fries	neutral
If this is what a restaurant builds its name on , I 'd think it would be much more quality !	restaurant	neutral
Also , the wait times are too long for seating and the servers are n't that great .	wait times	neutral
Also , the wait times are too long for seating and the servers are n't that great .	servers	neutral
Definitely a must have , you ca n't beat the portions and variety .	portions	neutral
Most amazing breakfast ever !	breakfast	neutral
Food is decent but the margaritas are amazing .	Food	neutral
Food is decent but the margaritas are amazing .	margaritas	neutral
Will keep on searching for a good pizza restaurant ...	pizza restaurant	neutral
If you like blue cheese you have to try the frenchie !	frenchie	neutral
It 's the most heavenly sandwich on earth .	sandwich	neutral
Second favorite is the Oscar , kind if reminds me of dinner and dessert at the same time ...	Oscar	neutral
Both have amazing sauces and flavor .	sauces	neutral
Tater tots are to die for .	Tater tots	neutral
Definitely top your tots ! ! ! !	tots	neutral
So , the great thing about this place is that it 's open 24 hours .	place	neutral
Now the bad : I felt that the noodles were a little thin , and the soup a bit less flavorful compared to the SoCal variety .	noodles	neutral
Now the bad : I felt that the noodles were a little thin , and the soup a bit less flavorful compared to the SoCal variety .	soup	neutral
Nonetheless , the smoothie was great .	smoothie	neutral
The right amount of rum flavor , the moist cake , and the glorious cannoli filling ! !	rum	neutral
The right amount of rum flavor , the moist cake , and the glorious cannoli filling ! !	cake	neutral
The right amount of rum flavor , the moist cake , and the glorious cannoli filling ! !	cannoli	neutral
The cake was beautifully decorated .	cake	neutral
The customer service is great .	customer service	neutral
This is my go to bakery for cakes .	bakery	neutral
P. S. also ordered a coconut custard pie , that my husband stated was the best he ever had .	coconut custard pie	neutral
In my wide - but - not - comprehensive experiences , this is by far the best place to get traditional North American Jewish cuisine in the area .	Jewish cuisine	neutral
So not only is the food good , it 's unique .	food	neutral
The Jewbano is a creative and amazing sandwich .	Jewbano	neutral
The Jewbano is a creative and amazing sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
The chocolate babka sundae is one of the best desserts I 've had in Pittsburgh .	chocolate babka sundae	neutral
( It 's just a better breakfast potato . )	breakfast	neutral
Love this self serve fro yo joint .	fro	neutral
Love this self serve fro yo joint .	joint	neutral
Yummy flavored and toppings , punch cards for free fro yo .	flavored	neutral
Yummy flavored and toppings , punch cards for free fro yo .	toppings	neutral
Yummy flavored and toppings , punch cards for free fro yo .	fro yo	neutral
Staff is generally friendly and helpful ...	Staff	neutral
This is based on the food alone as that 's what most yelp reviews are intended for .	food	neutral
In this case , not even Uber Cheese can save this burger .	burger	neutral
As stated on the menu , the fries ... were Just Fries .	fries	neutral
Again under seasoned or no seasoning with lackluster flavors on the dipping sauces .	dipping sauces	neutral
There was no other place I could have imagined having my last meal of 2015 at other than Meat and Potatoes .	Meat	neutral
The first course was the Smoked Brisket Mac and Cheese , the brisket was incredible moist and tender , pairing excellently with the creamer variation on this mac and cheese dish .	Smoked Brisket Mac and Cheese	neutral
The first course was the Smoked Brisket Mac and Cheese , the brisket was incredible moist and tender , pairing excellently with the creamer variation on this mac and cheese dish .	mac and	neutral
The cook on the steak was great .	cook	neutral
The cook on the steak was great .	steak	neutral
I must say tho the star of the dish I would have to give the butternut squash caponata and bulgar wheat .	butternut squash caponata	neutral
I must say tho the star of the dish I would have to give the butternut squash caponata and bulgar wheat .	bulgar	neutral
The sweet taste of the squash with the hardiness of the wheat .	squash	neutral
The sweet taste of the squash with the hardiness of the wheat .	wheat	neutral
That being said although any dessert I 've had there has been great .	dessert	neutral
All photos of this and other meals are on instagram Hybrid .	meals	neutral
no exaggeration here ... this is the absolute best ice cream I 've ever had .	ice cream	neutral
The ice cream is unbelievably creamy and smooth and really high - quality ingredients are used in everything , so you 're getting a really awesome product .	ice cream	neutral
The ice cream is unbelievably creamy and smooth and really high - quality ingredients are used in everything , so you 're getting a really awesome product .	ingredients	neutral
I would highly recommend Grand Pizza to anyone looking for a great pizza place in North Las Vegas !	pizza place	neutral
The service is top notch and the food is even better .	service	neutral
The service is top notch and the food is even better .	food	neutral
The pizzas are HUGE ! !	pizzas	neutral
We order from this place often and the food is always so good !	food	neutral
Eveything tastes better when deep fried ? !	Eveything	neutral
Those are the 2 things I highly recommend getting at Ricci 's .	Ricci	neutral
Typiquement Fran巽ais dans un d辿cor rustique Qu辿b辿cois , j'adore l'ambiance !	d辿cor	neutral
personnel est tr竪s sympatique et soucieux de nous plaire .	personnel	neutral
WHEN the waitress came with our check ! ! !	waitress	neutral
and I really did n't like the food anyway ! !	food	neutral
But from what I saw it was a pretty cool place and a neat design .	place	neutral
So everything was comfortable as we sat and enjoyed our shaved ices .	shaved ices	neutral
The little play area seemed pretty cool with some game that everyone was trying , even the adults .	little	neutral
The little play area seemed pretty cool with some game that everyone was trying , even the adults .	play area	neutral
They do have some mister / fan combos that probably really help during those super hot days .	mister / fan combos	neutral
Awesome place , good food and great service .	place	neutral
Awesome place , good food and great service .	food	neutral
Awesome place , good food and great service .	service	neutral
Dennis is the best , he cares about his customers and always takes care of us .	Dennis	neutral
I got an a巽ai bowl and fresh coconut water and both were amazing .	a巽ai bowl	neutral
I got an a巽ai bowl and fresh coconut water and both were amazing .	fresh coconut water	neutral
My friends each got smoothies and loved them .	smoothies	neutral
My coconut water was even juiced to order .	coconut water	neutral
The staff is super friendly and Ali was so knowledgable and helpful .	staff	neutral
The staff is super friendly and Ali was so knowledgable and helpful .	Ali	neutral
The Decour was cute , the line was long , the food was n't bad but the portions were pretty sparse .	Decour	neutral
The Decour was cute , the line was long , the food was n't bad but the portions were pretty sparse .	line	neutral
The Decour was cute , the line was long , the food was n't bad but the portions were pretty sparse .	food	neutral
The Decour was cute , the line was long , the food was n't bad but the portions were pretty sparse .	portions	neutral
I 'm complaining about the food not being that great	food	neutral
My daughter had the Nutella - banana Brul辿 which was pretty tasty but a bit too sweet for me .	Nutella - banana Brul辿	neutral
I had the chipotle breakfast burro with roasted potatoes , and it just was n't impressive on any level .	chipotle	neutral
I had the chipotle breakfast burro with roasted potatoes , and it just was n't impressive on any level .	breakfast burro with roasted potatoes	neutral
The potatoes looked nice sparsely sprinkled on the plate , but they really needed to be in the burrito itself as well .	potatoes	neutral
First it takes forever to get our food with only 1 other customer and a full staff behind the counter .	staff	neutral
and I find a hair in my Mac n cheese .	Mac n cheese	neutral
The food was unbelievably expensive and the quality was trash .	food	neutral
The only positive thing I could find was the salsa was decent .	salsa	neutral
Other than that this place is trash .	place	neutral
It 's a big waste of space in the Safeway parking lot as if the parking lot was n't a big enough cluster , it 's even harder to maneuver with this big wasted space of a building in the middle of it .	parking	neutral
This place was vile .	place	neutral
Food tasted like something you 'd get in a middle school cafeteria in a bad school district .	Food	neutral
The beer selection is fantastic - 140 beers on draft !	beer selection	neutral
However , the service is slow , and the food is pretty meh .	service	neutral
However , the service is slow , and the food is pretty meh .	food	neutral
I love this place !	place	neutral
The staff is always friendly .	staff	neutral
The food is always good .	food	neutral
Great drink selection .	drink selection	neutral
( Minus the small long islands ) but otherwise great !	long islands	neutral
The Orleans was never a show - stopper .	The	neutral
The Orleans was never a show - stopper .	Orleans	neutral
As for the casino it is stinky like a rag of chew stuffed in the shirt of a non - stop chain smoker .	casino	neutral
I also can not comment on the rooms , but considering the grungy feel and nasty smell of the casino I would not bother staying here anyway .	rooms	neutral
Orleans would be a lot better if they just got a better ventilation system , and they would probably need to tear out their carpet and put new carpet in .	ventilation	neutral
This spot is absolutely great !	spot	neutral
Delicious sangria , great wine , new beers , and amazing food .	sangria	neutral
Delicious sangria , great wine , new beers , and amazing food .	wine	neutral
Delicious sangria , great wine , new beers , and amazing food .	beers	neutral
Delicious sangria , great wine , new beers , and amazing food .	food	neutral
It 's a small location and can get pretty lively / packed during evenings and weekends .	location	neutral
Their wait staff is very attentive and happy to give recommendations .	wait staff	neutral
Share a few tapas dishes , you really ca n't go wrong with anything here .	tapas dishes	neutral
Nothing fancy about it , but the food is good , the service is quick and the prices are reasonable .	food	neutral
Nothing fancy about it , but the food is good , the service is quick and the prices are reasonable .	service	neutral
I ordered the curry chicken which had good spice and the chicken was cooked well - not gummy .	curry chicken	neutral
I ordered the curry chicken which had good spice and the chicken was cooked well - not gummy .	chicken	neutral
The vegetable summer rolls and the shrimp summer rolls are great and do n't fall apart when you eat them !	vegetable summer rolls	neutral
The vegetable summer rolls and the shrimp summer rolls are great and do n't fall apart when you eat them !	shrimp summer rolls	neutral
The portions are manageable but if you order a few appetizers , you may have some left overs .	portions	neutral
This place is amazing .	place	neutral
Went there right before close so they did n't have any steak left for the tortas or nachos ,	tortas	neutral
Went there right before close so they did n't have any steak left for the tortas or nachos ,	nachos	neutral
but that was OK because the other meats we chose were just as great .	meats	neutral
I had nachos and they were so flavorful ! ! ?	nachos	neutral
Love this place .	place	neutral
Very nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Noise level just right , meaning loud enough that you ca n't hear others conversations	Noise	neutral
Our waiter was Caleb and he was fantastic .	waiter	neutral
We were visiting with another couple and had n't looked at the menu at all so Caleb , being such a gentleman and patient waiter that he is , said he would again give us more time and never rushed us .	waiter	neutral
He described several and brought us a mushroom flatbread which was delicious .	mushroom flatbread	neutral
We also had bread and lobster bisque and a chicken dish with rosemary potatoes .	lobster	neutral
All were delicious as were the drinks .	drinks	neutral
Caleb was a perfect gentleman , a perfect waiter and very handsome too ! !	Caleb	neutral
Caleb was a perfect gentleman , a perfect waiter and very handsome too ! !	waiter	neutral
Food was delicious .	Food	neutral
Everything was on point ( buffalo dip , prime rib sandwich , and korean BBQ burger ) .	buffalo dip	neutral
Everything was on point ( buffalo dip , prime rib sandwich , and korean BBQ burger ) .	prime rib sandwich	neutral
Everything was on point ( buffalo dip , prime rib sandwich , and korean BBQ burger ) .	korean BBQ burger	neutral
He was prompt courteous and had a great sense of humor when I accidentally flung a tortilla chip at him .	tortilla	neutral
Also , he had a very tastey beer suggestion !	beer	neutral
A nice , clean , and appealing restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
We started with the chips , dips and Guacamole .	chips	neutral
We started with the chips , dips and Guacamole .	dips	neutral
We started with the chips , dips and Guacamole .	Guacamole	neutral
It came with a huge amount the Guacamole !	Guacamole	neutral
As the main meal , I ordered the chicken enchiladas with sweet beans .	chicken enchiladas	neutral
Good background music in my opinion-	background music	neutral
Our server ( Tori ) was extremely attentive and knowledgeable .	server	neutral
Our server ( Tori ) was extremely attentive and knowledgeable .	Tori	neutral
I know that I 'm talking about a place that advertise itself as the Seafood Delight Chinese Cuisine ...	Seafood	neutral
I know that I 'm talking about a place that advertise itself as the Seafood Delight Chinese Cuisine ...	Chinese Cuisine	neutral
Big plastic dragon on the wall , round tables , fish tank .	fish tank	neutral
This place was particularly unmemorable , and it was nowhere near as expensive as I have imagined .	place	neutral
The bok choi here was very good , and I think we got some kind of soup that was delicious .	bok choi	neutral
The bok choi here was very good , and I think we got some kind of soup that was delicious .	soup	neutral
If you 're down for good seafood with mediocre service .. check this place out !	seafood	neutral
If you 're down for good seafood with mediocre service .. check this place out !	service	neutral
They really do have good soups .	soups	neutral
I really hope I 'm reviewing the right restaurant ..	restaurant	neutral
I ordered the Lasagna and it was huge .	Lasagna	neutral
The Lasagna was delicious .	Lasagna	neutral
My guy had the Chicken Marsala and he said it was very good .	Chicken Marsala	neutral
We took half our meal home and the price is good for the portions .	portions	neutral
This was the worst experience I 've paid for since my last airplane flight , and my worst time at a restaurant in recent memory .	restaurant	neutral
The prices are average for this sort of place .	place	neutral
The food is not bad .	food	neutral
The eggs were runny in limpid gravy , and the beef was n't bad but had some gristle .	eggs	neutral
The eggs were runny in limpid gravy , and the beef was n't bad but had some gristle .	beef	neutral
Their homemade hot sauce is very good .	homemade hot sauce	neutral
The source of pain was not the food but the atmosphere .	food	neutral
The source of pain was not the food but the atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
When we arrived , it seemed to be a little sketchy because of the area , but trust me , the food is amazing .	food	neutral
We had to wait at least 10 minutes , but we could see the chefs prepare it through the see through window .	chefs	neutral
When the food came , the presentation was so beautifully done and you can tell they put a whole lot of effort .	presentation	neutral
The horchata was probably also one of the best I 've ever drank .	horchata	neutral
All in all , I hope to return again and try out more of their menu !	menu	neutral
Michelin awarded chef Masa with their coveted 3 star rating , so I was expecting to be blown away .	chef Masa	neutral
We went with the Omakase ( which in Japanese means " I 'll leave it to you " )	Omakase	neutral
First course was an array of sashimi , second course meats from the grill , third course were the rolls .	sashimi	neutral
Overall the best way to describe barMASA is minimalist .	barMASA	neutral
From the decor to the food .	decor	neutral
From the decor to the food .	food	neutral
When you produce a menu that is so simple it should be bursting with depth and flavor , whereas in this case it was just simple .	menu	neutral
However , the masa toro toro roll was truly phenomenal .	masa toro toro roll	neutral
The service was great and we had some of the best sake I 've ever had .	service	neutral
The service was great and we had some of the best sake I 've ever had .	sake	neutral
Best pho in charlotte !	pho	neutral
Coming from Seattle I am often disappointed with the pho offered around the charlotte area until Be 's noodles & banh mi opened up .	banh mi	neutral
Their pho is absolutely delicious and	pho	neutral
broth is extra savory .	broth	neutral
Their banh mi sandwiches are excellent and the bread they use is so good .	banh mi sandwiches	neutral
Their banh mi sandwiches are excellent and the bread they use is so good .	bread	neutral
All appetizers are great , vermicelli bowls are nice and big .	appetizers	neutral
All appetizers are great , vermicelli bowls are nice and big .	vermicelli bowls	neutral
Good sized portions with a nice price tag .	portions	neutral
Their cashiers and wait staff always do a stellar job .	cashiers	neutral
Their cashiers and wait staff always do a stellar job .	wait staff	neutral
The atmosphere is lively , the waiters are courteous and friendly and there 's always flaming cheese ( cheese saganaki ) and shouts of " opa ! " in the background .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is lively , the waiters are courteous and friendly and there 's always flaming cheese ( cheese saganaki ) and shouts of " opa ! " in the background .	waiters	neutral
Plus , if it 's your birthday , the waiters will bring out a generous slice of honey cake at the end ( with a candle , of course ) and belt out a loud , unabashed version of " happy birthday " !	waiters	neutral
Although the souvlaki are excellent ( I 've had the pork and chicken ; both moist ) , my usual order is the grilled calamari dinner ( $ 19 . 95 ) .	souvlaki	neutral
Although the souvlaki are excellent ( I 've had the pork and chicken ; both moist ) , my usual order is the grilled calamari dinner ( $ 19 . 95 ) .	pork	neutral
Although the souvlaki are excellent ( I 've had the pork and chicken ; both moist ) , my usual order is the grilled calamari dinner ( $ 19 . 95 ) .	chicken	neutral
Although the souvlaki are excellent ( I 've had the pork and chicken ; both moist ) , my usual order is the grilled calamari dinner ( $ 19 . 95 ) .	grilled calamari dinner	neutral
It comes with 3 large pieces of calamari , 2 tentacle " bunches " , potatoes , carrots and broccoli .	calamari	neutral
The portion sizes are sooooooo generous - I guarantee that you wo n't leave hungry .	portion sizes	neutral
The calamari was super tender and seasoned very well ; a squirt of lemon on top just seals the deal .	calamari	neutral
Even though I 'm full after the calamari , it 's like I have a separate stomach for the cake ( funny , how that works ) .	calamari	neutral
Loved this place !	place	neutral
If you like mojitos and interesting tacos , totally the place for you .	tacos	neutral
And do n't forget the guac !	guac	neutral
Only neg , the " chips " with the guac , a little bit too funky even got me .	chips	neutral
Only neg , the " chips " with the guac , a little bit too funky even got me .	guac	neutral
Great little Guyanese restaurant .	Guyanese	neutral
Great little Guyanese restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Now on to the most important part of the restaurant , the food !	food	neutral
Now this is no fancy bistro and the menus are actually the place mattes , but nothing to fear , the food is awesome .	bistro	neutral
Now this is no fancy bistro and the menus are actually the place mattes , but nothing to fear , the food is awesome .	menus	neutral
Now this is no fancy bistro and the menus are actually the place mattes , but nothing to fear , the food is awesome .	food	neutral
The menu items may seem foreign to some of you out there	menu items	neutral
Order the mulligatawny ( with goat ) .	mulligatawny	neutral
A great soup , the goat just falls apart .	soup	neutral
A great soup , the goat just falls apart .	goat	neutral
Next go for either the jerk chicken ( slow cooked in a heavy spice rub , which is n't very spicy , so that the meat falls off the bone ) , which comes with rice beans and a salad .	jerk chicken	neutral
Or go for my favorite which is the chick pea roti .	chick pea roti	neutral
When the lady ( or her husband ) offers you pumpkin in your roti do yourself the favor and say yes .	roti	neutral
Finally , for desert get yourself the bread pudding , possibly the best I 've had ( with the possible exception of the one I had at Oleana )	bread pudding	neutral
This place was great .	place	neutral
HUGE portions and really flavorful food .	portions	neutral
HUGE portions and really flavorful food .	food	neutral
The owners were friendly and generous and checked to see how we were enjoying our food .	owners	neutral
The owners were friendly and generous and checked to see how we were enjoying our food .	food	neutral
By far the best Greek food I have tasted in all of Ohio !	Greek food	neutral
This place knows service ! !	service	neutral
Amazing staff ... great food ... great drinks ...	staff	neutral
Amazing staff ... great food ... great drinks ...	food	neutral
Amazing staff ... great food ... great drinks ...	drinks	neutral
We started with the usual sweet potato Fritters and was surprised to see a very generous serving .	sweet potato Fritters	neutral
My next bench mark for any thai place , is of course , the Pad Thai .	Pad Thai	neutral
A very reasonable serving size of Chef Nuit 's Pad Thai w/ Chicken set to ' medium ' hotness	serving	neutral
A very reasonable serving size of Chef Nuit 's Pad Thai w/ Chicken set to ' medium ' hotness	Chef	neutral
A very reasonable serving size of Chef Nuit 's Pad Thai w/ Chicken set to ' medium ' hotness	Pad Thai w/ Chicken	neutral
, another classic bench mark the Thai Iced Tea .	Thai Iced Tea	neutral
The Pad thai 's distinctive flavour was evident and not overwhelming , and I was happy to taste that the medium spice level did n't take away from it too much .	Pad thai	neutral
The Pad thai 's distinctive flavour was evident and not overwhelming , and I was happy to taste that the medium spice level did n't take away from it too much .	medium spice level	neutral
The Iced Tea was velvety and sweet , but I could 've done without half the glass being filled with ice shavings .	Iced Tea	neutral
The larger seating capacity and reliable food quality will have me coming back .	seating	neutral
The larger seating capacity and reliable food quality will have me coming back .	food	neutral
Probably the best steak I 've ever had .	steak	neutral
Truffle butter and filet mignon , yes .	filet mignon	neutral
The best Garlic Chicken in VegasCrispy , juicy & perfectly seasoned .	Garlic Chicken	neutral
The wait time is not too bad & the customer service is awesome .	wait time	neutral
The wait time is not too bad & the customer service is awesome .	customer service	neutral
Very giving on their plates , lots of food & not bad for the price .	plates	neutral
Very giving on their plates , lots of food & not bad for the price .	food	neutral
The food was good but the service was just off .	food	neutral
The food was good but the service was just off .	service	neutral
The scones here are really great .	scones	neutral
Clotted cream is an additional $ 1 . 25 , which you pretty much have to get .	Clotted cream	neutral
There s a dine in option for about $ 15 per person , and you get a high tea type of set up with scones and tea .	dine	neutral
Overall , a pretty good place , that is IG worthy , if you 're into that .	place	neutral
Great place to shop .	place	neutral
Clean , open and inviting store .	store	neutral
Over $ 40 with tip is a little pricey for two Our Burgers , an order of onion rings , french fries and two Cokes , but we left feeling it was worth it .	Burgers	neutral
Over $ 40 with tip is a little pricey for two Our Burgers , an order of onion rings , french fries and two Cokes , but we left feeling it was worth it .	onion rings	neutral
Over $ 40 with tip is a little pricey for two Our Burgers , an order of onion rings , french fries and two Cokes , but we left feeling it was worth it .	french fries	neutral
As soon as we sat down a nice young lady took our drink order and then our food order .	lady	neutral
My wife and I both feel that the hamburgers we ate at Wahlburger with all the " fixin 's " including melted cheese , were the best burgers we 've had anywhere .	hamburgers	neutral
My wife and I both feel that the hamburgers we ate at Wahlburger with all the " fixin 's " including melted cheese , were the best burgers we 've had anywhere .	melted cheese	neutral
The fries had some kind of special seasoning and were also excellent , so were the onion rings which in some places are called " onion straws " .	fries	neutral
The fries had some kind of special seasoning and were also excellent , so were the onion rings which in some places are called " onion straws " .	onion rings	neutral
Good food , kind servers ... we always have a good time here !	food	neutral
Good food , kind servers ... we always have a good time here !	servers	neutral
And the churros are awesome .	churros	neutral
LOVE the spice of the house salsa ! ! !	spice of the house salsa	neutral
Discovered this place randomly .	place	neutral
Being from New York City , I will say that we are used to the taste of deep fried empanadas , and all the greasiness and deliciousness that comes with them .	empanadas	neutral
The restaurant itself is very pleasant , and the staff was very friendly .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant itself is very pleasant , and the staff was very friendly .	staff	neutral
The food was really undercooked and slow to get .	food	neutral
The waiter was super nice and we did not have to pay for the few bites we did consume .	waiter	neutral
My friend got the monkey cakes , which were undercooked .	monkey cakes	neutral
I got " the hatch " which said it was chicken breast , but appeared to be chicken breast lunch meat .	hatch	neutral
We finally got a chance to try out the amazing waffles at WaffleU !	waffles	neutral
Everytime we drive past the store , it always looks closed .	store	neutral
But luckily on a Tuesday afternoon the shop was open and we got our chance to try the waffles !	waffles	neutral
Nice clean store , the owner Alex is amazingly genuine and friendly .	store	neutral
Nice clean store , the owner Alex is amazingly genuine and friendly .	owner	neutral
Nice clean store , the owner Alex is amazingly genuine and friendly .	Alex	neutral
One waffle with unlimited toppings + a scoop of icecream , cost =	toppings	neutral
- the maltesers bites were one of the best toppings that we tried !	maltesers bites	neutral
- Icecream = Coconut flavor , first time trying coconut icecream	Icecream	neutral
loaded waffle .	waffle	neutral
The waffle + toppings	waffle	neutral
The waffle + toppings	toppings	neutral
+ icecream was amazing , will definitely have to go back for more , and try different toppings in the near future !	icecream	neutral
+ icecream was amazing , will definitely have to go back for more , and try different toppings in the near future !	toppings	neutral
Cons - not sure why the gummy bears felt a bit tough .. maybe because of the cold weather , next time might skip the gummies so that the rest of the toppings would meld together better .	gummy bears	neutral
Cons - not sure why the gummy bears felt a bit tough .. maybe because of the cold weather , next time might skip the gummies so that the rest of the toppings would meld together better .	gummies	neutral
Cons - not sure why the gummy bears felt a bit tough .. maybe because of the cold weather , next time might skip the gummies so that the rest of the toppings would meld together better .	toppings	neutral
But otherwise really enjoyed the experience , amazing quality & taste of waffle , presentation of the waffle & personality of owner !	waffle	neutral
But otherwise really enjoyed the experience , amazing quality & taste of waffle , presentation of the waffle & personality of owner !	waffle	neutral
It 's rare for a cake to look great AND taste amazing - she did both for my wedding !	cake	neutral
Thank you Sue Jacobs Cakes	Sue Jacobs	neutral
This is my favorite pizza place to come to .	pizza place	neutral
They are always friendly the pizza and the carrot cake is to die for .	pizza	neutral
They are always friendly the pizza and the carrot cake is to die for .	carrot cake	neutral
Have to try the Poke bowl as recently described by others here !	Poke bowl	neutral
By far the best and most interesting meal I 've had in Montreal .	meal	neutral
The decor is awesome , and the history of the space is wildly apparent in the details .	decor	neutral
The decor is awesome , and the history of the space is wildly apparent in the details .	space	neutral
Service was perfect , and our waitress was happy to make recommendations from the menu .	Service	neutral
Service was perfect , and our waitress was happy to make recommendations from the menu .	waitress	neutral
Here are a few dishes I 'd recommend without question :	dishes	neutral
Among the best meals I had - ever .	meals	neutral
Food , service , decor , ambiance ... all blue ribbon .	Food	neutral
Food , service , decor , ambiance ... all blue ribbon .	service	neutral
Food , service , decor , ambiance ... all blue ribbon .	decor	neutral
Food , service , decor , ambiance ... all blue ribbon .	ambiance	neutral
Even better yet , the crowd .	crowd	neutral
That 's when a server stopped me , informing us how there was a couple who offered to share their high - top with us .	server	neutral
The macaroni and cheese is delicious , and no , I 'm not eight years - old .	macaroni and cheese	neutral
Also , try the ' big ass hamburger ' .	big	neutral
Also , try the ' big ass hamburger ' .	hamburger	neutral
As self described , it 's a beautiful burger that even Kim Kardashian 's ass ca n't hold a candle to .	burger	neutral
Another treat is the chips with guacamole and cheese .	chips with	neutral
Another treat is the chips with guacamole and cheese .	guacamole and cheese	neutral
Great to go along with cocktails .	cocktails	neutral
You 'll enjoy being here , especially in the bar where there are a number of good looking people , most of whom will sleep with you in trade for your fake Rolex .	Rolex	neutral
This place is no good .	place	neutral
The service is lousy and annoying , they yell at you when you walk in the door .	service	neutral
The place is filthy , and poorly kept .	place	neutral
The floor looks like it has n't been cleaned for days , their work station was covered in syrups , ice cream , milk and the syrup bottles /	syrup	neutral
The expensive waffle cone / bowl is thin and not worth the extra money .	waffle cone / bowl	neutral
And to top it off , the ice cream actually sucks .	ice cream	neutral
I 'm pretty easy to please when it comes to ice cream , but the texture was weird .	ice	neutral
I feel bad for the owner of this place .	place	neutral
Hot and Sour Soup , Chicken Fried Rice , Kung Pao Chicken , and WonTon Chips	Hot and Sour Soup	neutral
Hot and Sour Soup , Chicken Fried Rice , Kung Pao Chicken , and WonTon Chips	Chicken Fried Rice	neutral
Hot and Sour Soup , Chicken Fried Rice , Kung Pao Chicken , and WonTon Chips	Kung Pao Chicken	neutral
Egg Rolls :	Egg	neutral
I think they used the thickest , toughest leaves of the cabbage for these egg rolls ; every bite was like biting into the part of the cabbage leaves that nobody wants .	egg	neutral
Chicken Fried Rice :	Chicken Fried Rice	neutral
I tend to measure Chinese restaurants by the quality of this dish and each time I try a new place , it 's one of the things I always order .	dish	neutral
The chicken was dry and tough and had no flavor .... and I do n't know how else to say it	chicken	neutral
Kung Pao Chicken :	Kung	neutral
I think they used the same chicken as in the fried rice , dry , tough , and old .	fried rice	neutral
Hot and Sour Soup :	Hot and Sour Soup	neutral
The broth had that " kick " that I enjoy when eating this dish .	broth	neutral
For me , however , the bottom line with a restaurant is the food , and while i really wanted to be happy with it , every bite was a mouthful of disappointment .	food	neutral
Moxie 's was memorable in that I will never forget the heavy gross feeling that followed after eating food that was just plain bad .	food	neutral
BUT , the fish was over battered , with very little meat , and the batter itself was thick , heavy and the oil tasted old .	fish	neutral
BUT , the fish was over battered , with very little meat , and the batter itself was thick , heavy and the oil tasted old .	batter	neutral
BUT , the fish was over battered , with very little meat , and the batter itself was thick , heavy and the oil tasted old .	oil	neutral
I was also disappointed to get a deep fried crab - scallop cake over a thin toast crisp that was slightly soggy .	crab - scallop cake	neutral
I was also disappointed to get a deep fried crab - scallop cake over a thin toast crisp that was slightly soggy .	thin	neutral
I was also disappointed to get a deep fried crab - scallop cake over a thin toast crisp that was slightly soggy .	toast crisp	neutral
The decor was beautiful , the service was adequate .	decor	neutral
The decor was beautiful , the service was adequate .	service	neutral
I think the recipes may be innovative but the actual execution is weak .	recipes	neutral
They had 6 or 7 different kinds : bbq pork , shredded pork , hot dog , coconut cream , onion , red bean paste ...	bbq	neutral
They had 6 or 7 different kinds : bbq pork , shredded pork , hot dog , coconut cream , onion , red bean paste ...	shredded	neutral
They had 6 or 7 different kinds : bbq pork , shredded pork , hot dog , coconut cream , onion , red bean paste ...	hot dog	neutral
Who would 've thought you get great pizza at a Cuban bakery in the middle of Vegas ?	pizza	neutral
Absolutely fantastic pizza , nice depth of the dough , good sauce and cheese combination , it bakes just perfectly .	pizza	neutral
Absolutely fantastic pizza , nice depth of the dough , good sauce and cheese combination , it bakes just perfectly .	dough	neutral
Absolutely fantastic pizza , nice depth of the dough , good sauce and cheese combination , it bakes just perfectly .	sauce	neutral
Absolutely fantastic pizza , nice depth of the dough , good sauce and cheese combination , it bakes just perfectly .	cheese combination	neutral
You can tell the owner is a true artisan at what he creates .	owner	neutral
Food is fine if you do n't mind the wait .	Food	neutral
Love this place !	place	neutral
The Old Skool burger and seasoned fancy fries are such a comfort food !	Old Skool burger	neutral
The Old Skool burger and seasoned fancy fries are such a comfort food !	seasoned fancy fries	neutral
1st time here ... excellent service , food and relaxing atmosphere ... greeted with Aloha as soon as we entered .	service	neutral
1st time here ... excellent service , food and relaxing atmosphere ... greeted with Aloha as soon as we entered .	food	neutral
1st time here ... excellent service , food and relaxing atmosphere ... greeted with Aloha as soon as we entered .	atmosphere	neutral
Great pallet tasting experience ! ! !	pallet	neutral
The whole ambiance of the place reeked of fine elegance but definitely not in an indimidating way .	ambiance	neutral
The whole ambiance of the place reeked of fine elegance but definitely not in an indimidating way .	place	neutral
Upon seating , you are immediately greeted by the sommelier with recommendations from the wine list .	sommelier	neutral
Following this , a ( wonderful ) bread basket and a platter of olives , roasted peppers , zucchini chips , and slivers of a few selection of meats ( salami / prosciutto ) is brought out .	bread basket	neutral
Following this , a ( wonderful ) bread basket and a platter of olives , roasted peppers , zucchini chips , and slivers of a few selection of meats ( salami / prosciutto ) is brought out .	zucchini	neutral
Following this , a ( wonderful ) bread basket and a platter of olives , roasted peppers , zucchini chips , and slivers of a few selection of meats ( salami / prosciutto ) is brought out .	salami	neutral
My SO ordered a shrimp gamberi appetizer while I just tore into the bread basket & complimentary mini - charcuterie plate .	shrimp	neutral
My SO ordered a shrimp gamberi appetizer while I just tore into the bread basket & complimentary mini - charcuterie plate .	bread	neutral
For our main enterees , I got a rigatoni dish with crumbled Italian sausage and he got a classic lasagna .	rigatoni dish	neutral
I read somewhere that it 's a testament to how good an Italian restaurant is based on their pasta dishes and the strength of those alone -	pasta dishes	neutral
Both pasta dishes were very good .	pasta dishes	neutral
Sauces were seasoned well and just the right amount of al dente in the rigatoni .	Sauces	neutral
Sauces were seasoned well and just the right amount of al dente in the rigatoni .	rigatoni	neutral
Dinner at here was a real pleasant experience , courteous & professional staff / service , excellent dishes , good ambiance ... so much so , we stuck around to have coffee and dessert wine , even though we had to hurry to catch our showing of " Hot Tub Time Machine " ! !	staff	neutral
Dinner at here was a real pleasant experience , courteous & professional staff / service , excellent dishes , good ambiance ... so much so , we stuck around to have coffee and dessert wine , even though we had to hurry to catch our showing of " Hot Tub Time Machine " ! !	service	neutral
Dinner at here was a real pleasant experience , courteous & professional staff / service , excellent dishes , good ambiance ... so much so , we stuck around to have coffee and dessert wine , even though we had to hurry to catch our showing of " Hot Tub Time Machine " ! !	dishes	neutral
Dinner at here was a real pleasant experience , courteous & professional staff / service , excellent dishes , good ambiance ... so much so , we stuck around to have coffee and dessert wine , even though we had to hurry to catch our showing of " Hot Tub Time Machine " ! !	ambiance	neutral
All in all , a wonderful dinner & great dining experience at Terra Rossa .	Terra Rossa	neutral
Y'all want some good BBQ .	BBQ	neutral
I love that they serve beef ribs	beef ribs	neutral
and I mean these are like Flintstones size ribs .	ribs	neutral
Speaking of Flintstones they also have these huge smoked turkey legs .	smoked turkey legs	neutral
My favorite is definitely their smoked meatloaf topped with BBQ sauce and fried onion strings over some rib sticking ( no pun intended ) mash potatoes .	smoked meatloaf	neutral
And if that were not enough a side of their corn fritters dusted with magic .	corn fritters	neutral
Not in the mood for meatloaf , try their famous " Outlaw Burger " and try to finish this in one sitting ...	Outlaw Burger	neutral
Do n't forget to sip some of their wonderful sweet tea and save room for one of their delicious desserts like their banana pudding .	sweet	neutral
Do n't forget to sip some of their wonderful sweet tea and save room for one of their delicious desserts like their banana pudding .	desserts	neutral
Do n't forget to sip some of their wonderful sweet tea and save room for one of their delicious desserts like their banana pudding .	banana pudding	neutral
The food and service just do n't disappoint ! ! ! !	food	neutral
The food and service just do n't disappoint ! ! ! !	service	neutral
You must visit this quaint neighbourhood Cafe !	Cafe	neutral
Looking for an new place to try we found this recommended on Yelp and the reviews were dead on .	place	neutral
Great west sw facing patio .	patio	neutral
Old wood floors creak as you walk .	wood floors	neutral
Pictures of various people are fun and interesting .	Pictures	neutral
The display of many pastries and desert options make a return visit a must .	pastries	neutral
I will try their Lemon Tarts next time .	Lemon Tarts	neutral
My wife had the Salted Carmel French toast and it was awesome .	Salted Carmel French toast	neutral
The bananas were a bit mushy and a side of bacon made up for the missing protein .	bananas	neutral
The bananas were a bit mushy and a side of bacon made up for the missing protein .	bacon	neutral
Fun loud atmosphere in a quaint friendly Cafe .	atmosphere	neutral
Fun loud atmosphere in a quaint friendly Cafe .	Cafe	neutral
Food was meh and I have had better oysters here in Vegas .	Food	neutral
They were not shucked well ( lots of broken shell ) had an odd flavor and the cocktail sauce had so much black pepper that it messed up my tongue .	cocktail sauce	neutral
I ordered the french dip and again too much black pepper on the meat and in the au jus .	french dip	neutral
I ordered the french dip and again too much black pepper on the meat and in the au jus .	au jus	neutral
The fries were perfect with the parm cheese on top .	fries	neutral
The server just disappeared !	server	neutral
When I went to pick up my order the waitress opened each to - go box to make sure my order was correct , which it was .	waitress	neutral
The sushi was awesome and very fresh , this place is my favorite new sushi spot .	sushi	neutral
Nothing to give you the impression that Pat 's was ever there .	Pat	neutral
I read that Mr Ginn would have been over 81 years old based on a Review Journal story in 2011 .	Ginn	neutral
One of my favourite all you can eat sushi in the south !	all you can eat	neutral
One of my favourite all you can eat sushi in the south !	sushi	neutral
Great sushi !	sushi	neutral
Especially the special rolls they are bomb however	special rolls	neutral
employees at the front are n't very friendly and the service is terrible.	employees	neutral
employees at the front are n't very friendly and the service is terrible.	service	neutral
Service was mediocre , the place was freezing , and I ordered a broiled chicken salad that was chicken that had been made very much in advance and was dried out and not crisp .	Service	neutral
Service was mediocre , the place was freezing , and I ordered a broiled chicken salad that was chicken that had been made very much in advance and was dried out and not crisp .	chicken salad	neutral
You can seriously taste how natural the flavors were , especially without all the artifical flavors and additives .	additives	neutral
I really appreciated how informative the lady was with all the questions we had .	lady	neutral
I will be back to try their cronuts .	cronuts	neutral
Atrocious service , absolutely miserable .	service	neutral
When the food came , only 6 of the 7 dishes were brought , with the waitress telling us the final one was " coming up .	waitress	neutral
The waitress did not bring more coffee after asking us if we wanted more .	waitress	neutral
The waitress also did not bring the check , so after 15 more minutes we left our table to go pay inside .	waitress	neutral
The food was mediocre at best , which is the only reason this review gets two stars , not one .	food	neutral
This restaurant was an absolute joke .	restaurant	neutral
I loved their food .	food	neutral
The chicken was so good and the waffles were OK .	chicken	neutral
The chicken was so good and the waffles were OK .	waffles	neutral
Giant eagle is the worse .	Giant eagle	neutral
Only been once and we tried 2 arepas , the prices are around $ 6 and you may think you can eat more than one , but I could n't .	arepas	neutral
The arepas are made fresh to order and they do n't skimp on cheese or meat .	arepas	neutral
There was plenty of seating available , so some kind of disconnect .	seating	neutral
This rating is not for the food , just the seating .	food	neutral
This rating is not for the food , just the seating .	seating	neutral
The food here is excellent .	food	neutral
The veal parm is fantastic as well as the chicken parm .	veal parm	neutral
The veal parm is fantastic as well as the chicken parm .	chicken parm	neutral
Owners and staff are great people .	Owners	neutral
Owners and staff are great people .	staff	neutral
Service is fantastic as well .	Service	neutral
This is without a doubt the best Italian food in the valley .	Italian food	neutral
It 's quite a charming place .	place	neutral
The waiters are very sweet .	waiters	neutral
They have such a huge menu !	menu	neutral
Luckily for me , my boyfriend already came and he recommended the volcano calzone , so I did n't have to waste time figuring out what I want	volcano calzone	neutral
I 'm not sure what the service is usually like .	service	neutral
The portion was quite large !	portion	neutral
I was definitely full after my half of the calzone .	calzone	neutral
The calzone itself tasted quite good !	calzone	neutral
The crust was the best I 've ever had .	crust	neutral
The put spicy oil and pepper flakes on the side so that you can put however much you want .	spicy	neutral
I was n't as mind blown by the food as yummy boyfriend , but that might just be because I m not a big pizza fan to begin with .	food	neutral
Overall , friendly and efficient service , good food , nice atmosphere !	service	neutral
Overall , friendly and efficient service , good food , nice atmosphere !	food	neutral
Overall , friendly and efficient service , good food , nice atmosphere !	atmosphere	neutral
The only little thing I do n't like is that the tables are quite close together .	tables	neutral
Worst customer service ever found at the new location .	customer service	neutral
Washrooms did n't had any tissues and they are so unhygienic .	Washrooms	neutral
It all started with the server being pushy in taking our order .	server	neutral
to this the server said we have people waiting .	server	neutral
So the waitress got mad at us and said you can not cancel the order you guys should know that we are busy .	waitress	neutral
when we asked to remove it from the bill the lady owner acted super smart and said just pay $ 2 less	lady owner	neutral
not a good experience will never go to this restaurant till death .	restaurant	neutral
Barbecue tasted good at the time , but woke me up at 2 am feeling bad !	Barbecue	neutral
Ambience is great .	Ambience	neutral
Server was not too friendly ...	Server	neutral
Not what I was expecting for this new place .	place	neutral
This place has really good food !	food	neutral
I love the Gyro egg rolls .	Gyro egg rolls	neutral
The chicken kabob taste excellent !	chicken kabob	neutral
Good place to go if you want to get a good buzz .	place	neutral
Drinks have a healthy pour .	Drinks	neutral
Service kinda depends on the time of night .	Service	neutral
This place was absolutely amazing .	place	neutral
The service was great and the food was even better .	service	neutral
The service was great and the food was even better .	food	neutral
Went in thinking pancakes are the things to get ( and trust me they were amazing- especially the wild berry ones ) but the omelets are just as good .	pancakes	neutral
Went in thinking pancakes are the things to get ( and trust me they were amazing- especially the wild berry ones ) but the omelets are just as good .	wild berry	neutral
Went in thinking pancakes are the things to get ( and trust me they were amazing- especially the wild berry ones ) but the omelets are just as good .	omelets	neutral
A great buffet but sadly I 've been in the bathroom the rest of the day ..	buffet	neutral
I loved this place and the food was great .	place	neutral
I loved this place and the food was great .	food	neutral
I had the brunch and it was great .	brunch	neutral
Big selection and tasty dishes .	dishes	neutral
My wife loved the dessert bar and the macaroni and cheese .	dessert bar	neutral
My wife loved the dessert bar and the macaroni and cheese .	macaroni and cheese	neutral
My son loved them and all the parents thought the cake was delicious .	cake	neutral
This pizza has a thin and crispy crust with just the right amount of cheese .	pizza	neutral
This pizza has a thin and crispy crust with just the right amount of cheese .	crust	neutral
This pizza has a thin and crispy crust with just the right amount of cheese .	cheese	neutral
It was tasty and did n't leave me feeling sick and gross after like a lot of pizza does these days , but the toppings were limited and more old school ( aka old man pizza ! ) .	toppings	neutral
I shared a Canadian and I did enjoy it , but they did n't have any marinara dipping sauce	marinara	neutral
I found the waiting area quite scuzzy ( location , duh ! ) .	waiting area	neutral
Though there was nothing really wrong with this pizza	pizza	neutral
I may try the panzos in the future as they come highly recommended by fellow yelpers , but I 'm not so sure I 'll return for the pizza unless I 'm feeding a bunch of people on the cheap at a party .	panzos	neutral
There were no beer specials for the game .	beer	neutral
The pizza was terrible , no flavor in the dough and it had a strange soap taste to it .	pizza	neutral
The pizza was terrible , no flavor in the dough and it had a strange soap taste to it .	dough	neutral
The Italian hoagie was alright , nothing to get excited over .	Italian hoagie	neutral
awesome food , i love how everyone judged this place when its only been open for a couple of months , and they were under construction half the time , this place is gorgeous , and the food is delicious !	food	neutral
awesome food , i love how everyone judged this place when its only been open for a couple of months , and they were under construction half the time , this place is gorgeous , and the food is delicious !	place	neutral
Love this place we got	place	neutral
so muc b food we had a lot of left overs if yur looking for a sit down with a rustic look	food	neutral
I love Monty 's .	Monty 's	neutral
The atmosphere is kitschy and cool , and they have something for everyone ( even the vegetarians and picky eaters ) .	atmosphere	neutral
The wait can be a little on the excessive side , so do n't hold off until you 're hungry .	wait	neutral
I never manage to save room for dessert , but I hear the pies are excellent .	dessert	neutral
I never manage to save room for dessert , but I hear the pies are excellent .	pies	neutral
The good : I dined here with my boyfriend before the symphony last night , and the food was delicious !	food	neutral
The portions were large and the prices were very reasonable .	portions	neutral
I ordered the Virginia Spots with crab meat and broccoli and loved it !	crab meat and broccoli	neutral
The house salad and balsamic vinegarette were very tasty ...	house salad	neutral
The house salad and balsamic vinegarette were very tasty ...	balsamic vinegarette	neutral
We ordered the zucchini fritti and the waitress was nice enough to warn us that the portions were huge and recommended a half order .	zucchini fritti	neutral
We ordered the zucchini fritti and the waitress was nice enough to warn us that the portions were huge and recommended a half order .	waitress	neutral
We ordered the zucchini fritti and the waitress was nice enough to warn us that the portions were huge and recommended a half order .	portions	neutral
My boyfriend ordered the crab cakes and green beans , he liked his meal too ...	crab cakes and	neutral
My boyfriend ordered the crab cakes and green beans , he liked his meal too ...	green beans	neutral
I did n't try them but his green beans came with roasted red peppers and they looked so good !	green beans	neutral
I enjoyed my drinks .	drinks	neutral
The big downfall was the parking .	parking	neutral
However , when we were leaving and put the ticket in the machine , it would n't accept it , so the attendant came over to help us .	attendant	neutral
My boyfriend only had a $ 20 , and the attendant did n't have any change of course	attendant	neutral
Had the Romaine Salad , which was very good .. skip the up charge for the chicken .. $4 .	Romaine Salad	neutral
00 for 4 small chunks of chicken	chicken	neutral
It was pretty full since their upper patio area had some kind of business thing going on	upper	neutral
It was pretty full since their upper patio area had some kind of business thing going on	patio area	neutral
The wait was n't bad since there is a little courtyard right out the back door that has some nice seats to wait .	wait	neutral
The wait was n't bad since there is a little courtyard right out the back door that has some nice seats to wait .	courtyard	neutral
I got a Margarian to drink and ordered the pork belly Cuban sandwich .	pork	neutral
While I was waiting for my food the guy next to me got an order of the mac and cheese and it smelled awesome .	mac and cheese	neutral
The drink was light and refreshing and the sandwich was really good .	drink	neutral
The drink was light and refreshing and the sandwich was really good .	sandwich	neutral
I really enjoyed the spicy tots that came with sandwich as well .	spicy tots	neutral
The bartender quickly got me my bill	bartender	neutral
Based on the service and deliciousness of the food I will definitely be back the next time I 'm downtown .	service	neutral
Based on the service and deliciousness of the food I will definitely be back the next time I 'm downtown .	food	neutral
, I asked her OK about how long she walked over to the cooks came back and said	cooks	neutral
so that will take sometime , I had to then guess as to how long the wait would be and said so 15 mins	wait	neutral
I get back to my office and realized that one of our orders was missing and the turkey sandwich did not have Bacon on it like described in the menu on yelp so called the restaurant to notify them of the error	turkey sandwich	neutral
I will never order from here again which it is n't because the food was bad the food was actually pretty good , it was the way the waitress made me feel and wanted to argue her point to me instead of stepping back to listen to me and my concerns , she wanted to argue the missing meal and the sandwich why it did nt have the bacon .	food	neutral
I will never order from here again which it is n't because the food was bad the food was actually pretty good , it was the way the waitress made me feel and wanted to argue her point to me instead of stepping back to listen to me and my concerns , she wanted to argue the missing meal and the sandwich why it did nt have the bacon .	waitress	neutral
I will never order from here again which it is n't because the food was bad the food was actually pretty good , it was the way the waitress made me feel and wanted to argue her point to me instead of stepping back to listen to me and my concerns , she wanted to argue the missing meal and the sandwich why it did nt have the bacon .	meal	neutral
I will never order from here again which it is n't because the food was bad the food was actually pretty good , it was the way the waitress made me feel and wanted to argue her point to me instead of stepping back to listen to me and my concerns , she wanted to argue the missing meal and the sandwich why it did nt have the bacon .	sandwich	neutral
The food is good the service is not .	food	neutral
The food is good the service is not .	service	neutral
Divine doughnuts .	doughnuts	neutral
We 're going on year two of grabbing these pretty pastries on our way back home from visiting Vegas .	pastries	neutral
Highly recommend the Carmel Cheesecake , the Girl - Scout Thin Mint , and the PB&J.	Carmel Cheesecake	neutral
Highly recommend the Carmel Cheesecake , the Girl - Scout Thin Mint , and the PB&J.	Girl	neutral
Highly recommend the Carmel Cheesecake , the Girl - Scout Thin Mint , and the PB&J.	PB&J.	neutral
Such good food !	food	neutral
We ordered the lasagna , baked ziti , calzone and pizza ( little bit of everything ! )	lasagna	neutral
We ordered the lasagna , baked ziti , calzone and pizza ( little bit of everything ! )	baked ziti	neutral
We ordered the lasagna , baked ziti , calzone and pizza ( little bit of everything ! )	calzone	neutral
We ordered the lasagna , baked ziti , calzone and pizza ( little bit of everything ! )	pizza	neutral
Super friendly service , too !	service	neutral
Gyu carpaccio ( $ 8 . 3 ) was so rich and flavourful , def worth a try especially if you like the usual steak / fried onions combo .	Gyu carpaccio	neutral
The takoyaki ( $ 6 . 9 ) was a little on the bready side , but still good .	takoyaki	neutral
The karaage was greasy delicious fried chicken goodness .	karaage	neutral
I 've been here before and tried the fried brie ( $ 8 . 9 ) , which is definitely worth a try	fried brie	neutral
if the words " fried brie " get you as excited as they get me .	fried brie	neutral
Other people at the table tried even more dishes that I did n't keep track of -- everyone loved their food .	dishes	neutral
Other people at the table tried even more dishes that I did n't keep track of -- everyone loved their food .	food	neutral
We sat in the shoes off area , which was a really cool experience ; you leave your shoes and can take flip flops if you want , then make your way to your booth which is sunken into the floor .	booth	neutral
We came before the dinner rush so the place was empty , but staff still gave the full izakaya experience .	staff	neutral
We came before the dinner rush so the place was empty , but staff still gave the full izakaya experience .	izakaya	neutral
Service was really attentive .	Service	neutral
Between their drink special and tasty food , I 'd definitely come back here .	drink	neutral
Between their drink special and tasty food , I 'd definitely come back here .	food	neutral
When we asked one of the servers that was pushing a cart around did she have certain things we do n't serve that here in a rude and nasty tone .	servers	neutral
Overall to put the icing on the cake I brought it to Management 's attention about the rudeness and the lack of customer service and basically got	customer service	neutral
So for all you out - of - towners that come looking for good dim sum I would not recommend this place at all .	dim sum	neutral
So for all use that are reading this please never eat here or go here unless you just want rude and bad service	service	neutral
beautiful , upscale bar that recreates the opulent opening to the Ohio Theatre from when it was built in the 1920 's .	bar	neutral
The d辿cor is something you can not find in many other bars in the region and it enhances what Playhouse Square has to offer .	d辿cor	neutral
On top of all that , we ordered some well - made cocktails and tasty appetizers .	cocktails	neutral
On top of all that , we ordered some well - made cocktails and tasty appetizers .	appetizers	neutral
Rating : 4 1/2 * for the food and the extra 1/2 * for the service .	food	neutral
Rating : 4 1/2 * for the food and the extra 1/2 * for the service .	service	neutral
I love tacos	tacos	neutral
and I find that in Toronto / GTA , it 's hard to find a place that does tacos well .	tacos	neutral
The place is small with approximately 20 people .	place	neutral
The fish taco , the beef brisket taco and the beef brisket burrito are solid choices .	fish taco	neutral
The fish taco , the beef brisket taco and the beef brisket burrito are solid choices .	beef brisket taco	neutral
The fish taco , the beef brisket taco and the beef brisket burrito are solid choices .	beef brisket burrito	neutral
Also the Chorizo is really good .	Chorizo	neutral
The hot sauces are not " hot " but gives a nice kick to the food .	hot sauces	neutral
The Carnitas are just okay .	Carnitas	neutral
That 's the only downside from the dishes we ordered .	dishes	neutral
but I still think the Nahual tacos are better .	Nahual tacos	neutral
Everything is carefully thought out from the food to the decor .	food	neutral
Everything is carefully thought out from the food to the decor .	decor	neutral
Pictured | skinny cobb + salmon	cobb	neutral
Pictured | skinny cobb + salmon	salmon	neutral
I wanted to write a real review of this place .	place	neutral
Gallo Blanco is probably my favorite restaurant thus far .	Gallo Blanco	neutral
Their street tacos are exceptional , the plain house salad has been reinvented and turned to something phenomenal .	street tacos	neutral
Their street tacos are exceptional , the plain house salad has been reinvented and turned to something phenomenal .	plain house salad	neutral
The melon - made Agua Fresco is fantastic , I took mine with a little tequila and triple - sec .	melon - made	neutral
The melon - made Agua Fresco is fantastic , I took mine with a little tequila and triple - sec .	Agua Fresco	neutral
Also , make sure you get guacamole on everything .	guacamole	neutral
I recommend this place to absolutely everyone for any occasion .	place	neutral
The employees are great , lively and just fun people , from the manager to the dishwasher they were all extremely friendly .	employees	neutral
The employees are great , lively and just fun people , from the manager to the dishwasher they were all extremely friendly .	manager	neutral
The employees are great , lively and just fun people , from the manager to the dishwasher they were all extremely friendly .	dishwasher	neutral
Got the Nacho Boy ( roast beef , REAL avocado not some toxic green paste , mushroom and swiss ) on sourdough with godfather sauce ( closest thing they had to horseradish , according to the man behind the counter . )	Nacho Boy	neutral
Sandwich was huge , and one of the messier things I have ever eaten .	Sandwich	neutral
Their food is melt in your mouth mmm mmm good .	food	neutral
I 'm not a big sandwich eater , but their 's are a MUST EAT and devour ! !	's	neutral
Great Grilled meat !	Grilled meat	neutral
Love the coriander sauce !	coriander sauce	neutral
I am giving a good rating because the wings were soooooo good and every waitress / waiter kept a smile even though they were slammed .	wings	neutral
I am giving a good rating because the wings were soooooo good and every waitress / waiter kept a smile even though they were slammed .	waitress	neutral
I am giving a good rating because the wings were soooooo good and every waitress / waiter kept a smile even though they were slammed .	waiter	neutral
Our waitress may have forgotten us	waitress	neutral
Interesting menu ... delicious and did n't disappoint !	menu	neutral
Definitely have oysters & beignets !	oysters	neutral
Definitely have oysters & beignets !	beignets	neutral
Breakfast is yummy !	Breakfast	neutral
I really enjoyed the biscuit sandwich over the other options .	biscuit sandwich	neutral
The coffee was ok nothing special .	coffee	neutral
The best spot for duck ! ! !	duck	neutral
I mean the mall it is in is kind of sketchy but the food is always on point ! ! !	food	neutral
I definitely recommend it for the food .	food	neutral
The food at this location is average on a good day and the service is awful .	food	neutral
The food at this location is average on a good day and the service is awful .	service	neutral
I wish I had the option to rate the food and the service separately .	food	neutral
I wish I had the option to rate the food and the service separately .	service	neutral
I always think to myself " man , that place smells like it has some good food " .	place	neutral
The food was incredible .	food	neutral
I told my manfriend that it was probably the most delicious pasta I 've ever had .	pasta	neutral
I ordered the lobster ravioli : it had a nice balance and was n't too seafoody , which some seafood pasta tends to be .	lobster ravioli	neutral
The sauce was a cream sauce and was n't overpowering , and it had a nice little kick .	sauce	neutral
My friend had the cheese tortellini , and it was very good as well .	cheese tortellini	neutral
ca n't imagine why * sarcasm*. I am legitimately speechless about the experience outside of the food .	food	neutral
They had a set menu for all the lovers out there , which consisted of an over the top seven course meal .	meal	neutral
The waiter agreed with us that it was entirely too much food , and it was $ 70 per person .	waiter	neutral
So we opted for two of the five pasta options they were offering that night ( not on a menu , and the waiter did n't say prices ..	waiter	neutral
I 'll get to that later ) and two cheaper glasses of wine ( $ 8 a pop ) .	glasses	neutral
I 'll get to that later ) and two cheaper glasses of wine ( $ 8 a pop ) .	wine	neutral
As we waited for our wine and food , the waiter brought out " a few pieces of bread " , which were two , three inch triangles of what I 'm assuming was their pizza crust .	waiter	neutral
As we waited for our wine and food , the waiter brought out " a few pieces of bread " , which were two , three inch triangles of what I 'm assuming was their pizza crust .	pizza	neutral
There was no side salad .	side salad	neutral
OK , so the pasta dishes must be a pretty good size " , I thought .	pasta dishes	neutral
We get our entrees , and if you 've read my paragraph on the food , you 'll know it was delicious .	food	neutral
I got five raviolis and felt good afterwards , and my friend was " comfortable " after eating all of his .	raviolis	neutral
I figured , why not get some desserts for this kind of but not really special occasion .	desserts	neutral
I had heard a different waiter telling the table behind us that they had red velvet cake or angel food cake soaked in a creamy liquor .	waiter	neutral
During this whole hour long experience , the man who I 'm assuming was the chef , was absolutely doting on a table of two people he must have been acquainted with .	chef	neutral
He brought out their wine , their salad , etc . etc .	salad	neutral
The waiter then brings the bill out .	waiter	neutral
The only reason this review is two stars and not one , is because the little food we got for $ 84 was delicious , and I was a big enough idiot to not look at your menu prices online before we came here .	food	neutral
this place is awesome ! !	place	neutral
dee dee can throw down .......	dee	neutral
the best gumbo i 've had in years and the fish is seasoned and fried to perfection .	gumbo	neutral
the best gumbo i 've had in years and the fish is seasoned and fried to perfection .	fish	neutral
the staff is super friendly and helpful they make you feel right at home .	staff	neutral
i would suggest to try the seafood gumbo , fried fish crispy , also ask dee dee to hook you up with her secret cornbread salad with a glass of sweet tea .	seafood gumbo	neutral
i would suggest to try the seafood gumbo , fried fish crispy , also ask dee dee to hook you up with her secret cornbread salad with a glass of sweet tea .	cornbread salad	neutral
this restaurant catered a play i was in called : midnight cry and the whole cast raved over the food .	food	neutral
please please please do n't sleep on this place .	place	neutral
I enjoyed my strawberry milk with tapioca and the teriyaki squid .	strawberry milk with tapioca	neutral
I enjoyed my strawberry milk with tapioca and the teriyaki squid .	teriyaki squid	neutral
The environment is also very cozy .	environment	neutral
I 've only been here one other time and it was for lunch , so I do n't remember too much about the place .	place	neutral
From reading other reviews , i 'm assuming the upstairs is a recent addition ?	upstairs	neutral
We got there around 11 pm and the downstairs area was n't really that crowded .	downstairs area	neutral
Music was your typical 80s/90s hits that most bars play .....	Music	neutral
Drinks were reasonably priced , spectacular views of the Uptown Charlotte skyline and that purrty Duke Energy Building .	Drinks	neutral
Would definitely check out the place again as I do like to switch up my spots .... it has potential to be a good Spring / Summer joint	place	neutral
I HATE THIS PLACE ! ! ! !	PLACE	neutral
NEVER have I said I HATE a restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Their food WAS ACTUALLY	food	neutral
A TERRIBLE SYSTEM ! ! ! !	SYSTEM	neutral
They offer ONLY a FEW CRAPPY DIPPING SAUCES ! ! ! ! !	DIPPING SAUCES	neutral
I want some decent choices because their chicken has NO FLAVOR ON ITS OWN ! ! ! !	chicken	neutral
The fries are very crappy , frozen crinkle fries ( like you find in the frozen grocery store section , the generic brand ) , and ours were just pieces from the bottom of the bag .	fries	neutral
( YES their sauces are that CRAPPY ! ) .	sauces	neutral
Their coleslaw is also tasteless and it actually reminds me of school - type cafeteria food .	coleslaw	neutral
I LOVE coleslaw , but his stuff ended up in the garbage .	coleslaw	neutral
I have a kid and need to cut up his chicken fingers because he likes LOTS of lemon juice on his chicken ( which I also brought from home ) and it 's messy	chicken	neutral
I like to consider myself an unofficial pizza aficionado and this is one of the better places my taste buds have enjoyed .	pizza	neutral
The slices are quite big but that does n't stop you from having more than just one , it 's is absurd to think you ca n't have more , you must .	slices	neutral
Liberty Market has a nice atmosphere and the food is pretty good .	atmosphere	neutral
Liberty Market has a nice atmosphere and the food is pretty good .	food	neutral
As far as the food goes , I like the wood fired pizza 's and have tried a couple of sandwiches also	wood	neutral
As far as the food goes , I like the wood fired pizza 's and have tried a couple of sandwiches also	fired pizza 's	neutral
As far as the food goes , I like the wood fired pizza 's and have tried a couple of sandwiches also	sandwiches	neutral
The salmon BLT is pretty good .	salmon BLT	neutral
They have San Tan and Four Peaks beer as well as some other Arizona brews ,	San Tan	neutral
They have San Tan and Four Peaks beer as well as some other Arizona brews ,	Four Peaks beer	neutral
The restrooms are also pretty nifty , so there 's that as well .	restrooms	neutral
I ended up ordering an omelet with veggies and turkey , with hashbrown ( so many reviews raved about how awesome they were ) , and wheat toast , as well as an iced latte with Irish Cream flavor and an extra shot (	hashbrown	neutral
yay , food !	food	neutral
The omelet was decent , nothing spectacular , but good ( could 've used some hot sauce though ) , and the hashbrown ... meh .	omelet	neutral
The omelet was decent , nothing spectacular , but good ( could 've used some hot sauce though ) , and the hashbrown ... meh .	hashbrown	neutral
I mean I like my hashbrowns	hashbrowns	neutral
I liked the seasoning on them , but I was n't too much of a fan ; wo n't be getting the hashbrown again ...	hashbrown	neutral
I 'll go with the homestyle potatoes next time .	homestyle potatoes	neutral
As far as the iced latte ...	iced latte	neutral
That way , if something is n't to my liking , hopefully it will get corrected ( ie , my iced latte ) , and everyone will be happy !	iced latte	neutral
Wonderful staff .	staff	neutral
Great floral department and Deli .	floral department	neutral
Great floral department and Deli .	Deli	neutral
The women are so helpful .	women	neutral
Butchers are so helpful also .	Butchers	neutral
Very clean store with great selections .	store	neutral
Place was clean .	Place	neutral
Everything tasted fresh ( except the sweet tea ) .	sweet tea	neutral
The fries did n't have much flavor , BUT they were very clearly real potatoes , not processed .	fries	neutral
We did get some prepared shrimp - stuffed portobello mushrooms which I baked for dinner	portobello mushrooms	neutral
I 'm planning on going back to try different dishes .	dishes	neutral
Pizza is always cooked perfectly !	Pizza	neutral
I enjoy the outdoor seating options as well .	outdoor seating	neutral
I wish this location had a lot more seating as the interior of the restaurant can feel a little bit crammed .	interior	neutral
I wish this location had a lot more seating as the interior of the restaurant can feel a little bit crammed .	restaurant	neutral
Service is horrible .	Service	neutral
Daniel Boulud bears a passing resemblance to Bouchon , but there are differences .	Daniel	neutral
Both restaurants have an informal , relaxed feel , but Daniel Boulud is slightly fancier .	Daniel	neutral
Both serve simple food , but here too Daniel Boulud is slightly fancier .	Daniel	neutral
I ate at Daniel Boulud shortly after it opened , and there were a couple of service lapses - nothing dramatic , but annoying .	service	neutral
By the time I returned , service had improved , so I ascribe the problems to growing pains .	service	neutral
The same menu is offered in all locations .	menu	neutral
The atmosphere is relaxed , there 's lots of greenery , and once it gets dark there 's a modest but interesting light show on the water .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is relaxed , there 's lots of greenery , and once it gets dark there 's a modest but interesting light show on the water .	light show	neutral
The sweetbreads were served as a fried slab with a crunchy coating ; very good .	sweetbreads	neutral
Now ( drum roll please ) on to the veal cheeks .	veal cheeks	neutral
Tender , cut - with - a - fork , full of flavor , with a rich sauce .	sauce	neutral
This is one of my favorite dishes in recent memory .	dishes	neutral
It was extremely tender , falling apart , with a rich sauce .	sauce	neutral
On the side were small pieces of zucchini , yellow squash , fingerling potatoes , and some leafy vegetable .	zucchini	neutral
The meal started with Pate de Campagne Forestiere : a large slice of moderately coarse pate , served with thick toasted slices of country bread , small pickled vegetables , and a little mustard .	pate	neutral
This consisted of the leg quarter of a duck , the meat rich , soft and strongly flavored , the skin crispy / crunchy .	duck	neutral
Surrounding the duck were several varieties of mushrooms , in a dark sauce .	mushrooms	neutral
I used some of the breads provided ( sesame semolina ; country ; baguette ) to sop it up .	breads	neutral
This is another excellent entree .	entree	neutral
Finally came Cocoa - Crusted Profiteroles .	Profiteroles	neutral
Three round pieces of pastry were studded with bits of dark chocolate , filled with rocky road ice cream , with bittersweet chocolate sauce .	pastry	neutral
This version was delicious , with chunks of very dark , rich chocolate .	chocolate	neutral
The food was almost as good as my first meal here and , given the smoother service , was even more satisfying .	food	neutral
The food was almost as good as my first meal here and , given the smoother service , was even more satisfying .	service	neutral
The customer service is deplorable .	customer service	neutral
The only thing good about this place is their french fries .	french fries	neutral
I do n't rave about " good " food .	food	neutral
I rave about amazing food .	food	neutral
The type of food that I have dreams about .	food	neutral
The type of food that makes me want to bring about a thousand dollars cash and gorge myself untill I need an ambulance .	food	neutral
makes just that kind of food .	food	neutral
Too often when we think of Mexican food , we think of a variety samey tasting , samey textured mixtures of ground beef , yellow cheese , beans , and tomatoes stuffed into a processed flour tortilla covered with a plastic sauce ( I 'm looking at you Emiliano 's ) .	yellow cheese	neutral
Too often when we think of Mexican food , we think of a variety samey tasting , samey textured mixtures of ground beef , yellow cheese , beans , and tomatoes stuffed into a processed flour tortilla covered with a plastic sauce ( I 'm looking at you Emiliano 's ) .	beans	neutral
Too often when we think of Mexican food , we think of a variety samey tasting , samey textured mixtures of ground beef , yellow cheese , beans , and tomatoes stuffed into a processed flour tortilla covered with a plastic sauce ( I 'm looking at you Emiliano 's ) .	tortilla	neutral
Too often when we think of Mexican food , we think of a variety samey tasting , samey textured mixtures of ground beef , yellow cheese , beans , and tomatoes stuffed into a processed flour tortilla covered with a plastic sauce ( I 'm looking at you Emiliano 's ) .	sauce	neutral
The tacos here are aboslutely amazing .	tacos	neutral
Fresh ingredients cooked right there on an old plancha - style grill that has absorbed the flavors of countless meals and stuffed into fresh corn tortillas are a truly enlightening experience .	ingredients	neutral
Fresh ingredients cooked right there on an old plancha - style grill that has absorbed the flavors of countless meals and stuffed into fresh corn tortillas are a truly enlightening experience .	grill	neutral
Fresh ingredients cooked right there on an old plancha - style grill that has absorbed the flavors of countless meals and stuffed into fresh corn tortillas are a truly enlightening experience .	meals	neutral
Fresh ingredients cooked right there on an old plancha - style grill that has absorbed the flavors of countless meals and stuffed into fresh corn tortillas are a truly enlightening experience .	corn tortillas	neutral
The tacos are assembled to your liking .	tacos	neutral
I like mine with the works : the perfectly cooked meat on the warm tortilla then covered with queso fresco , tomatoes , lettuce , onion , cilantro , fresh lime juice , and sour cream .	meat	neutral
I like mine with the works : the perfectly cooked meat on the warm tortilla then covered with queso fresco , tomatoes , lettuce , onion , cilantro , fresh lime juice , and sour cream .	warm	neutral
I like mine with the works : the perfectly cooked meat on the warm tortilla then covered with queso fresco , tomatoes , lettuce , onion , cilantro , fresh lime juice , and sour cream .	tortilla	neutral
I like mine with the works : the perfectly cooked meat on the warm tortilla then covered with queso fresco , tomatoes , lettuce , onion , cilantro , fresh lime juice , and sour cream .	queso fresco	neutral
I like mine with the works : the perfectly cooked meat on the warm tortilla then covered with queso fresco , tomatoes , lettuce , onion , cilantro , fresh lime juice , and sour cream .	sour	neutral
My far less adventurous girlfriend stays with the chicken .	chicken	neutral
They have other choices ranging from pork , to steak , to shrimp , to the ever popular ground beef ( got ta please everyone I guess ) .	pork	neutral
They have other choices ranging from pork , to steak , to shrimp , to the ever popular ground beef ( got ta please everyone I guess ) .	steak	neutral
They have other choices ranging from pork , to steak , to shrimp , to the ever popular ground beef ( got ta please everyone I guess ) .	shrimp	neutral
They have other choices ranging from pork , to steak , to shrimp , to the ever popular ground beef ( got ta please everyone I guess ) .	ground beef	neutral
After you order your tacos , try one of the fresh made flavored waters there .	flavored waters	neutral
The fresh lime water is always my favorite , and is there every day , but they also have hibiscus , watermelon and other flavor selections .	fresh lime water	neutral
My girlfriend got the horchata , a milk based concoction with cinnamon , nutmeg and sugar .	horchata	neutral
Come to Reyna 's .	Reyna 's	neutral
The tacos are amazing .	tacos	neutral
The waitress kept on ignoring our table .	waitress	neutral
As for the desserts , they were truly lackluster .	desserts	neutral
Presentation is a 3 . 5 , but the taste is more like a 2 .	Presentation	neutral
Nothing stood out to me , and you 'd imagine something would at an average price of $ 7 per dessert .	dessert	neutral
For reference , we had the cheesecake , the special ( a poor rendition of smores ) , and the apple thing ( texture was way off , and lukewarm ) .	cheesecake	neutral
For reference , we had the cheesecake , the special ( a poor rendition of smores ) , and the apple thing ( texture was way off , and lukewarm ) .	special	neutral
For reference , we had the cheesecake , the special ( a poor rendition of smores ) , and the apple thing ( texture was way off , and lukewarm ) .	apple thing	neutral
The only part of the food that stood out to me was the spicy tuna with rock shrimp roll - one of their signature dishes I believe - and they only gave us two pieces of that as part of the assorted makimono .	spicy tuna with rock shrimp roll	neutral
I personally did n't enjoy the seaweed salad - it was way overdressed and even so the flavour was questionable .	seaweed salad	neutral
The other maki ( spicy salmon , hamachi , samurai roll ) were seriously comparable to stuff you would get at AYCE sushi spots !	spicy salmon	neutral
The other maki ( spicy salmon , hamachi , samurai roll ) were seriously comparable to stuff you would get at AYCE sushi spots !	hamachi	neutral
The other maki ( spicy salmon , hamachi , samurai roll ) were seriously comparable to stuff you would get at AYCE sushi spots !	samurai roll	neutral
The cheesecake was nothing special either .	cheesecake	neutral
Service was alright .	Service	neutral
Then , after a few minutes of me rapidly looking up their menu to make sure that we were missing something , the waitress came out and explained that oops , that particular roll is cooked hot ( it was n't ) and hence delivered separately .	roll	neutral
For some reason I was also under the impression that the restaurant would be relatively quiet and relaxed - a mistake !	restaurant	neutral
Had to strain to hear what the other was saying over all the din and noise ; not a great location for a conversation or serious business meeting .	location	neutral
This place is pretty dang good especially for the price !	place	neutral
and I 've heard nothing but good things about this place .	place	neutral
I got a small plate which you get to choose 1 meat 1 side and it automatically comes with a scoop of rice for only 4 . 99 .	plate	neutral
I got the teriyaki chicken and Mac salad	teriyaki chicken	neutral
I got the teriyaki chicken and Mac salad	Mac salad	neutral
and it was a decent amount of food !	food	neutral
I 'm usually picky with my Mac salad but this one was very good and the chicken was good as well just kind of fatty .	chicken	neutral
The donuts here are soft and pillowy .	donuts	neutral
They were not greasy , the pink box was not soaked with oil .	pink box	neutral
The 3rd day , the donuts became harder and not as good .	donuts	neutral
My favorite is the custard filled with chocolate frosting .	custard	neutral
Another one I like is the plain glazed donut .	plain glazed	neutral
Another one I like is the plain glazed donut .	donut	neutral
My husband likes the bear claws .	bear claws	neutral
The jelly filled was also good .	jelly filled	neutral
The owners are so nice and humble .	owners	neutral
I 've been thinking hardly to drive 4 . 5 hours to get my fix of Ronald 's .	Ronald	neutral
This is my favorite place to eat by far in downtown Cleveland .	place	neutral
The sandwiches are a bit pricey but soooooo worth it .	sandwiches	neutral
Very good old fashioned Italian Restaurant .	Italian Restaurant	neutral
Excellent food and service .	food	neutral
Excellent food and service .	service	neutral
This place rocks , it is not true italine so get off that idea , but the food is yummy .	place	neutral
This place rocks , it is not true italine so get off that idea , but the food is yummy .	food	neutral
The server is always very nice and so is that manager who is at the front to seat you and take your payment .	server	neutral
The server is always very nice and so is that manager who is at the front to seat you and take your payment .	manager	neutral
They do although lack on telling you what the specials are , and there attention to customer service is sorta out the window when they are crazy busy , but I do not give them a star less because of that .	customer service	neutral
it is a great family place for fake italine but extreamly yummy food .	food	neutral
but their regular menu was pretty good ) .	regular menu	neutral
Her clam dish was good ( had a lot of clams ) but was a little on the salty side for me .	clam dish	neutral
My poki bowl was delicious !	poki bowl	neutral
The fish were seasoned just right and the sauce that they put on it was delicious .	fish	neutral
The fish were seasoned just right and the sauce that they put on it was delicious .	sauce	neutral
I have to say I quite enjoyed my dish .	dish	neutral
Prices were reasonable and service was alright .	service	neutral
Would definitely come back and try their happy hour because it looked like everything was cheap enough to order multiple things to try .	happy hour	neutral
Really good food but prices are a bit expensive for what you get ( small portions ) .	food	neutral
Really good food but prices are a bit expensive for what you get ( small portions ) .	portions	neutral
However giving it 4 stars because the food WAS really good-	food	neutral
Service was pleasant .	Service	neutral
If you can sit on the left side do , we were sat on the right side and the ambience was a lot less nice .	ambience	neutral
While we were waiting we stood in the line at the buffet to only be disappointed by cold food that looked like it had been sitting out since they opened .	food	neutral
The enchiladas were burnt , the eggs and pancakes were cold ,	enchiladas	neutral
The enchiladas were burnt , the eggs and pancakes were cold ,	eggs	neutral
The enchiladas were burnt , the eggs and pancakes were cold ,	pancakes	neutral
the veggie lasagna and pork tenderloin cold ... need I go on ?	veggie lasagna	neutral
the veggie lasagna and pork tenderloin cold ... need I go on ?	pork tenderloin	neutral
It took another 20 minutes for the manager to appear .	manager	neutral
We went back to our seat and never saw the manager again who said I will come right back to check on you .	manager	neutral
Instead our server came back with our check and we asked to speak to the manager again ...	server	neutral
She said the owner would not allow that to happen instead she gave me a voucher to come back ( why would I want to come back to a place where the customer service and food were below par ) .	customer service	neutral
She said the owner would not allow that to happen instead she gave me a voucher to come back ( why would I want to come back to a place where the customer service and food were below par ) .	food	neutral
We decided to leave after 3 hours of dealing with awful customer service only to see the boat was actually in use .	customer service	neutral
We decided to give the boat ride one more shot ( my 6 year old daughter was looking forward to it ) only to then be told it had to be charged AGAIN !	boat ride	neutral
Make sure you can provide your customers with the experience that you advertise ( boat rides and amazing ( HOT food ) especially for $ 48 pp !	food	neutral
The owner needs to make some changes if he is going to continue running a successful business !	owner	neutral
We got the basic Mac n cheese and the Bayou .	Mac n cheese	neutral
Portions were kinda small , but tasty .	Portions	neutral
Desserts ( peach cobbler and sweet potato pie ) were not good .	Desserts	neutral
Desserts ( peach cobbler and sweet potato pie ) were not good .	peach cobbler	neutral
Desserts ( peach cobbler and sweet potato pie ) were not good .	sweet potato pie	neutral
The cobbler was warmed up canned peaches with tons of syrup and some strange floury tasting barely cooked " pastry " on top .	cobbler	neutral
The pie was better , but not that good , and the crust was raw .	pie	neutral
The pie was better , but not that good , and the crust was raw .	crust	neutral
Mac Shack is much better .	Mac Shack	neutral
This place has " pretty " good hotdogs .	hotdogs	neutral
I tried the bulgogi since their name is based of bulgogi , I figured that should be their specialty .	bulgogi	neutral
I love hotdogs and that particular hot dog just was n't very good , ESPECIALLY not for the price .	hot dog	neutral
However my husband ordered the buckeye and that was delicious , but once again it 's a hotdog	buckeye	neutral
We went for lunch and our server was great and quick .	server	neutral
I had a couple tacos and the cucumber orange salad , my friend had a burrito .	tacos	neutral
I had a couple tacos and the cucumber orange salad , my friend had a burrito .	cucumber orange salad	neutral
The salsa that comes right away is very flavorful and was well enjoyed .	salsa	neutral
Only downside for us ( just based on our preferences and sounds super picky ) is that the chips are just too thick .	chips	neutral
All in all , great spot for lunch and looking forward to trying more again soon !	spot	neutral
And extra money for sourcream ? ?	sourcream	neutral
While they do have a good amount of beer to choose from they 're pretty pricey if you 're not here during happy hour .	beer	neutral
The appetizers were pretty good and I enjoyed the buffalo chip dip the best they too were pretty pricey .	appetizers	neutral
The appetizers were pretty good and I enjoyed the buffalo chip dip the best they too were pretty pricey .	buffalo chip dip	neutral
Overall if your willing to spend some cash to enjoy yourself then this is your place .	place	neutral
I really enjoyed Blaze Pizza .	Blaze Pizza	neutral
Unlimited topping for about $ 8 ?	topping	neutral
Quality pizza and ingredients .	pizza	neutral
Quality pizza and ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
This place was really good .	place	neutral
I had their calamari , husband got the mussles , I ordered this drink that came in a pineapple .	calamari	neutral
I had their calamari , husband got the mussles , I ordered this drink that came in a pineapple .	mussles	neutral
This place makes you feel like you are dinning right by the beach .	place	neutral
They have a good poke bowl and fresh oysters .	poke bowl	neutral
They have a good poke bowl and fresh oysters .	oysters	neutral
Bons steaks , ambiance agr辿able avec 2 salles .	ambiance	neutral
viande plus une salade ( tip compris )	salade	neutral
Friends of ours had recommend this place to us , but I think if you are looking for a great Greek food experience you need to look elsewhere .	Greek food	neutral
I find the food is a bit overpriced for the quality .	food	neutral
One thing I expect from a Greek restaurant is a good Greek salad , and I 've had better Greek salads from some chain restaurants I 've eaten at .	Greek salad	neutral
One thing I expect from a Greek restaurant is a good Greek salad , and I 've had better Greek salads from some chain restaurants I 've eaten at .	Greek	neutral
The one nice thing about this restaurant is the patio .	patio	neutral
They have a very large patio to accommodate many .	patio	neutral
I 've heard great things about some of their appetizers , so if I 'm ever to try this place again it will only be for apps and maybe a cocktail drink because their beer list is limited to domestic beers that lack flavor !	appetizers	neutral
The place was fairly clean and packed with white people - we did n't notice until we entered the restaurant and by that time it was too rude to walk out .	place	neutral
Sorry to be stereotypical but when you enter a Korean restaurant with no Korean customers , it 's usually a bad omen .	restaurant	neutral
The food came out awfully slow though I 'll give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt because the place was somewhat packed ( again with Caucasians ) .	food	neutral
Things started to turn for the worse when my friend 's bibimbap arrived in which it came with NO SAUCE .	bibimbap	neutral
Next came the 6 side dishes .	side dishes	neutral
The kimchi was neither sour nor spicy - it was literally plain cabbage with red sauce over .	kimchi	neutral
There was this green pancake as well which was pretty cool but was too greasy .	green pancake	neutral
The only good dishes were the potatoes and the fermented cucumbers .	dishes	neutral
The only good dishes were the potatoes and the fermented cucumbers .	potatoes	neutral
The only good dishes were the potatoes and the fermented cucumbers .	fermented cucumbers	neutral
In terms of refilling , the waitress refilled it but very unwillingly .	waitress	neutral
However , the food in itself was awful .	food	neutral
The seafood was neither fresh or abundant and the colour of the soup was scarily artificial red .	seafood	neutral
The seafood was neither fresh or abundant and the colour of the soup was scarily artificial red .	soup	neutral
However there are other Korean restaurants down the strip that offer better food at a similar price point .	food	neutral
Got ta be joking to hear a buffet sold out n then to pay more then its not sold out ..	buffet	neutral
The drinks are absolutely amazing .	drinks	neutral
The food is very good but not ' off the chain good ' .	food	neutral
Somewhat cooler weather type dishes but this is expected since its English and Indian .... the Impossible Meat dish is really amazing .	dishes	neutral
Somewhat cooler weather type dishes but this is expected since its English and Indian .... the Impossible Meat dish is really amazing .	Impossible Meat dish	neutral
I love , love , love their egg Benedict with salmon .	egg Benedict with salmon	neutral
Also , awesome friendly service and clean kitchen make it a true gem for me .	service	neutral
Also , awesome friendly service and clean kitchen make it a true gem for me .	kitchen	neutral
I 'm sad to see sammys wood fire pizza go , but I like this restaurant better	wood fire pizza	neutral
The moment u walk in , the smoky aroma of a wood - fired oven reassures u that u picked the right place to eat .	wood - fired oven	neutral
The moment u walk in , the smoky aroma of a wood - fired oven reassures u that u picked the right place to eat .	place	neutral
It 's a more casual sit down restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
U order at a counter & a waiter brings your food and wine in 5 - 10 minutes .	waiter	neutral
Staff was polite , decor was nature - friendly glass , stone , greens and Browns , and the best part ....	Staff	neutral
Staff was polite , decor was nature - friendly glass , stone , greens and Browns , and the best part ....	decor	neutral
food was local , organic , lots of vegan options and totally delicious ! ! !	food	neutral
I had marinated steak Caesar salad with glass of Sauvignon blanc .... mouthwatering good !	marinated steak Caesar salad	neutral
It was hard to stay away from the chips and beans but I managed .	chips	neutral
I ordered the chicken tacos and just emptied the middle and dumped the shell .	chicken tacos	neutral
The only reason this review is n't 5 star is because of one specific hostess that killed our mood .	hostess	neutral
The food is outstanding for the price .	food	neutral
This place is wonderful .	place	neutral
The coffee is freshly roasted multiple times a week .	coffee	neutral
The people running it are incredibly friendly .	people	neutral
The coffees are fantastic , particularly the breaking bad menu .	coffees	neutral
The coffees are fantastic , particularly the breaking bad menu .	breaking bad menu	neutral
The friends who I was staying with made it a goal to go to Primanti during our visit and indeed we did .	Primanti	neutral
We decided on mostly the same sandwich all around which was the Pitts - Burgher Cheese Steak and their signature fries .	fries	neutral
We were not disappointed at all with the meal as it was tasty and delicious , although we may have needed two to fill us up !	meal	neutral
I 'm usually not one for cole slaw or tomatoes but my sandwich alone was delicious enough to eat the entire thing !	sandwich	neutral
I do n't think I 've ever had bad Ethiopean food	Ethiopean food	neutral
so the best I can say about this place is that it 's not so bad , but not so great either .	place	neutral
I do nt think I ve ever experienced such service .	service	neutral
I commented on how adorable the little plates shaped like hearts were and was told by the lovely women in charge to just keep it !	plates	neutral
The food was very affordable and delicious .	food	neutral
This is by far , the worst hotel on the planet .	hotel	neutral
The hotel is positively filthy .	hotel	neutral
It is said that Death Valley is the lowest point in the United States , but that 's incorrect , it is actually the sagging mattress on which you 're hesitant to sleep because life has been great so far without bed bug bites .	Death	neutral
It is said that Death Valley is the lowest point in the United States , but that 's incorrect , it is actually the sagging mattress on which you 're hesitant to sleep because life has been great so far without bed bug bites .	bed	neutral
If you want a sink in the bathroom that actually drains ... look elsewhere .	bathroom	neutral
If you want a room in which the entryway light does n't turn on and off all night long on its own , this definitely is n't the place for you .	entryway light	neutral
This does n't take into account that there 's a nightclub in the lobby that opens at midnight and closes at 7 am .	nightclub	neutral
How this place manages a 3 star rating is beyond logic and reason .	place	neutral
This place is basically GitMo .	place	neutral
Great , then give me my money back and give this dump of a room to someone else .	room	neutral
This place is a great concept ....	place	neutral
It is all prepared and packaged to go , they have fancy deli cases filled with different meals .	deli	neutral
They have different meals each day .	meals	neutral
The portions looked small and the prices were steep , but I picked out a really nice salmon salad-- it ended up being way more filling than I had anticipated .	portions	neutral
The portions looked small and the prices were steep , but I picked out a really nice salmon salad-- it ended up being way more filling than I had anticipated .	salmon salad--	neutral
Anyhow , I can see how some people would really love this place and this concept .	place	neutral
It 's great if you do n't like to cook or know how to cook-- I am thinking this place was made for the single man with finer tastes in food instead of going to the fast food drive thru .	food	neutral
We tried dim sum and dinner there , it is decent .	dim sum	neutral
But got ta love their tofu fa in a wooden tub ! ! !	tofu fa	neutral
But got ta love their tofu fa in a wooden tub ! ! !	wooden tub	neutral
Hands down the best sushi in Vegas .	sushi	neutral
The Black Cod Soy is perfectly seasoned and flakey .	Black Cod Soy	neutral
The fish is the freshest that I have found in Vegas .	fish	neutral
Get any of the rolls with the spicy garlic ponzu sauce ! !	rolls	neutral
Get any of the rolls with the spicy garlic ponzu sauce ! !	spicy garlic ponzu sauce	neutral
Or just let the chef choose for you .	chef	neutral
The food was just okay .	food	neutral
I really like this place , it 's a great find in the Etobicoke / area .	place	neutral
So far , I have tried a couple of the curry dishes , a few noodle dishes and everything has been great .	curry dishes	neutral
So far , I have tried a couple of the curry dishes , a few noodle dishes and everything has been great .	noodle dishes	neutral
I particularly enjoyed the street style pad thai which is interesting ( and delicious ) and not available every where .	street style	neutral
I particularly enjoyed the street style pad thai which is interesting ( and delicious ) and not available every where .	pad thai	neutral
Any of the peanut curry / peanut dishes are also great .	peanut curry / peanut dishes	neutral
Games room is enormous and full of all the arcade games that you can imagine and more , and there is another section of casino - like machines and roulettes where you can also play and win tickets for prices in the process .	Games room	neutral
Lunch was good , typical american menu ( we ate nachos , guacamole , fried chicken ... ) , it was nothing out of the ordinary , what stands out are the games .	Lunch	neutral
Lunch was good , typical american menu ( we ate nachos , guacamole , fried chicken ... ) , it was nothing out of the ordinary , what stands out are the games .	guacamole	neutral
The delivery gentleman was prompt and courteous and thanked me for the order even though it extended his work day .	delivery gentleman	neutral
Overpriced tasteless burger .	burger	neutral
Fries are no better .	Fries	neutral
Do n't bother with this place .	place	neutral
I was never a fan of this outlet 's layout .	layout	neutral
In my opinion , the Under Armour and Nike at this outlet has the best selection and deals .	Nike	neutral
And most recently , North Face had some bargains that I just could n't pass up .	North	neutral
The restaurant options at this outlet is better than the south outlet .	restaurant	neutral
This outlet has a Cheesecake Factory , Chipotle , Shake Shack ( expensive small burgers ) , and even Amorino for some legit gelato .	burgers	neutral
However , I 'm still not a huge fan of the layout .	layout	neutral
This place is a joke and the people that work there is a joke ! !	place	neutral
Terrible customer service whether it 's delivery or not ..	customer service	neutral
Terrible customer service whether it 's delivery or not ..	delivery	neutral
Really cute place to go and get coffee and take a stroll in park ! ! !	place	neutral
Love the atmosphere and friendly staff and service was quick ! ! !	atmosphere	neutral
Love the atmosphere and friendly staff and service was quick ! ! !	staff	neutral
Love the atmosphere and friendly staff and service was quick ! ! !	service	neutral
Coffee was amazing ! ! !	Coffee	neutral
Typical indian in an aluminium tray !	indian	neutral
Curry potatoes , a choice of lentils or chick peas , some sort of vegetable delicious mush ( I do n't have any clue what it was ) , cabbage , rice and of course naan bread , regular or fried .	Curry	neutral
Curry potatoes , a choice of lentils or chick peas , some sort of vegetable delicious mush ( I do n't have any clue what it was ) , cabbage , rice and of course naan bread , regular or fried .	lentils	neutral
Curry potatoes , a choice of lentils or chick peas , some sort of vegetable delicious mush ( I do n't have any clue what it was ) , cabbage , rice and of course naan bread , regular or fried .	rice	neutral
I recommend the fried one as it tasted and looked like a plain and unsweetened beaver tail .	fried one	neutral
It was friendly enough and I would definitely go back to try their big array of samosas .	samosas	neutral
2 plates for 15 $ ca n't really beat that	plates	neutral
I do not recommend the large pizza they say serves 6 .	large	neutral
I do not recommend the large pizza they say serves 6 .	pizza	neutral
It 's 6 slices for $ 40 of a basic pizza .	pizza	neutral
Stick to the slices in this case .	slices	neutral
You can split most of the pizzas there with one other person , especially if you split an app too .	pizzas	neutral
You can split most of the pizzas there with one other person , especially if you split an app too .	app	neutral
Oh , the wait was about an hour .	wait	neutral
Great service !	service	neutral
Also , Lone Star is on their beer menu .	beer	neutral
The National Beer of Texas !	Beer	neutral
Since the waitress was so busy the manager took our drink and food orders	waitress	neutral
Since the waitress was so busy the manager took our drink and food orders	manager	neutral
Food is always amazing at CPK .	Food	neutral
The restaurant was so busy but both manager and waitress was always there to make sure we were taking care of !	manager	neutral
The restaurant was so busy but both manager and waitress was always there to make sure we were taking care of !	waitress	neutral
Great service , food and	service	neutral
Great service , food and	food	neutral
I like the ambience .	ambience	neutral
service sucks	service	neutral
and the food is mediocre .	food	neutral
think big portions of deep fried blah food .	portions	neutral
think big portions of deep fried blah food .	food	neutral
This is not your traditional ramen place .	ramen place	neutral
They have an incredible selection of all kinds of ramen , curries , etc .	ramen	neutral
They have an incredible selection of all kinds of ramen , curries , etc .	curries	neutral
For the price you are paying , you get quite a large bowl that seriously fills your tummy .	bowl	neutral
The quality of each ramen is a hit or miss , but the majority of them that i tried have been very positive .	ramen	neutral
The only one i would nt recommend is thr tonkatsu which tasted quite hard and unflavorful .	tonkatsu	neutral
The soup broth is not incredibly rich , but like i said they do nt serve traditional ramen , but they make up for it for their creative flavors !	soup broth	neutral
The soup broth is not incredibly rich , but like i said they do nt serve traditional ramen , but they make up for it for their creative flavors !	ramen	neutral
The service is always amazing .	service	neutral
The owner is always there and make us feel so welcomed !	owner	neutral
The wall art of the sumo wrestlers are a bit weird though .	wall art	neutral
The wall art of the sumo wrestlers are a bit weird though .	sumo wrestlers	neutral
Decor was very nice , atmosphere is also fun and sophisticated , food was ... meh .	Decor	neutral
Decor was very nice , atmosphere is also fun and sophisticated , food was ... meh .	atmosphere	neutral
Decor was very nice , atmosphere is also fun and sophisticated , food was ... meh .	food	neutral
For the price , it 's just standard bar food .	bar food	neutral
The wait staff is very attentive but the food has no personality .	wait staff	neutral
The wait staff is very attentive but the food has no personality .	food	neutral
I think the only thing that i thought was good would 've been the apple pie with icecream being crispy and fresh .	apple pie with icecream	neutral
, this place seems dressy and romantic .	place	neutral
But if you want quality awesome culinary experience .. this is not the place .	culinary	neutral
The delivery people came ( in a pair ) with no interact ( So I assume they expect cash ) which was something they could have asked for over the phone .	delivery	neutral
There are many other places that offer free delivery with purchases over 25$. Would not recommend ordering from here	delivery	neutral
I have eaten here before and experienced much better than service/ food .	service/	neutral
I have eaten here before and experienced much better than service/ food .	food	neutral
The burger this time around just did n't cut it for me .	burger	neutral
Truffle fries were OK .	Truffle fries	neutral
Sweet potato fries are always good .	Sweet potato fries	neutral
My sisters and I enjoyed the incredible vegetarian and vegan selection , but the food is very pricey .	vegetarian	neutral
My sisters and I enjoyed the incredible vegetarian and vegan selection , but the food is very pricey .	vegan selection	neutral
My sisters and I enjoyed the incredible vegetarian and vegan selection , but the food is very pricey .	food	neutral
Maybe the quality and selection compensate for the price , but the atmosphere and service certainly don't-- this is cafeteria buffet style !	atmosphere	neutral
Maybe the quality and selection compensate for the price , but the atmosphere and service certainly don't-- this is cafeteria buffet style !	service	neutral
I have to say i am very impressed with the food and the service .	food	neutral
I have to say i am very impressed with the food and the service .	service	neutral
It is some of the best Chinese food i have tasted in a long time .	Chinese food	neutral
I can not wait to try the rest of there menu .	menu	neutral
I especially look forward to trying there duck ...	duck	neutral
The lunch was affordable and the staff was friendly .	lunch	neutral
The lunch was affordable and the staff was friendly .	staff	neutral
I had the lunch calzone special .	lunch calzone	neutral
I should definitely come back and try something else , but I was a little underwhelmed by the calzone .	calzone	neutral
Painfully slow , uneven service , unfriendly waiter , unbalanced amount of food on plates for different members of our group ( one huge salad for a woman next to a spoonful of teeny tiny scallops for a large man ) , many dishes " ok " but not a wow .	service	neutral
Painfully slow , uneven service , unfriendly waiter , unbalanced amount of food on plates for different members of our group ( one huge salad for a woman next to a spoonful of teeny tiny scallops for a large man ) , many dishes " ok " but not a wow .	waiter	neutral
Painfully slow , uneven service , unfriendly waiter , unbalanced amount of food on plates for different members of our group ( one huge salad for a woman next to a spoonful of teeny tiny scallops for a large man ) , many dishes " ok " but not a wow .	salad	neutral
Painfully slow , uneven service , unfriendly waiter , unbalanced amount of food on plates for different members of our group ( one huge salad for a woman next to a spoonful of teeny tiny scallops for a large man ) , many dishes " ok " but not a wow .	dishes	neutral
Desserts were also uneven .	Desserts	neutral
Way overpriced for unfriendly service and moderately good food .	service	neutral
Way overpriced for unfriendly service and moderately good food .	food	neutral
Go to Binkleys and have a blast , they are unpretentious and upbeat and the food is more creative .	food	neutral
The front hostesses , on the other hand , were very nice and took good care of us while waiting for our table .	front hostesses	neutral
I enjoyed the friendly welcome by the host who gave us an option on seating and provided advise on decision made .	host	neutral
Our waitress , Angela , was natural and genuine .	waitress	neutral
Our waitress , Angela , was natural and genuine .	Angela	neutral
The menu mimiced other pizza bistros .	menu	neutral
I found the " Chicago " style Italian sausage sandwich with all the fixins .	Italian sausage sandwich	neutral
I , being a Chicago native , was especially interested in the Italian beef & sausage with peppers Sandwich .	Italian beef & sausage with peppers Sandwich	neutral
Unfortunately , the sandwich cost was overpriced for the the combination of italian beef and a side order of italian sausage .	sandwich	neutral
Unfortunately , the sandwich cost was overpriced for the the combination of italian beef and a side order of italian sausage .	italian beef	neutral
Unfortunately , the sandwich cost was overpriced for the the combination of italian beef and a side order of italian sausage .	italian sausage	neutral
The sandwich combo was good but definitely overpriced .	sandwich combo	neutral
Great place	place	neutral
Amazing onion soup ...	onion soup	neutral
so yeah .... great place to put a BBQ establishment !	BBQ establishment	neutral
I decided to go with something not too heavy , not knowing that a light meal here is equivalent to a light meal in Hawaii ... no such things as smeediums here .	meal	neutral
The sandwiches offer a check in discount to include some dessert as well .	sandwiches	neutral
It comes with a brisket burger , deep fried onion crisps , there very own BBQ sauce , cheddar cheese on a lightly toasted bun and topped with some pickles and peppers .	bun	neutral
So note to self , burgers and sandwiches come with the quickness .	burgers	neutral
So note to self , burgers and sandwiches come with the quickness .	sandwiches	neutral
However , there is something about burgers that in now way humanly possible can fit into anyone 's mouth , no matter how much you smash it down by hand .	burgers	neutral
But seriously , I 'd rather complain about my meal being way over sized versus being a meal for an action figure .	meal	neutral
The Okra was on point and the BBQ is a nice compliment .	Okra	neutral
The Okra was on point and the BBQ is a nice compliment .	BBQ	neutral
The decor is like most BBQ joints that is accustomed to getting thrashed following a nice serving , evidenced by the whole paper towel rolls at each table .	decor	neutral
The decor is like most BBQ joints that is accustomed to getting thrashed following a nice serving , evidenced by the whole paper towel rolls at each table .	serving	neutral
The place appears to stick to it 's Arkansas roots and has the Razorback Fight Song posted on the wall in the extended dining room .	dining	neutral
What rubbed me the wrong way was that I dropped a few bucks in the tip bucket right in front of the waiter , and he did not even acknowledge it .	waiter	neutral
I definitely want to come back to try the ribs and other offerings , so if its BBQ you want , this is the place to be .	ribs	neutral
Pumpkin pancakes are in season !	Pumpkin pancakes	neutral
It was my first visit to Taco Guild love it .	Taco	neutral
Loved the food and the history .	food	neutral
I got a mini tour of the place by the manager .	manager	neutral
The atmosphere is very nice .	atmosphere	neutral
The food was really good .	food	neutral
The prices were very average for pub food .	pub food	neutral
The atmosphere was dull , surprising during a football game .	atmosphere	neutral
The food was ok , nothing spectacular .	food	neutral
We tried fried Mac and cheese , dumplings , and sliders .	fried Mac and cheese	neutral
We tried fried Mac and cheese , dumplings , and sliders .	dumplings	neutral
The main issue I had was with the service .	service	neutral
Our waitress was not attentive , not proactive , and just all around seemed annoyed with our presence .	waitress	neutral
However , I would not give 1 star for averaged food and bad service .	food	neutral
However , I would not give 1 star for averaged food and bad service .	service	neutral
Yes , it 's a bar but everyone was smoking and nothing was being done about it .	bar	neutral
No one was there to greet me , however multiple servers made eye contact , and continued to not greet me or anything .	servers	neutral
After being seated my server who 's name I do n't know because she never introduced herself said " do you want a drink .	server	neutral
The server proceeded to spill the drink all over my lap .	server	neutral
I ordered a big stuffed burger .	burger	neutral
Great NY style pizza .	NY	neutral
Great NY style pizza .	pizza	neutral
Nice views of their waterfall .	views	neutral
Nice views of their waterfall .	waterfall	neutral
The food is mediocre .	food	neutral
Their table cooking menu does n't have enough variety .	table cooking menu	neutral
I had the kimchi fried rice which was too little and overpriced .	kimchi fried rice	neutral
Food is really good but a little pricey .	Food	neutral
Love the sweet potato fries .	sweet potato fries	neutral
Churros are ok ( stale , I think ) which is a little disappointing , Costco 's churros are better .	Churros	neutral
Churros are ok ( stale , I think ) which is a little disappointing , Costco 's churros are better .	churros	neutral
Only issue when it 's busy the line goes really slow and can take a while to get thru to place an order .	line	neutral
Parking is virtually nonexistent the way it is set up .	Parking	neutral
I want that chef to be there forever .	chef	neutral
I do n't want the menu to change ever .	menu	neutral
Folks at the table were humming with joy and shimmying to the middle eastern music coming from the wide screens .	middle	neutral
I be , but for this review I 'm begging you to borrow some cash and support this wonderful restaurant , Rotana .	restaurant	neutral
I be , but for this review I 'm begging you to borrow some cash and support this wonderful restaurant , Rotana .	Rotana	neutral
In all honesty , this is the best Mediterranean food I 've eaten .	Mediterranean food	neutral
There are multiple veggie options on the menu ( full color and pictorial ) and although most of them are listed as appetizers , you can easily make a meal out of two items and leave satiated .	veggie	neutral
The dishes we ordered were simple but deliciously filled with an abundance of incredible flavor .	dishes	neutral
Baba Ghanouj -	Baba Ghanouj	neutral
The menu says " smoked to perfection " and I wholeheartedly agree .	menu	neutral
The eggplant was perfectly smooth , tasty , topped with tomato garnish , olive oil , and flavor .	eggplant	neutral
Lentils with rice , topped with crispy onions and flavor .	onions	neutral
Normally I would not have liked this dish because the rice was mushy combined with the texture of the lentils , but it was delicious .	rice	neutral
Normally I would not have liked this dish because the rice was mushy combined with the texture of the lentils , but it was delicious .	lentils	neutral
Roasted brussels sprouts - $ 5 . 00	Roasted brussels sprouts	neutral
I was impressed with the melange .	melange	neutral
Too salty for my taste , but I liked it paired with the m'jadara and brussels sprouts .	m'jadara	neutral
Too salty for my taste , but I liked it paired with the m'jadara and brussels sprouts .	brussels sprouts	neutral
Fattoush rotana salad - $ 7 . 00	Fattoush rotana salad	neutral
This salad was the most complicated looking dish on the table .	salad	neutral
Piled with several ingredients and topped with fried pita , flavorful dressing , and some delicious seasoning that I 've never tasted before .	fried	neutral
Piled with several ingredients and topped with fried pita , flavorful dressing , and some delicious seasoning that I 've never tasted before .	pita	neutral
Piled with several ingredients and topped with fried pita , flavorful dressing , and some delicious seasoning that I 've never tasted before .	dressing	neutral
Piled with several ingredients and topped with fried pita , flavorful dressing , and some delicious seasoning that I 've never tasted before .	seasoning	neutral
Thankfully the fritters were not oily , but unfortunately their texture was dry and uneventful .	fritters	neutral
Have n't found a restaurant yet that has found a balance .	restaurant	neutral
Vegetarian burger - $ 6 . 00	Vegetarian burger	neutral
An overgrown falafel in burger clothes .	falafel	neutral
Normally that would be okay , but this falafel was dry , so unless you like it like that , skip it .	falafel	neutral
Simple ingredients , but fresh & very flavorful .	ingredients	neutral
Fast and friendly service .	service	neutral
Try the Waymonious with added pistachios ... so much goodness in every bite .	Waymonious	neutral
Decent food if you come at the right time but the chubby guy with glasses is really rude , piss poor attitude .	food	neutral
Decent food if you come at the right time but the chubby guy with glasses is really rude , piss poor attitude .	chubby	neutral
Decent food if you come at the right time but the chubby guy with glasses is really rude , piss poor attitude .	guy	neutral
First , the staff were all very patient and friendly .	staff	neutral
, 1 XL Pepperoni , 1 XL Pepperoni with green peppers .	Pepperoni	neutral
, 1 XL Pepperoni , 1 XL Pepperoni with green peppers .	Pepperoni with	neutral
2 pitchers of beer , a few sodas .	pitchers	neutral
Breadsticks were hot , soft and dripping with butter .	Breadsticks	neutral
Served with a small cup of marinara that no one touched .	marinara	neutral
Wings were above average size cooked to mosts liking .	Wings	neutral
( I prefer a super crispy wing , most in our party did not )	wing	neutral
Sauces on the wings were outstanding .	Sauces on	neutral
Sauces on the wings were outstanding .	wings	neutral
The medium was a really good balance of spice and vinegar tang .	medium	neutral
BBQ was smoky and sweet .	BBQ	neutral
The wings came the old fashioned way with celery and carrots , a nice touch .	wings	neutral
We had a split of ranch and blue cheese .	ranch	neutral
Ranch was typical , but the blue cheese was strange to me .	Ranch	neutral
Ranch was typical , but the blue cheese was strange to me .	blue cheese	neutral
The pizza is good	pizza	neutral
I love cheese but the crust on the pizza could not stand up to the weight of all of that cheese .	crust	neutral
I love cheese but the crust on the pizza could not stand up to the weight of all of that cheese .	pizza	neutral
The pizza crust is crispy on the outside , soft in the inside with a slight taste of yeast .	pizza crust	neutral
The middle of the pizza was a soggy mess after sitting only a few minutes with the cheese barely melted in the middle .	pizza	neutral
I would love that crust with just a smear of sauce and a sprinkling of cheese .	crust	neutral
I would love that crust with just a smear of sauce and a sprinkling of cheese .	sauce	neutral
Would be heaven on a pizza pan .	pizza pan	neutral
Restaurant could use a little scrubbing , but I have to say I enjoyed my first experience at Pullano 's and will definitely make another trip .	Pullano 's	neutral
A good place for families .	place	neutral
We just stopped in for an evening glass of wine and the selection was brilliant .	selection	neutral
The waitress was so helpful in picking our wines and totally on point .	waitress	neutral
Loved the vibe .	vibe	neutral
They also sell wine to go - bonus !	wine	neutral
This place is a joke .	place	neutral
Awesome service anx awesome snow !	service	neutral
Awesome service anx awesome snow !	snow	neutral
great service and great tasting food . try the garlic chicken with gravy , tapsilog , chicken bbq and stir fry vegetables with chicken .	service	neutral
great service and great tasting food . try the garlic chicken with gravy , tapsilog , chicken bbq and stir fry vegetables with chicken .	food	neutral
great service and great tasting food . try the garlic chicken with gravy , tapsilog , chicken bbq and stir fry vegetables with chicken .	garlic chicken with gravy	neutral
great service and great tasting food . try the garlic chicken with gravy , tapsilog , chicken bbq and stir fry vegetables with chicken .	tapsilog	neutral
great service and great tasting food . try the garlic chicken with gravy , tapsilog , chicken bbq and stir fry vegetables with chicken .	chicken bbq	neutral
great service and great tasting food . try the garlic chicken with gravy , tapsilog , chicken bbq and stir fry vegetables with chicken .	stir fry vegetables with chicken	neutral
also the banana pancake with the vanilla cream is highly recommended .	banana pancake with the vanilla cream	neutral
This was my favorite place to get Chicago pizza , just like back home .	Chicago pizza	neutral
Spinato 's has to offer .	Spinato	neutral
The kid , sorry gentleman behind the counter never once seemed to turn around to see that .	gentleman	neutral
A girl came out to ask me if I wanted to wait for my bread , which surprised me because all I ordered was pizza and meatballs and none of which came with any bread .	pizza	neutral
A girl came out to ask me if I wanted to wait for my bread , which surprised me because all I ordered was pizza and meatballs and none of which came with any bread .	meatballs	neutral
I came home and the pizza was just completely soggy , not even edible .	pizza	neutral
The meatballs were the size of golf balls with enough sauce to only cover one of them .	meatballs	neutral
This place used to be awesome , now it 's just your basic run of the mill pizza joint .	pizza	neutral
The customer service at pickup is just teenage kids who can not concentrate enough to figure out the orders .	customer service	neutral
I wo n't waste my time with this place .	place	neutral
Roka Akor is n't my typical type place .	Roka Akor	neutral
I usually find that the food I love comes from places where they have put their heart and soul into the food and just ground it out .	food	neutral
Roka Akor is beautiful and huge .	Roka Akor	neutral
The decor is modern and tasteful .	decor	neutral
They have a great lounge , a huge featured sushi and robata bar and oodles and oodles of wood ( which I dig ) .	lounge	neutral
They have a great lounge , a huge featured sushi and robata bar and oodles and oodles of wood ( which I dig ) .	sushi	neutral
They have a great lounge , a huge featured sushi and robata bar and oodles and oodles of wood ( which I dig ) .	robata bar	neutral
So often when you see these huge , gorgeous spaces obviously funded by a good deal of investor money , it 's all business driven and the organization has lost some focus on the food .	spaces	neutral
So often when you see these huge , gorgeous spaces obviously funded by a good deal of investor money , it 's all business driven and the organization has lost some focus on the food .	food	neutral
That 's not the case with Roka Akor .	Roka Akor	neutral
I 've been there the past 2 nights ( and before ) for their happy hour and had some stellar dishes .	dishes	neutral
so anything new & out of the ordinary piques	piques	neutral
I 've been waiting forever to have a real izakaya or kaiseki place in Phoenix .	izakaya	neutral
For this first week , they are also doing a special where all food and beverages are $ 2 ( through 11/25 ) .	food	neutral
For this first week , they are also doing a special where all food and beverages are $ 2 ( through 11/25 ) .	beverages	neutral
While I would n't say this an authentic izakaya , I 'm a big fan of what they are doing .	izakaya	neutral
I tried most of the izakaya menu over the past two days and had some killer dishes .	izakaya menu	neutral
I tried most of the izakaya menu over the past two days and had some killer dishes .	dishes	neutral
The tenkatsu fried pork belly is completely ridiculous .	tenkatsu fried pork belly	neutral
Then I also had their burger on a homemade sesame bun .	burger	neutral
The meat was tasty though and the thing that put it over the top was the awesome bun .	meat	neutral
The meat was tasty though and the thing that put it over the top was the awesome bun .	bun	neutral
Last night I also got to sample their Chinese style glazed pork ribs off the normal menu - amazing .	glazed pork ribs	neutral
As far as other things on their izakaya menu , I 'm a big fan of hamachi kama and enjoyed their version .	hamachi kama	neutral
Would have been killer with a bit of ponzu sauce .	sauce	neutral
Robata grilled unagi was very nice and the fried soft shell crab with mixed salad greens was excellent .	Robata grilled unagi	neutral
Robata grilled unagi was very nice and the fried soft shell crab with mixed salad greens was excellent .	fried soft shell crab with mixed salad greens	neutral
We also enjoyed the butterfish tataki with white asparagus and yuzu .	butterfish tataki with white asparagus and yuzu	neutral
Enjoyed the sweet corn tempura with sea salt , braised short ribs with daikon , agedashi tofu & hamachi serrano chili roll .	sweet corn tempura with sea salt	neutral
Enjoyed the sweet corn tempura with sea salt , braised short ribs with daikon , agedashi tofu & hamachi serrano chili roll .	braised short ribs with daikon	neutral
Enjoyed the sweet corn tempura with sea salt , braised short ribs with daikon , agedashi tofu & hamachi serrano chili roll .	agedashi tofu	neutral
Enjoyed the sweet corn tempura with sea salt , braised short ribs with daikon , agedashi tofu & hamachi serrano chili roll .	hamachi serrano chili roll	neutral
For me the definite standout was the pork belly though .	pork belly	neutral
They also have a bunch of great drinks .	drinks	neutral
Over the past 2 days , I had the shochu & tonic ( barley shochu with spash of yuzu juice and tonic ) , tanuki peach ( again - shochu & fresh peach puree ) & sake - tini ( lychee ) .	sake -	neutral
The last several visits there we 've also had excellent service .	service	neutral
The staff has been super nice and super attentive .	staff	neutral
I expect that this happy hour will stay in the rotation .	happy hour	neutral
Great food , great drinks .	food	neutral
Great food , great drinks .	drinks	neutral
And I also have seen some wonderful looking sushi come out as well	sushi	neutral
This place probably deserves 3 . 5 stars , but rounding it off to 4 because of the server who was amazing .	server	neutral
As another yelped said in their review , this place is very dinerish in the US sense , with huge menus from eggs , crepes , pizza , pasta , burgers etc .	menus	neutral
As another yelped said in their review , this place is very dinerish in the US sense , with huge menus from eggs , crepes , pizza , pasta , burgers etc .	eggs	neutral
As another yelped said in their review , this place is very dinerish in the US sense , with huge menus from eggs , crepes , pizza , pasta , burgers etc .	crepes	neutral
As another yelped said in their review , this place is very dinerish in the US sense , with huge menus from eggs , crepes , pizza , pasta , burgers etc .	pizza	neutral
As another yelped said in their review , this place is very dinerish in the US sense , with huge menus from eggs , crepes , pizza , pasta , burgers etc .	pasta	neutral
As another yelped said in their review , this place is very dinerish in the US sense , with huge menus from eggs , crepes , pizza , pasta , burgers etc .	burgers	neutral
They serve breakfast till 3 pm everyday , which is great for someone like me who loves eggs .	eggs	neutral
I had the vegetable omelette ( carrots , spinach , mushroom , onions , peppers ) with goat cheese ..	vegetable omelette	neutral
The toast was half decent , but not a big fan of the home fries ...	toast	neutral
The toast was half decent , but not a big fan of the home fries ...	home fries	neutral
I 've been fortunate enough to visit the elegant Prime Steakhouse located inside the stately Windsor Arms hotel for lunch several times .	Prime Steakhouse	neutral
Every single time , I 've gone for exactly the same thing - the heavenly sumptuous Filet Mignon Cobb Salad .	Filet Mignon Cobb Salad	neutral
Divided into 5 generous rows of ingredients ( tomato , avocado , egg , bacon , filet mignon ) the whole is served atop a bed of mixed garden greens with blue cheese and served on an eye - popping large platter .	egg	neutral
The sliced filet mignon is glorious .	sliced filet mignon	neutral
The most delightful thing about this salad is that since the ingredients are all separated , I can amuse myself with all sorts of different flavour and texture combinations .	salad	neutral
Today , I ended the incredible lunch with the Citrus Trio dessert which consists of a br短l辿e lemon tart , citrus freddo and dark chocolate passion fruit truffles .	Citrus Trio dessert	neutral
Today , I ended the incredible lunch with the Citrus Trio dessert which consists of a br短l辿e lemon tart , citrus freddo and dark chocolate passion fruit truffles .	citrus freddo	neutral
Not too sweet , not too heavy , the beautifully presented dessert plate ended a great meal perfectly .	dessert plate	neutral
Prime is somewhat pricey with fantastic food and ambiance , though it might feel a bit ' proper ' .	food	neutral
Prime is somewhat pricey with fantastic food and ambiance , though it might feel a bit ' proper ' .	ambiance	neutral
This restaurant is certainly a treat .	restaurant	neutral
Awesome place kids are tired from all the fun and grandma feel safe watching them have a blast .	place	neutral
Try this place out the instead of a chain the owner is on site .	place	neutral
I had a fig and arugula salad pretty good .	fig and arugula salad	neutral
Healthy food does n't have to be bland and tasteless .	Healthy food	neutral
Unfortunately Farm and Craft did n't get that message .	Farm	neutral
Several of us got the Steak Tacoa along with the Farrow Mac and Cheese .	Steak Tacoa	neutral
Several of us got the Steak Tacoa along with the Farrow Mac and Cheese .	Farrow Mac and Cheese	neutral
The Steak was dry and under seasoned and the farro with the dish was bland .	Steak	neutral
The Steak was dry and under seasoned and the farro with the dish was bland .	farro with the dish	neutral
The only semi redeeming part was the cole slaw , and that was on par with what you 'd expect for decent cole slaw .	cole slaw	neutral
The only semi redeeming part was the cole slaw , and that was on par with what you 'd expect for decent cole slaw .	cole slaw	neutral
We also tried the wild mushroom flatbread which I was looking forward to because it looked great .	wild mushroom flatbread	neutral
Came with a heap of arugala on it and the crust had a nice char .	crust	neutral
The sauce had a strange sweet and sour taste to it ( not the typical tomato - y delicious acidic sweetness but something else ) and the crust was strange and had an unpleasant taste and chew .	sauce	neutral
The sauce had a strange sweet and sour taste to it ( not the typical tomato - y delicious acidic sweetness but something else ) and the crust was strange and had an unpleasant taste and chew .	crust	neutral
The final insult was the Farro " Mac " and Cheese .	Farro	neutral
However the cheese sauce was a bit grainy ( either tasted powdered or like	cheese sauce	neutral
I love veggie juices and juice at home regularly , including with kale and cucumber .	kale	neutral
If it 's gon na taste terrible at least make it strong !	gon	neutral
Another friend got one of the Kombucha cocktails , that was actually quite good compared to everything else .	Kombucha cocktails	neutral
The service was good so at least there was that .	service	neutral
There was also a DJ blasting music which was a little weird for dinner at a " health food " restaurant , however the music he played was pretty awesome .	DJ	neutral
We all agreed he was the best part of the evening and that Farm and Craft should ditch their kitchen , fire their mixologist ( or let him / her make some better flavor combinations ) and just turn the place into a club .	Farm	neutral
We all agreed he was the best part of the evening and that Farm and Craft should ditch their kitchen , fire their mixologist ( or let him / her make some better flavor combinations ) and just turn the place into a club .	mixologist	neutral
Will be sticking with Flower Child and Pomegranate Cafe for my future healthy outings .	Flower	neutral
Will be sticking with Flower Child and Pomegranate Cafe for my future healthy outings .	Pomegranate Cafe	neutral
Okay the food when we finally got it was good and hot .	food	neutral
The service was terrible .	service	neutral
Food took 45 minutes , bartender seemed way too busy , and it seemed like we annoyed him just by sitting down	bartender	neutral
There is nothing worse than a server or bartender who only sees me as a tip .	server	neutral
There is nothing worse than a server or bartender who only sees me as a tip .	bartender	neutral
After going on and on about how I m disappointed in the lack of breakfasty type places in PHX ..	breakfasty	neutral
The Place was packed .. but we got a booth .. friendly service ..	service	neutral
I got the perfect poached egg ..	poached egg	neutral
because that is pretty much the only way I will have my eggs .. and darnit .. they better be right !	eggs	neutral
Love , love , love this beef jerky .	beef jerky	neutral
JoJo 's use to be my favorite &	JoJo	neutral
two years ago I got to try Sun 's jerky @ one of the foodie festivals & found this one way better .	Sun 's	neutral
two years ago I got to try Sun 's jerky @ one of the foodie festivals & found this one way better .	jerky	neutral
Sorry JoJo 's :-(	JoJo 's	neutral
Their jerky is very moist , soft & fresh tasting .	jerky	neutral
The restaurant is beautifully designed but the food was sadly uninspired .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant is beautifully designed but the food was sadly uninspired .	food	neutral
The shrimp chowder was the only item we had that was seasoned as we would have expected .	shrimp chowder	neutral
Everything else was ok but lacked seasoning as would be expected of Mexican cuisine .	Mexican cuisine	neutral
Good Filipino	Filipino	neutral
( Cebu provincial cuisine ) comfort food stunted by poor service from the wait staff .	service	neutral
( Cebu provincial cuisine ) comfort food stunted by poor service from the wait staff .	wait staff	neutral
Food was overcooked and dry .	Food	neutral
Sauces were all over the place and were n't anything special .	Sauces	neutral
Highlight of my meal was sweet potato tots .	sweet potato tots	neutral
Beer selection was not focused on quality micros , mostly all main stream junk .	Beer selection	neutral
Beer selection was not focused on quality micros , mostly all main stream junk .	micros	neutral
Had a Four Peaks that was decent , but that was literally the only microbrew that they carried .	Four Peaks	neutral
Pick another place .	place	neutral
Great local distillery ran by some cool people	distillery	neutral
This place is locally owned and operated and they make some very tasty rum .	rum	neutral
The spiced rum is some the best around .	spiced rum	neutral
Also , the white rum and the age rum are great on their own .	white rum	neutral
Also , the white rum and the age rum are great on their own .	age rum	neutral
I 'm a boba addict and usually pretty picky with how the boba pearls taste .	boba pearls	neutral
Kung fu 's boba pearl is very on point !	Kung fu	neutral
Kung fu 's boba pearl is very on point !	boba pearl	neutral
milk tea is a must try !	milk tea	neutral
The matcha green tea slush and Oolong milk tea are my favorite .	matcha green tea slush	neutral
The matcha green tea slush and Oolong milk tea are my favorite .	Oolong milk tea	neutral
Service is nice ; the employee with the clear glasses was really friendly and funny .	Service	neutral
Service is nice ; the employee with the clear glasses was really friendly and funny .	employee	neutral
Service is nice ; the employee with the clear glasses was really friendly and funny .	clear glasses	neutral
I love this restaurant !	restaurant	neutral
The food is fresh , well made and tasty ...	food	neutral
Their iconic Galley Boy is interesting , and sweetened with what tastes like brown sugar .	Galley Boy	neutral
Their menu has some classic american fast food items .	menu	neutral
The atmosphere of the drive - in is nostalgic in a way , and the employees who run , not walk , to your car are some noteworthy aspects of this place .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere of the drive - in is nostalgic in a way , and the employees who run , not walk , to your car are some noteworthy aspects of this place .	drive - in	neutral
They 're a little steep on some items such as their triple cheeseburger or their fried bologna sandwich which I feel is extremely overpriced .	triple cheeseburger	neutral
They 're a little steep on some items such as their triple cheeseburger or their fried bologna sandwich which I feel is extremely overpriced .	fried bologna sandwich	neutral
and if I do my go to items are the classic double cheeseburger , fried mushrooms with ranch for dipping , and a Florida .	double cheeseburger	neutral
and if I do my go to items are the classic double cheeseburger , fried mushrooms with ranch for dipping , and a Florida .	fried mushrooms	neutral
and if I do my go to items are the classic double cheeseburger , fried mushrooms with ranch for dipping , and a Florida .	Florida	neutral
I know this is a chain restaurant but blimey , no standards what so ever .	restaurant	neutral
Absolutely abysmal staff presence	staff	neutral
( There were 3 other tables in a very large restaurant , no wonder with this kind of service ! )	restaurant	neutral
( There were 3 other tables in a very large restaurant , no wonder with this kind of service ! )	service	neutral
Do n't even get me started on how long it took to find someone to actually pay for our meal .	meal	neutral
They either would take their order , come back 15 minutes later and tell them they did n't have any of that item left , or that the chef could n't cook it .	chef	neutral
I have a lot of patience and can forgive a lot of bad service habits , but this place is just dire .	service	neutral
I have a lot of patience and can forgive a lot of bad service habits , but this place is just dire .	place	neutral
Will not be returning to this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Fantastic assortment of beer , but some marks are lost for a lack of Unibroue beers ; regardless there are plenty of beers to keep me happy .	beer	neutral
Fantastic assortment of beer , but some marks are lost for a lack of Unibroue beers ; regardless there are plenty of beers to keep me happy .	Unibroue beers	neutral
Small food menu with some great options , however on the pricey side for what you get .	food	neutral
Small food menu with some great options , however on the pricey side for what you get .	menu	neutral
Service is rather good , but after its gets busy harder to get your server 's attention .	Service	neutral
Service is rather good , but after its gets busy harder to get your server 's attention .	server	neutral
Overall a great place to try different and unique beers in Toronto .	beers	neutral
We walked in and were immediately impressed with the decor .	decor	neutral
It 's a beautiful restaurant , clean and inviting .	restaurant	neutral
It would do well in the evening as a romantic spot .	spot	neutral
It came with a wonderful sauce that resembled an ambrosia .	sauce	neutral
I ordered the mango boneless ribs - they were pretty tasty - and well - presented .	mango boneless ribs	neutral
Overall , I can see why the main complaint is the lack of service .	service	neutral
The food that we did try was pretty good , and we will for sure be going back .	food	neutral
Hopefully as a new restaurant , they 'll work out the kinks in the service , and be able to survive and thrive in the new location .	service	neutral
The fianc辿 's ProTank had been leaking and not vaping at its best .	ProTank	neutral
Out of all carbonated drinks and it 's not the firs time .	drinks	neutral
Add to that they are always on a long wait and do n't have a great track record for getting food orders correctly , why go there .	food	neutral
so hopefully someone reads this and has a talk with the brainiac manager working that does n't realize all their customers r regulars and u should be better to them .	manager	neutral
The sound is usually good and shows start at the right time .	sound	neutral
The staff is usually flustered and pissed off .	staff	neutral
Since this is a corporate joint , there should be some kind of customer service training for the staff .	staff	neutral
I much rather go see a show at a smaller venue .	venue	neutral
Ca n't say much about the food but seemed like the patrons were mostly getting burgers ?	food	neutral
The view from Verses Sky was great .	view from Verses Sky	neutral
Service was decent , and the drinks were pretty good .	Service	neutral
Service was decent , and the drinks were pretty good .	drinks	neutral
I got the Th辿 Glac辿 ( vodka , orange juice , and tea ) and the Splash Royal ( champagne , Grand Marnier , vodka , and strawberries ) , and both were very nice to drink on a warm day .	Glac辿	neutral
I got the Th辿 Glac辿 ( vodka , orange juice , and tea ) and the Splash Royal ( champagne , Grand Marnier , vodka , and strawberries ) , and both were very nice to drink on a warm day .	vodka	neutral
I got the Th辿 Glac辿 ( vodka , orange juice , and tea ) and the Splash Royal ( champagne , Grand Marnier , vodka , and strawberries ) , and both were very nice to drink on a warm day .	Splash Royal	neutral
I got the Th辿 Glac辿 ( vodka , orange juice , and tea ) and the Splash Royal ( champagne , Grand Marnier , vodka , and strawberries ) , and both were very nice to drink on a warm day .	champagne	neutral
This is definitely a place to go if you want to take it easy from the busy streets of Old Montreal .	place	neutral
Giving this place a solid 4 stars .	place	neutral
The burgers are delish !	burgers	neutral
I had the single bacon burger .	single bacon burger	neutral
I thought the bacon was slightly well done	bacon	neutral
The burgers reminded me of old school burgers I had as a kid growing up .	burgers	neutral
And yes , I did think the burgers are better than In & Out .	burgers	neutral
The fries were super yummy and the small is enough to feed 2 - 3 adults .	fries	neutral
Next time I will try the cajun fries .	cajun fries	neutral
I think it was a tad pricey for a fast food burger joint , no matter how much I enjoyed the burgers .	burgers	neutral
Highly recommend the lamb cigars , which are paired perfectly with pickled onions .	lamb cigars	neutral
Highly recommend the lamb cigars , which are paired perfectly with pickled onions .	pickled onions	neutral
Service was great !	Service	neutral
Spice is serious so say what you actually can eat ( it is customizable )	Spice	neutral
I have an obsession with Wanda 's	Wanda 's	neutral
It includes a waffle , fruit , ice cream of your choice , and either a caramel or chocolate drizzle .	fruit	neutral
The lady serving was also very friendly , upbeat , and informative of the menu ( which is self explanatory anyways ) .	menu	neutral
15 for my waffle which is probably one of the more pricey options , if not the process , but it tasted delicious nonetheless .	waffle	neutral
Best omelet we 've ever had , paired with the most amazing potatoes .	omelet	neutral
Best omelet we 've ever had , paired with the most amazing potatoes .	potatoes	neutral
Choose the pumpkin bread , it 's a meal ( or dessert ) all by itself .	pumpkin bread	neutral
Poor customer service walked out very dissatisfied could not handle our simple order went to Chipotle around the corner .	customer service	neutral
If you consider this as a cheap diner it is only bad .	diner	neutral
But since your meal will be , " gourmazing and made with revolutionary products and cooking techniques " , it is absolutely terrible .	meal	neutral
My ultimate cheeseburger was a suboptimal patty with a slice of cheddar on a dry bun with mushy pickle slices from jar .	cheeseburger	neutral
My ultimate cheeseburger was a suboptimal patty with a slice of cheddar on a dry bun with mushy pickle slices from jar .	bun	neutral
I went with salad rather than fries -- large mound of unevenly chopped lettuce , a few shreds of mild cheddar , a nice quarter dill , two huge pieces of soft cuke , and a cherry tomato .	mild cheddar	neutral
I went with salad rather than fries -- large mound of unevenly chopped lettuce , a few shreds of mild cheddar , a nice quarter dill , two huge pieces of soft cuke , and a cherry tomato .	quarter dill	neutral
The jumbo jack and side salad from jack in the box is better food and would run me about 3 bucks .	jumbo jack	neutral
The jumbo jack and side salad from jack in the box is better food and would run me about 3 bucks .	side salad	neutral
Plastic cutlery really accentuates your experience .	cutlery	neutral
I 've been to China Garden about a dozen times and the food has always been pretty good .	China Garden	neutral
I 've been to China Garden about a dozen times and the food has always been pretty good .	food	neutral
The service , not so much .	service	neutral
Their lunch specials are great entree , rice , and soup or soda for either 4 . 75 or 4 .	lunch specials	neutral
95 ( including shrimp options .	shrimp	neutral
The shrimp are large and always taste good ) .	shrimp	neutral
They are n't the best egg rolls but they are better than some of the other places around here . )	egg	neutral
I 'm not a spicy food person , and this place has been great for me and my stomach .	place	neutral
The only thing I would recommend is that you stay away from the beef .	beef	neutral
The lo mein is good and the egg foo young is excellent .	lo mein	neutral
The lo mein is good and the egg foo young is excellent .	egg foo young	neutral
Wonderful happy hour and yes on a Friday !	happy hour	neutral
The pomegranate martini was great , the steak sandwich and steak skewers were delicious .	pomegranate martini	neutral
The pomegranate martini was great , the steak sandwich and steak skewers were delicious .	steak sandwich	neutral
The pomegranate martini was great , the steak sandwich and steak skewers were delicious .	steak skewers	neutral
The service was absolutely wonderful , the best that I 've ever had at a restaurant , especially seated in the bar .	service	neutral
The service was absolutely wonderful , the best that I 've ever had at a restaurant , especially seated in the bar .	bar	neutral
The wait staff is attentive and helpful ready to answer any question you have .	wait staff	neutral
Only four small tables for dine in , so if you come during the lunch rush -- beware .	tables	neutral
Ordered fresh spring rolls , pad see ew , and Chinese broccoli with crispy pork between the two of us , and the food was really good .	fresh	neutral
Ordered fresh spring rolls , pad see ew , and Chinese broccoli with crispy pork between the two of us , and the food was really good .	spring rolls	neutral
Ordered fresh spring rolls , pad see ew , and Chinese broccoli with crispy pork between the two of us , and the food was really good .	pad see ew	neutral
Ordered fresh spring rolls , pad see ew , and Chinese broccoli with crispy pork between the two of us , and the food was really good .	Chinese broccoli with crispy pork	neutral
Because it 's a small mom and pop shop , service can be slow	service	neutral
The beef and chicken wrap were on point ! !	beef	neutral
The beef and chicken wrap were on point ! !	chicken wrap	neutral
All employees were super nice and friendly ! !	employees	neutral
I definitely recommend eating at this place ! !	place	neutral
To put it into perspective a small nigiri piece is 9$. Chateau St Michele Riesling is 67 $ per bottle , which is about 7 $ at Safeway .	nigiri piece	neutral
Amazing staff and food !	staff	neutral
Amazing staff and food !	food	neutral
Definitely would recommend this place for celebrations and date nights !	place	neutral
Special shoutout to Norry the manager	Norry	neutral
Special shoutout to Norry the manager	manager	neutral
Tacos are huge ! ! !	Tacos	neutral
Stuffed with your choice of meat some pinto beans a delicious amount of guacamole and sour cream and they do n't charge extra for it	guacamole	neutral
Stuffed with your choice of meat some pinto beans a delicious amount of guacamole and sour cream and they do n't charge extra for it	sour cream	neutral
We love building our own pizzas and it 's affordable for my whole family to enjoy .	pizzas	neutral
we 've all been pleasantly surprised with the flavors , prices , and the friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Good Food , Good Service .	Food	neutral
Good Food , Good Service .	Service	neutral
A great place to go for cheap and convenient thai food .	thai food	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
It has FANTASTIC restaurants , plenty of options if too pricey in some arenas .	restaurants	neutral
The conference center is great , and the casino floor does n't overwhelm .	conference center	neutral
The conference center is great , and the casino floor does n't overwhelm .	casino floor	neutral
Frankly , I could imagine never leaving this place .	place	neutral
More modern , less dingy , great services , awesome rooms , great bathrooms with lots of space .	services	neutral
More modern , less dingy , great services , awesome rooms , great bathrooms with lots of space .	rooms	neutral
More modern , less dingy , great services , awesome rooms , great bathrooms with lots of space .	bathrooms	neutral
An incredible hotel .	hotel	neutral
Okay ... 4 stars for a 1 star looking spot .	spot	neutral
Let me explain , this is the definition of a dive bar , no liqueur , old box tv , no matching chairs , dark , dingy , and just straight up old school .	liqueur	neutral
The sign says they 've been in business since 1920 and they have n't changed a thing since , maybe just the fry oil .	fry	neutral
On a flat top no bigger than my cooktop at home they bang out burgers and sandwiches that are amazing .	burgers	neutral
On a flat top no bigger than my cooktop at home they bang out burgers and sandwiches that are amazing .	sandwiches	neutral
I HATE burgers and fried food	burgers	neutral
I HATE burgers and fried food	fried food	neutral
so I was a bit scared ... saw the menu and was pleasantly surprised by a grilled chicken sandwich , added pickle for $ 0 .	grilled chicken sandwich	neutral
Loved it , he said if it was a single he would n't have been as happy because the fresh veggies would ve taken away from the meat !	fresh veggies	neutral
We split an order of fresh cut fries and I mean FRESH , right in front of you potato in the machine and BAM !	fries	neutral
All in all , we dig it , do n't expect much and you will like the simplicity of the food .	food	neutral
Service is everything to me , second time here and	Service	neutral
food was great	food	neutral
and he server or host were too busy catching up that they did n't notice I needed something .	server	neutral
and he server or host were too busy catching up that they did n't notice I needed something .	host	neutral
I ordered a shrimp taco which was delicious , queso fundido , and oysters .	shrimp taco	neutral
the agua chile order by my friend was extremely spicy more than we are used too .	agua chile order	neutral
si me tengo que levantar despu辿s de esperar	esperar	neutral
no se dieron cuenta que las estaba llamando .	llamando	neutral
En esta ocasi坦n pero un taco	taco	neutral
We love the staff , food and ambiance !	staff	neutral
We love the staff , food and ambiance !	food	neutral
We love the staff , food and ambiance !	ambiance	neutral
Dim lights , sexy music , amazing decor ... and lots of delicious alcohol .	lights	neutral
Dim lights , sexy music , amazing decor ... and lots of delicious alcohol .	music	neutral
Dim lights , sexy music , amazing decor ... and lots of delicious alcohol .	decor	neutral
Dim lights , sexy music , amazing decor ... and lots of delicious alcohol .	alcohol	neutral
Wine and champagne selection is FABULOUS .	Wine and champagne selection	neutral
They let you sample the wine before ordering the glass ... which is a foolproof way of getting more tipsy than you anticipated ...	wine	neutral
No judging , but honestly , I ordered their Tuscany pizza , lol .	Tuscany pizza	neutral
Surprisingly , pizza and wine are perfect together .	pizza	neutral
Surprisingly , pizza and wine are perfect together .	wine	neutral
They are very light on the sauce , so if you prefer heavy sauce ... let them know ahead of time .	sauce	neutral
Not to mention , the bartenders are very easy on the eyes .	bartenders	neutral
If you 're not , enjoy the eye candy !	eye candy	neutral
Quality and service very high .	service	neutral
Nice cozy atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
I love the crowd here and the atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Its a great venue to go when you 're watching a game with your friends .	venue	neutral
The food is awesome too .	food	neutral
They have apetizers such as wings , spinach dip , fries , and their entrees include burgers , pastas , etc .	wings	neutral
They have apetizers such as wings , spinach dip , fries , and their entrees include burgers , pastas , etc .	spinach	neutral
I was looking for Mexican food and did n't really want a " fast food " type place .	place	neutral
kicked out Casa Don Juan .	Casa Don Juan	neutral
The restaurant itself has great atmosphere , to include someone making tortillas in the middle of the joint .	tortillas	neutral
Anyhow , the wait staff were very clean cut and friendly .	wait staff	neutral
Standard chips and salsa ( pretty good ) .	chips	neutral
Standard chips and salsa ( pretty good ) .	salsa	neutral
My server was quick to check on me and get my drink order , plus gave me a couple of minutes to check out the menu .	server	neutral
I ordered the chile relleno and beef taco combo ( to include ride and beans ) .	chile relleno	neutral
I ordered the chile relleno and beef taco combo ( to include ride and beans ) .	beef taco combo	neutral
The food did n't take too long , plus , it was hot ( heat ) .	food	neutral
The shredded beef was tender and did n't have any stray large chunks to deal with .	shredded beef	neutral
The relleno was tasty , filled with cheese .	relleno	neutral
Great place to hang out and get work done .	place	neutral
The staff is very friendly and a lot of the clientele is " artsy .	staff	neutral
The coffee is very good , although a little pricey for my taste , nonetheless , I highly recommend it .	coffee	neutral
The service at this place was excellent .	service	neutral
Very cool place .	place	neutral
Food was decent and the service was good .	Food	neutral
Food was decent and the service was good .	service	neutral
I got the wings and my friend got the beef sliders .	wings	neutral
Atmosphere was the best part .	Atmosphere	neutral
If your stressed out this is the place to go .	place	neutral
There was a noticeable amount of dust on all of the wood separating the booths .	booths	neutral
Our server was very good however as was our chow mein ordered off of the menu .	server	neutral
Our server was very good however as was our chow mein ordered off of the menu .	chow mein	neutral
If the owner / owners were on site they clearly do not concern themselves with cleanliness or customer service .	customer service	neutral
The place is ok the doughnuts are ok doughnuts .	place	neutral
The place is ok the doughnuts are ok doughnuts .	doughnuts	neutral
In my reviews , the food quality is a must at the restaurant but the overall experience will be based on the service .	food	neutral
In my reviews , the food quality is a must at the restaurant but the overall experience will be based on the service .	service	neutral
Waiters are the face of the restaurant and trust me , Czehoski needs a makeover .	Waiters	neutral
I wish I could mention the name of the server tonight	server	neutral
We were very excited to go to this restaurant but 6 hours after , I am still enraged !	restaurant	neutral
Like I said , the food quality is being over - shadowed by one of the worst service experiences I have ever encountered .	food	neutral
Like I said , the food quality is being over - shadowed by one of the worst service experiences I have ever encountered .	service	neutral
I thought this place was awesome .	place	neutral
I wanted to try their pasta nachos or whatever they are called .	pasta nachos	neutral
I just had a pepperoni pizza on Saturday , but absolutely loved it .	pepperoni pizza	neutral
Then we waited an hour for our food , which was mediocre at best .	food	neutral
If we are going to wait that long we will go to Butters , their food is amazing .	Butters	neutral
If we are going to wait that long we will go to Butters , their food is amazing .	food	neutral
The Tree of Life was what I originally planned , but it changed in a split second like a Jedi mind trick when I saw BACON JAM and MAPLE BACON described in the LGBTQ Sandwich , a pretty BOMB rendition of the BLT .	BACON JAM	neutral
The Tree of Life was what I originally planned , but it changed in a split second like a Jedi mind trick when I saw BACON JAM and MAPLE BACON described in the LGBTQ Sandwich , a pretty BOMB rendition of the BLT .	LGBTQ Sandwich	neutral
We also chose to split the Roasted Beet and Goat Cheese Salad with Candied Pecans .	Roasted Beet and Goat Cheese Salad with Candied Pecans	neutral
Service here is very pleasant and the workers even toss your salad order if you would like them to .	Service	neutral
Unfortunately , this salad was lacking in flavor and the pecans lacked that sweet toasted flavor .	salad	neutral
Unfortunately , this salad was lacking in flavor and the pecans lacked that sweet toasted flavor .	pecans	neutral
Their version of a Snickerdoodle was dry and crumbly .	Snickerdoodle	neutral
The Loving vs. Virginia ( AKA Brookie ) was nice , warm , chewy , and decadent .	Loving vs. Virginia	neutral
The Loving vs. Virginia ( AKA Brookie ) was nice , warm , chewy , and decadent .	Brookie	neutral
Great spot to chill and meet up for a nice healthy lunch .	spot	neutral
I 'd like to return to try the highly raved about Tree of Life Pita and Bizness Salad because I heard it was the business ...	Tree of Life	neutral
I 'd like to return to try the highly raved about Tree of Life Pita and Bizness Salad because I heard it was the business ...	Pita	neutral
I 'd like to return to try the highly raved about Tree of Life Pita and Bizness Salad because I heard it was the business ...	Bizness Salad	neutral
Shaka Meter :	Shaka Meter	neutral
Have no clue why this place is so highly rated .	place	neutral
and it 's by far the worst pizza I have eaten .	pizza	neutral
Greasy but very dry on sauce .	sauce	neutral
My go to spot for great AM grub .	AM grub	neutral
Service is great , has real chill vibe , and price is right .	Service	neutral
Service is great , has real chill vibe , and price is right .	vibe	neutral
They have an assortment of cafe drinks to start your day off right .	cafe drinks	neutral
Biscuits n Gravy for around $ 3 is what i recommend .	Biscuits	neutral
Nice patio area to enjoy awesome early morning phx skies .	patio area	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
Great view of the lake and all the people who come out to do a walk .	view	neutral
This place has some good stuff .	place	neutral
It did n't blow me away , but it 's great for the price you pay , the portion you get , and the quality of the food .	portion	neutral
It did n't blow me away , but it 's great for the price you pay , the portion you get , and the quality of the food .	food	neutral
We ordered the beer battered cheese curds with the garlic dipping sauce cause how do you go to Wisconsin and not try the cheese curds ?	beer	neutral
We ordered the beer battered cheese curds with the garlic dipping sauce cause how do you go to Wisconsin and not try the cheese curds ?	cheese	neutral
Cheese curds were delicious .	Cheese curds	neutral
Cheese lovers rejoice .	Cheese	neutral
And the garlic sauce was A+ for the dip- would give this 5/5	garlic sauce	neutral
The cheese platter was ... decent .	cheese platter	neutral
I 'd give it a 4/5 , because the cheeses were okay but honestly , the crackers were just lacking and kind of ruined it for me .	cheeses	neutral
I 'd give it a 4/5 , because the cheeses were okay but honestly , the crackers were just lacking and kind of ruined it for me .	crackers	neutral
We also got the beer battered walleye sandwich ( with shredded cabbage , shaved radish and house - made lemon - caper tartar sauce on toasted country bread ) with a side salad and for $ 10-	beer	neutral
We also got the beer battered walleye sandwich ( with shredded cabbage , shaved radish and house - made lemon - caper tartar sauce on toasted country bread ) with a side salad and for $ 10-	walleye sandwich	neutral
We also got the beer battered walleye sandwich ( with shredded cabbage , shaved radish and house - made lemon - caper tartar sauce on toasted country bread ) with a side salad and for $ 10-	shaved radish	neutral
We also got the beer battered walleye sandwich ( with shredded cabbage , shaved radish and house - made lemon - caper tartar sauce on toasted country bread ) with a side salad and for $ 10-	lemon - caper tartar sauce	neutral
The portion is HUGE .	portion	neutral
The bread was buttered and toasted and the cabbage went really nicely with the fish .	bread	neutral
The bread was buttered and toasted and the cabbage went really nicely with the fish .	cabbage	neutral
Def a great place for all three above , and if I 'm back in the area I 'd go for those cheese curds again .	place	neutral
Def a great place for all three above , and if I 'm back in the area I 'd go for those cheese curds again .	cheese curds	neutral
Great food and always good service !	food	neutral
Great food and always good service !	service	neutral
The variety of breakfast options keeps me coming back !	breakfast	neutral
I 've tried many dishes and all are awesome .	dishes	neutral
My family and I wandered in looking for a light breakfast and the buns we got were all fresh and warm .	buns	neutral
Their warm milk tea was good as well .	warm milk tea	neutral
Pleasantly surprised with this little quiet place .	place	neutral
Very basic decor but the food was delicious .	decor	neutral
Very basic decor but the food was delicious .	food	neutral
They respected my lack of taste for food that is too spicy .	food	neutral
Food came fast and waitress was very nice .	Food	neutral
Food came fast and waitress was very nice .	waitress	neutral
The paneer and naan bread was to die for !	paneer and naan bread	neutral
I personally love this place	place	neutral
but I think more for the decor than the actual food .	decor	neutral
but I think more for the decor than the actual food .	food	neutral
we loved the whole different lines they had	lines	neutral
watching them slice the meat in your taco gave it a special homemade feel to it . as far as the meat itself loved the texture , it was juicy	taco	neutral
watching them slice the meat in your taco gave it a special homemade feel to it . as far as the meat itself loved the texture , it was juicy	meat	neutral
chicharon tacos ( 4/5)-these were my personal fave because it was sliced pork belly and	chicharon tacos	neutral
street corn ( 2/5 )	street corn	neutral
I think they need some work in this particular dish .	dish	neutral
If you ask me if I might come back to this place	place	neutral
I think this place had charm because the space can accommodate a lot of people .	place	neutral
I think this place had charm because the space can accommodate a lot of people .	space	neutral
I could see eating here after a night of drinking and just taking with your friends and hanging out while enjoying some cheap tacos !	tacos	neutral
oh btw I love the salsa bar ... so many different kinds ca n't wait to try some more .	salsa bar	neutral
( Which , by the way , is a SMASH hit 5 STAR place .. and the Nevada Governor 's fave place to visit when in town ,	place	neutral
Service was miserable .	Service	neutral
Carne Adovada was super dry and not worth a third bite .	Carne Adovada	neutral
The pork chile verde was loaded with large potatoes , no hatch green chile spice at all and one piece of pork .	pork chile verde	neutral
If you like small and pretentious food this is for you .	food	neutral
Food was below average , made to look nice but tasted average .	Food	neutral
The food is what keeps me coming back - I 've been here over 6 times now and every time , I pray the service is better .	food	neutral
The food is what keeps me coming back - I 've been here over 6 times now and every time , I pray the service is better .	service	neutral
Which is strange seeing that every time I have been there , there have been ample seating space .	seating	neutral
The hostess is so rude , it 's almost comical .	hostess	neutral
The waiters are just as bad .	waiters	neutral
The service is lethargic and the pretentious but the food is great .	service	neutral
The service is lethargic and the pretentious but the food is great .	food	neutral
You 'd think whoever owns / manages this place would clue into to getting top of the line service .	service	neutral
I could care less what the service 's attire is as long as they are friendly and do n't roll their eyes when you ask a simple question -- for example -- an extra friend was joinging us and we had a reservation for 4 - easy to put a chair at the end of our table .	service	neutral
Hostess rolled her eyes .	Hostess	neutral
We were blown away by this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The food is unrivaled ! !	food	neutral
Management and staff went above and beyond sure that we were taken care of .	Management	neutral
Management and staff went above and beyond sure that we were taken care of .	staff	neutral
Thank you Pampas !	Pampas	neutral
PS : they have an excellent drink menu to pair with the amazing meats	drink menu	neutral
PS : they have an excellent drink menu to pair with the amazing meats	meats	neutral
so this may be a little out dated but just have to express my love for this place ! !	place	neutral
We were a party of 6 and never failed to get a patio table , never a wait .	patio	neutral
Everything we tried was superb , but the Benedict specials were amazing !	Benedict specials	neutral
I 'm headed back in October and this place is at the top of my list to return to .	place	neutral
Frite - Alors has a following , although sometimes I wonder why ...	Frite	neutral
The portions are small , the food is meh and the fries - their namesake - are barely decent ... all this for a large price tag and below average service make this a no - go .	portions	neutral
The portions are small , the food is meh and the fries - their namesake - are barely decent ... all this for a large price tag and below average service make this a no - go .	food	neutral
The portions are small , the food is meh and the fries - their namesake - are barely decent ... all this for a large price tag and below average service make this a no - go .	fries	neutral
The portions are small , the food is meh and the fries - their namesake - are barely decent ... all this for a large price tag and below average service make this a no - go .	service	neutral
Great place in downtown Kannapolis for lunch or dinner .	place	neutral
Great for groups or picky eaters as the menu appeals to all types .	menu	neutral
Terrific salads , sandwiches , and entree 's , including a KILLER meatloaf over roasted veggies .	salads	neutral
Terrific salads , sandwiches , and entree 's , including a KILLER meatloaf over roasted veggies .	sandwiches	neutral
Terrific salads , sandwiches , and entree 's , including a KILLER meatloaf over roasted veggies .	entree	neutral
Terrific salads , sandwiches , and entree 's , including a KILLER meatloaf over roasted veggies .	meatloaf over	neutral
Terrific salads , sandwiches , and entree 's , including a KILLER meatloaf over roasted veggies .	veggies	neutral
A bummer because the food was great .	food	neutral
It 's true that the menu specialties are a bit unclear , but our waitresses went through them ( very ) quickly .	menu specialties	neutral
It 's true that the menu specialties are a bit unclear , but our waitresses went through them ( very ) quickly .	waitresses	neutral
We started with the tomato salad which was excellent .	tomato salad	neutral
Then I had the stuffed shells which were also very good .	stuffed shells	neutral
Important note : the closest liquor store is about an 6 - 7 minute walk so make sure you come prepared with you wine or you 'll have to go sans - alcohol .	liquor store	neutral
Also , a huge thank you to the restaurant manager .	restaurant manager	neutral
We ordered a cab which never arrived and the valet ( who 's name	valet	neutral
Heritage Tavern is a gem in Madison and I ca n't wait to go back !	Heritage Tavern	neutral
Guests should definitely try the deviled eggs .	deviled eggs	neutral
Never head deviled eggs with ahi Tuna before , and clearly I have been missing out .	ahi	neutral
The bartenders were fantastic .	bartenders	neutral
They know how to make a good cocktail .	cocktail	neutral
I am 89 % sure that either 89 % of reviewers have n't actually tasted the food , or they have n't tried 89 % of the other better choices for pizza in the area .	pizza	neutral
Delivered , the pepperoni pizza we ordered was expensive compared to other pizza parlours nearby , I do n't normally make price an issue , but dollar for dollar we were left unimpressed .	pepperoni pizza	neutral
Crust was sub par , but the " pepperoni " and I use the term loosely , was the best - if your into " meat " that I can best describe as tasting like boiled hot dogs - and not the delicious Costco dogs , but those ones made of snouts and udders you get for three bucks a pack .	Crust	neutral
Crust was sub par , but the " pepperoni " and I use the term loosely , was the best - if your into " meat " that I can best describe as tasting like boiled hot dogs - and not the delicious Costco dogs , but those ones made of snouts and udders you get for three bucks a pack .	pepperoni	neutral
Found this gem while doing some major damage shopping , nice bakery away from the crazy food court .	bakery	neutral
The blueberry cheese danish was really tasty paired with a latte is perfection .	blueberry cheese danish	neutral
The blueberry cheese danish was really tasty paired with a latte is perfection .	latte	neutral
Service was attentive and quick .	Service	neutral
Liked the ambiance of the bakery .	ambiance	neutral
Liked the ambiance of the bakery .	bakery	neutral
Good beer	beer	neutral
Terrible service and food .	service	neutral
Terrible service and food .	food	neutral
The location was great and the store was very clean .	location	neutral
The location was great and the store was very clean .	store	neutral
The I cream was just okay	I cream	neutral
But all in all it 's a decent place to stop in for a sweet treat	place	neutral
Oddly , the pancakes are just ok .	pancakes	neutral
The waffles are much better .	waffles	neutral
I do n't care for the maple syrup .	maple	neutral
But there 's is , like diet soda , or gluten free food , no flavor .	food	neutral
Also , the lady that waited on us was nice , but came to the table while on her phone !	lady	neutral
Finally , the bus boy helped us with more coffee and our check .	bus boy	neutral
On the plus side , I really like their eggs Benedict .	eggs Benedict	neutral
I just hope I do n't get the same waitress .	waitress	neutral
Great Philly 's !	Philly 's	neutral
and I swear it is the fattest Italian sandwich I 've seen come out of any sandwich shop I 've been to .	Italian sandwich	neutral
This is a must try place !	place	neutral
The cook then brought out our correct order and apologized again .	cook	neutral
The burger was SO worth it ! ! !	burger	neutral
GREAT burgers and very good customer service .	burgers	neutral
GREAT burgers and very good customer service .	customer service	neutral
Best museum	museum	neutral
Friendly and responsible staff .	staff	neutral
There are restaurants with amazing food that you would hands down revisit .	food	neutral
Then there are restaurants with so - so food that you would return to , be it for the atmosphere , service , value paid for , etc .	food	neutral
Then there are restaurants with so - so food that you would return to , be it for the atmosphere , service , value paid for , etc .	atmosphere	neutral
Then there are restaurants with so - so food that you would return to , be it for the atmosphere , service , value paid for , etc .	service	neutral
The food was on the heavy / salty side , but overall it tasted alright .	food	neutral
Anyway we sat outside , placed our orders and our entrees came before the appetizer which our waitress had forgotten about .	waitress	neutral
I got the crabcake entree , which had the crabcake 's and plain green salad on the side .	crabcake	neutral
The crabcake itself was good but the accompanying salad was disappointing .	crabcake	neutral
The crabcake itself was good but the accompanying salad was disappointing .	salad	neutral
The jalapeno calamari which was a special came out and was regular old calamari with some jalapenos on it .	jalapeno calamari	neutral
The jalapenos were a nice touch but the calamari itself was really REALLY oily and not crispy or seasoned .	jalapenos	neutral
The jalapenos were a nice touch but the calamari itself was really REALLY oily and not crispy or seasoned .	calamari	neutral
Hubby 's dish was the red snapper which was a special .	red snapper	neutral
For dessert we had the cappuccino cheesecake that was good	cappuccino cheesecake	neutral
I mix the tropical , berry and watermelon for the ultimate suicide .	tropical , berry	neutral
But enough about the sugar water .	sugar water	neutral
My wife was raving about this place for awhile and its in our hood	place	neutral
A fast food look , nothing fancy but clean .... except for the bathrooms .	bathrooms	neutral
The menu is pretty much wings .	menu	neutral
I like the honey bbq , ATL Style dry rub and Garlic Parmesan dry rub .	honey bbq	neutral
I like the honey bbq , ATL Style dry rub and Garlic Parmesan dry rub .	ATL Style dry rub	neutral
I like the honey bbq , ATL Style dry rub and Garlic Parmesan dry rub .	Garlic Parmesan dry rub	neutral
For 2 of us we get the 6 piece of each along with a side of ATL style fries which I think are fantastic and top it off when we are stuffed with the 5 piece Honey Biscuits for dessert .	Honey Biscuits	neutral
I love the wings , the fries and the biscuits .	wings	neutral
I love the wings , the fries and the biscuits .	fries	neutral
I love the wings , the fries and the biscuits .	biscuits	neutral
I like my wings with beer , which they do not serve , but the kool - aid makes up for this .	kool - aid	neutral
Seriously love the honey	honey	neutral
Tables are kept clean every time I 've been there	Tables	neutral
The no plate factor + wings = sticky finish .	wings	neutral
I love licking sauce from my fingers	sauce	neutral
The bathroom has no knobs on the faucet and always looks to be in worse condition overall the next time we go .	bathroom	neutral
Wings a definite 5 .	Wings	neutral
When I went the chia pudding was n't in stock ...	chia pudding	neutral
The hostess could n't predict wait time but thought	hostess	neutral
We get seated and already know what we want and wait another 20min to order as the waitress runs around .	waitress	neutral
We see several waiters argue about table numbers while walking around with food so it was n't surprising ours was cold .	waiters	neutral
I absolutely love this place !	place	neutral
My personal favorite is the Steak Brushetta , a must try .	Steak Brushetta	neutral
On Wednesdays they also have pizza and a bottle of wine for $ 20 , definitely ca n't beat that !	pizza	neutral
My family and I LOVE this Indian restaurant .	Indian restaurant	neutral
The tikka masala and shrimp vindaloo are amazing .	tikka masala	neutral
The tikka masala and shrimp vindaloo are amazing .	shrimp vindaloo	neutral
My parents get the lamb chops every single time .	lamb chops	neutral
Make sure you select a 1 - 2 lower spice level than you would normally have .	spice	neutral
Great atmosphere on enclosed patio .	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere on enclosed patio .	enclosed	neutral
Great atmosphere on enclosed patio .	patio	neutral
Server disappeared too often .	Server	neutral
Coconut shrimp tacos huge and very tasty .	Coconut shrimp tacos	neutral
Taste of Jamaica excellent .	Taste of Jamaica	neutral
Skip the chocolate pineapple upside down cake and the key lime pie .	chocolate pineapple upside down cake	neutral
Skip the chocolate pineapple upside down cake and the key lime pie .	key lime pie	neutral
All Vietnamese on one side Mexicans on the other , but what a haven for foodies !	foodies	neutral
the BEST broth ever , especially at Pho	broth	neutral
So I tried the thit nuong , a bit dry and crispy , bread is decent ,	thit nuong	neutral
So I tried the thit nuong , a bit dry and crispy , bread is decent ,	bread	neutral
veggies ok but a bit on the skimpy side .	veggies	neutral
also had the xiu mai ( my favorite ) not badd but a bit soggy .....	xiu mai	neutral
I love Brio !	Brio	neutral
This is a favorite place to gather with girlfriends .	place	neutral
The food is always great tasting and the service is quick and polite .	food	neutral
The food is always great tasting and the service is quick and polite .	service	neutral
Their lobster bisque is delicious !	lobster bisque	neutral
I love getting their lunch lasagna and salad ... perfectly satisfying .	lunch	neutral
I love getting their lunch lasagna and salad ... perfectly satisfying .	lasagna	neutral
I love getting their lunch lasagna and salad ... perfectly satisfying .	salad	neutral
My favorite taco shop in town .	taco	neutral
Best salsa , best beans , and the green enchilada is amazing .	salsa	neutral
Best salsa , best beans , and the green enchilada is amazing .	beans	neutral
Best salsa , best beans , and the green enchilada is amazing .	green enchilada	neutral
I thoroughly enjoyed the pepperoni and cheese - greasy good .	pepperoni and cheese	neutral
The hawaiian ( you 'd think ham and pineapple , right ? ) was a surprise .	hawaiian	neutral
But , the crust was good , and the extra pepperoni slice I had made up for it .	crust	neutral
But , the crust was good , and the extra pepperoni slice I had made up for it .	extra	neutral
But , the crust was good , and the extra pepperoni slice I had made up for it .	pepperoni slice	neutral
I did n't dare touch the veggie - it looked crazy - cucumber , onions , all sorts of bell peppers and artichokes .	veggie	neutral
But I did n't hear any complaints from the rest of the crowd and that pizza was devoured , so I guess it was pretty good .	pizza	neutral
The delivery guy was the BEST .	delivery guy	neutral
All in all , not a bad ( free ) lunch .	lunch	neutral
Beautiful spot that 's located right off the food court at First Canadian place .	spot	neutral
While our server Kelly was excellent and made some great recommendations , I 'm on the fence as to whether or not the spot deserves all the hype .	server	neutral
While our server Kelly was excellent and made some great recommendations , I 'm on the fence as to whether or not the spot deserves all the hype .	Kelly	neutral
Appetizer - we had the ravioli and prawn trio which was delicious , rich and so fresh .	ravioli and prawn trio	neutral
I had the cheddar bacon burger which was n't anything special .	cheddar bacon burger	neutral
Toppings only made the burger soggy .	Toppings	neutral
Toppings only made the burger soggy .	burger	neutral
Friends had the fish tacos and the bbq duck clubhouse .	fish tacos	neutral
Friends had the fish tacos and the bbq duck clubhouse .	bbq duck clubhouse	neutral
Drinks were tasty .	Drinks	neutral
We had a dark & stormy , and a few Moscow mules .	dark & stormy	neutral
We had a dark & stormy , and a few Moscow mules .	Moscow	neutral
There are almost no sandwiches .	sandwiches	neutral
The steak sandwich was $ 25 - nothing in here is much under $ 30 .	steak sandwich	neutral
I do n't mind paying for great food and decent quantities .	food	neutral
The steak tasted like it had been doused in lighter fluid and charcoaled , exc the lighter fluid taste remained .	steak	neutral
The manager arrived shortly and apologized .	manager	neutral
But between prices , portions and quality from visits years apart - The best I could offer would be 2 1/2 stars .	portions	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
The food was delicious and Charlie the hibachi chef put on a good show .	food	neutral
The food was delicious and Charlie the hibachi chef put on a good show .	Charlie	neutral
The food was delicious and Charlie the hibachi chef put on a good show .	hibachi chef	neutral
Overall , the environment , employees , and experience was awesome .	environment	neutral
Overall , the environment , employees , and experience was awesome .	employees	neutral
I decided to try one of their signature pies , the Lemon Blueberry Sour Cream pie and holy smokes , it was amazing !	Lemon Blueberry Sour Cream pie	neutral
Ordered the duck roll ( mango , avocado , lean duck ) .	duck roll	neutral
Was Pretty tasty , however over powered by the mango and avocado .	mango and avocado	neutral
.would have been better if the duck was on the inside instead of on top .	duck	neutral
Good basic roll .	roll	neutral
Presentation was basic ( just 2 rolls on a plate ) .	Presentation	neutral
Presentation was basic ( just 2 rolls on a plate ) .	rolls	neutral
The staff was friendly and attentive , but unusual to see all of them were Caucasian .	staff	neutral
then asian ( including all but 1 chef ) .	chef	neutral
The restaurant is very clean and all .	restaurant	neutral
Would recommend , but would not order their " special " duck roll again .	duck roll	neutral
Seated right away , but service was slow .	service	neutral
Food was good , but a bit pricey .	Food	neutral
We all enjoyed our meals , but not sure if I would go back .	meals	neutral
The bar looked like could be fun on weekends , or happy hour .	bar	neutral
The chicken sandwich was delicious but the " very hot " was a tiny bit too hot lol .	chicken sandwich	neutral
The chicken sandwich was delicious but the " very hot " was a tiny bit too hot lol .	very hot "	neutral
The Mac and cheese is delicious !	Mac and cheese	neutral
I passed by this place once and thought it was a sketchy restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The atmosphere is really nice and they have these cute booths on the side .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is really nice and they have these cute booths on the side .	booths	neutral
- I hate green onions , but the pancake ddnt taste like it	pancake ddnt	neutral
There was about 8 different sides , but I only really enjoyed the japchae and bean sprouts .	japchae	neutral
There was about 8 different sides , but I only really enjoyed the japchae and bean sprouts .	bean sprouts	neutral
The Kalbi portion was huge but it was a bit pink in the middle ( which I do n't mind ) and kinda chewy - not the best , have had better .	Kalbi portion	neutral
The rice cakes were a perfect amount of spicyness but did n't have enough fish cake in it :(	rice cakes	neutral
Service was kind of slow , but I went for lunch on a weekend	Service	neutral
However the staff are very friendly :)	staff	neutral
Eiffel Tower Restaurant was absolutely exquisite .	Eiffel Tower Restaurant	neutral
I very much enjoyed the beautiful view of the Bellagio Fountain as well as my incredible dinner .	view of	neutral
I very much enjoyed the beautiful view of the Bellagio Fountain as well as my incredible dinner .	Bellagio Fountain	neutral
I very much enjoyed the beautiful view of the Bellagio Fountain as well as my incredible dinner .	dinner	neutral
The duck was fabulous !	duck	neutral
Sauceman 's has some of the best BBQ platters that I ve had in NC .	Sauceman	neutral
Sauceman 's has some of the best BBQ platters that I ve had in NC .	BBQ platters	neutral
I love that you can select either a vinegar or mayo based coleslaw .	coleslaw	neutral
Each provides a very different experience with your meal .	meal	neutral
In addition to the slaw , you select a side and I am committed to the mac n ' cheese .	slaw	neutral
In addition to the slaw , you select a side and I am committed to the mac n ' cheese .	mac n	neutral
I do n't like the " velveeta " style mac n cheese but a real side with real mixed cheeses .	mac n cheese	neutral
I do n't like the " velveeta " style mac n cheese but a real side with real mixed cheeses .	mixed cheeses	neutral
Sauceman 's does not disappoint .	Sauceman 's	neutral
Additionally , I also like that the sauces are kept at the table so that customers can sample different types with their pulled pork , brisket , turkey or chicken .	sauces	neutral
Additionally , I also like that the sauces are kept at the table so that customers can sample different types with their pulled pork , brisket , turkey or chicken .	pulled pork	neutral
Additionally , I also like that the sauces are kept at the table so that customers can sample different types with their pulled pork , brisket , turkey or chicken .	brisket	neutral
Additionally , I also like that the sauces are kept at the table so that customers can sample different types with their pulled pork , brisket , turkey or chicken .	turkey	neutral
Additionally , I also like that the sauces are kept at the table so that customers can sample different types with their pulled pork , brisket , turkey or chicken .	chicken	neutral
The only reason I give 4 instead of 5 stars is the small venue , and the lack of parking .	venue	neutral
The food , and customer service , however , are great !	food	neutral
The food , and customer service , however , are great !	customer service	neutral
What a very nice surprise this restaurant is !	restaurant	neutral
Yes , it may be a fast casual restaurant , but , the food is upscale and very affordable .	restaurant	neutral
Yes , it may be a fast casual restaurant , but , the food is upscale and very affordable .	food	neutral
At the Utah location I had the Slow Braised Beef Short Ribs ( $ 11 .	Slow Braised Beef Short Ribs	neutral
The beef was tender and the fingerling potatoes carrots and asparagus with cooked perfectly .	beef	neutral
The beef was tender and the fingerling potatoes carrots and asparagus with cooked perfectly .	fingerling potatoes carrots	neutral
Chicken was moist and tender and was also served with fingerling potaotes .	Chicken	neutral
You would expect this quality of food and presentation at an upscale restaurant and pay a lot more for it !	food	neutral
You would expect this quality of food and presentation at an upscale restaurant and pay a lot more for it !	restaurant	neutral
I 'm impressed that this is a ( small ) chain restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The food is authentic and on par with some of the best in Los Angeles and Vancouver .	food	neutral
The braised beef noodle soup was a standout .	braised beef noodle soup	neutral
The soup flavor was really good .	soup flavor	neutral
The preserved vegetables and pork noodle soup was solid but nothing to write home about .	preserved vegetables and pork noodle soup	neutral
Their dumplings were solid and so were the Siu Mai .	dumplings	neutral
Their dumplings were solid and so were the Siu Mai .	Siu Mai	neutral
My recommendation would be to get the braised beef noodle soup with the handmade noodles .	braised beef noodle soup with	neutral
The street tacos were perfect and the Hibiscus margarita was amazing .	street tacos	neutral
The street tacos were perfect and the Hibiscus margarita was amazing .	Hibiscus margarita	neutral
The service was exceptional and the staff accompanied my daughter 's off menu requests .	service	neutral
The service was exceptional and the staff accompanied my daughter 's off menu requests .	staff	neutral
Thought we 'd try Showmars ; they are convenient .	Showmars	neutral
Plenty tables available but every one was sticky .	tables	neutral
I do n't consider a table top that holds on to you to be clean .	table top	neutral
Food was served quickly and is okay .	Food	neutral
The service somedays has a lot to be desired , but you ca n't miss the location and the food is quite respectable	service somedays	neutral
The service somedays has a lot to be desired , but you ca n't miss the location and the food is quite respectable	location	neutral
The service somedays has a lot to be desired , but you ca n't miss the location and the food is quite respectable	food	neutral
welll we were greeted at the door by a friendly server that explained everything about the sunday brunch .	server	neutral
The food was real good they had in the first room all the cold stuff macaroni salad made with penne , broccoli and cauiflower .	food	neutral
cold cuts , cheese yogurt ganola , juices , pastries and Cereal .	juices	neutral
cold cuts , cheese yogurt ganola , juices , pastries and Cereal .	pastries	neutral
In the next room was all the hot stuff , bacon , sausage links , biscuits and gravy , homestyle potatoes .	sausage	neutral
In the next room was all the hot stuff , bacon , sausage links , biscuits and gravy , homestyle potatoes .	biscuits	neutral
All this for 10 bucks and that includes great coffee .	coffee	neutral
A big 5 stars for Squash Blossom .	Squash Blossom	neutral
42 for a vegetarian buffet on a weekday for lunch ...	vegetarian buffet	neutral
with like 4 basic entrees to choose from ?	entrees	neutral
The food was ok but basic and bland .	food	neutral
place was empty , should have taken that as a hint .	place	neutral
They always have amazingly cold beer in ice cold mugs !	beer	neutral
They always have amazingly cold beer in ice cold mugs !	mugs	neutral
I was n't impressed with the cut of meat I got as there was a lot of gristle .	meat	neutral
Good service and quality food .	service	neutral
Good service and quality food .	food	neutral
They have to make your food fast , but that 's not the kind of restaurant Aroma intended to be .	food	neutral
While I do have a quarrel with Aroma as a business in itself , this particular one will skimp out on ingredients that you pay OH SO MUCH FOR and will never , ever , remember a specification on an order ( eg . sauce preference ) .	ingredients	neutral
While I do have a quarrel with Aroma as a business in itself , this particular one will skimp out on ingredients that you pay OH SO MUCH FOR and will never , ever , remember a specification on an order ( eg . sauce preference ) .	sauce	neutral
Go when it 's slow , however that 's a risk too , as the ingredients may not be prime .	ingredients	neutral
Still really like this place but was a bit bummed with part of my lunch order today .	place	neutral
I decided to give their sweet potato fries a try & took my order to go .	sweet potato fries	neutral
As with most sushi joints , they would have one good cut of fish and the rest and the best you could say about everything else was that it was " not off . "	fish	neutral
Every single piece of fish was the perfect texture and taste for its specimen .	fish	neutral
My sushi dinners are about to increase 10 fold !	sushi dinners	neutral
A very family friendly restaurnt with great food and wonderful customer service .	restaurnt	neutral
A very family friendly restaurnt with great food and wonderful customer service .	food	neutral
A very family friendly restaurnt with great food and wonderful customer service .	customer service	neutral
I 'm not sure why people are giving this place bad reviews .	place	neutral
I got the chicken quesadilla dinner combo and it was n't bad at all , just your typical Mexican place .	chicken quesadilla dinner combo	neutral
The waitress was attentive and courteous !	waitress	neutral
And a big plus , the large beer on tap was huge and pretty cheap .	large beer	neutral
Which was shocking due to the crowd .	crowd	neutral
I ordered the curry chicken Katsu .	curry chicken	neutral
Perfect curry flavor .	curry	neutral
My waiter was attentive but he did seem a bit annoyed by his manager or maybe it was just typical kitchen drama .	waiter	neutral
Since I was sitting at the bar , the cooks	cooks	neutral
I will be back and hope to try one of tempting desserts .	desserts	neutral
I had the best vegetarian pho I 've had in a long time .	vegetarian pho	neutral
If you remember your Italian grandmother lovingly hand making you pizza dough and noodles	pizza dough	neutral
We had the meatball appetizer , a personal pizza and a pasta .	meatball	neutral
We were promptly seated at the bar upstairs , and were immediately asked our drink order and given menus by a friendly and knowledgeable waitress .	waitress	neutral
I 'm not usually a huge pizza fan , but I 'd heard so many good things about the pizza here that I had to try it .	pizza	neutral
My wife got the pasta which was fluffy , homemade , and equally delicious .	pasta	neutral
They also had an impressive fine liquor , wine , and beer list , including belgium classics Chimay and Hoegaarden on tap .	liquor	neutral
They also had an impressive fine liquor , wine , and beer list , including belgium classics Chimay and Hoegaarden on tap .	wine	neutral
They also had an impressive fine liquor , wine , and beer list , including belgium classics Chimay and Hoegaarden on tap .	beer list	neutral
They also had an impressive fine liquor , wine , and beer list , including belgium classics Chimay and Hoegaarden on tap .	Chimay	neutral
Whether you 're going for the fast , excellent service , the drink selection , the pleasant atmosphere , or some of the best Italian food you 'll find anywhere ( including Venice ) , Il Pizzaiolo is a perfect choice .	service	neutral
Whether you 're going for the fast , excellent service , the drink selection , the pleasant atmosphere , or some of the best Italian food you 'll find anywhere ( including Venice ) , Il Pizzaiolo is a perfect choice .	drink selection	neutral
Whether you 're going for the fast , excellent service , the drink selection , the pleasant atmosphere , or some of the best Italian food you 'll find anywhere ( including Venice ) , Il Pizzaiolo is a perfect choice .	atmosphere	neutral
Whether you 're going for the fast , excellent service , the drink selection , the pleasant atmosphere , or some of the best Italian food you 'll find anywhere ( including Venice ) , Il Pizzaiolo is a perfect choice .	Italian food	neutral
Premium pizza has a punishing price .	pizza	neutral
Our lunch ( 1 personal pan pizza , 1 pasta , 1 shared appetizer , no drinks or dessert ) was $ 50 with tip .	personal pan pizza	neutral
If you 're willing to settle for more pedestrian fair , that 's the price of 10 foot long subway italian sub lunches at the subway less than 100 feet away .	subway italian	neutral
For a special occasion , Il Pizzaiolo offers a flawless italian dining experience , and while I did n't used to think a personal pizza could be worth $ 18 , Il Pizzaiolo 's really is that good .	italian	neutral
I heard from a friend the eggplant parmigiano is even better	eggplant parmigiano	neutral
Very nice staff .	staff	neutral
Relaxed atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Speedy service .	service	neutral
I love the coffee with salted cream !	coffee with salted cream	neutral
They use real taro in the taro slushy .	taro slushy	neutral
Definitely the best tea place in Vegas .	tea place	neutral
Terrible terrible employees , worst customer service I 've received in a while .	employees	neutral
Terrible terrible employees , worst customer service I 've received in a while .	customer service	neutral
I 'm shocked at how confrontational this employee was .	employee	neutral
Bahama breeze is a fun place with fun bartenders .	Bahama breeze	neutral
Bahama breeze is a fun place with fun bartenders .	bartenders	neutral
Love this place , their juices are awesome , their cleanse even better !	place	neutral
Love this place , their juices are awesome , their cleanse even better !	juices	neutral
Love this place , their juices are awesome , their cleanse even better !	cleanse	neutral
Frenchies get a bad rep .	Frenchies	neutral
I saw things I would eat in one of those virtual reality machines - napoleons , croissants , tarts .... and was certainly impressed with the sheer size of the place - it was huge in the back and served savory goods too !	croissants	neutral
Yet the mission was for macarons , and I could not believe the endless flavors and colors available .	macarons	neutral
Miss Parisienne seemed amused that I did not want chocolate or peanut butter , but I got lemon and vanilla for myself , and a blueberry for the boy .	Parisienne	neutral
Great food and beer and an awesome beer garden center as well .	food	neutral
Great food and beer and an awesome beer garden center as well .	beer	neutral
Great food and beer and an awesome beer garden center as well .	beer garden center	neutral
A cool place to check out .	place	neutral
Very friendly and quick service .	service	neutral
Food is good but not sure if I would put in top 5 burger spots .	Food	neutral
Food is good but not sure if I would put in top 5 burger spots .	burger	neutral
If you are near this end of the Strip , Shake Shack is something different .	Shake Shack	neutral
The black raspberry milk shake is a must try .	black raspberry milk shake	neutral
This IS food done RIGHT .	food	neutral
We had several items on the menu & everything tasted fabulous .	menu	neutral
Looking for a great place to have a great breakfast ?	breakfast	neutral
The service was fantastic and we were always taken care of .	service	neutral
The corned beef hash was amazing .	corned beef hash	neutral
There are breakfast choices for everyone so you wo n't have to worry about not finding something you like .	breakfast	neutral
This place was just OK .	place	neutral
The atmosphere was a little bizarre - Paris meets downtown warehouse .	atmosphere	neutral
The tables were super small , we were only given one glass of water ( no refills ) , and we waited far too long for our food .	tables	neutral
Once we did receive our breakfast meals , they were quite tasty , however we then waited too long for our bill , only to learn they did n't accept credit cards - just cash .	breakfast meals	neutral
If it were n't for the spicy food , this place would be one star .	spicy food	neutral
I did a mediterranean tour , Israel and Egypt in the Navy and this food did not taste the same .	food	neutral
The food did n't taste bad but somethings were different .	food	neutral
Maybe the water ?	water	neutral
The service was excellent .	service	neutral
The place looked clean .	place	neutral
The food was awesome !	food	neutral
I recommend the shrimp and grits !	shrimp and grits	neutral
Calamari was good .	Calamari	neutral
The Mahi Mahi tacos were perfect .	Mahi Mahi tacos	neutral
Thanks for all the late night pizza over the last 45 years	late night pizza	neutral
you can actually get a diff kind of salad .	salad	neutral
i recommend the hawaiian salad .	hawaiian salad	neutral
they have a really delicious rice topping .	rice topping	neutral
the katsu sauce is not your average red - brown sauce .	katsu sauce	neutral
i 'd recommend trying the kalua pork and the katsu .	kalua pork	neutral
i 'd recommend trying the kalua pork and the katsu .	katsu	neutral
the katsu is nothing spectacular , but it does come with that really awesome sauce .	katsu	neutral
the katsu is nothing spectacular , but it does come with that really awesome sauce .	sauce	neutral
the teriyaki chicken is pretty good as well .	teriyaki chicken	neutral
Great place for lunch downtown .	place	neutral
Fresh sandwiches , salads , and fantastic flatbread pizzas .	sandwiches	neutral
Fresh sandwiches , salads , and fantastic flatbread pizzas .	salads	neutral
Fresh sandwiches , salads , and fantastic flatbread pizzas .	flatbread pizzas	neutral
Also have cold Izze 's on hand , which I have been addicted to lately .	Izze 's	neutral
The managers there really make the difference if the staff is slammed they seem to pick up the slack so that they can accommodate any super busy times and we appreciate it .	staff	neutral
That extra refill on my diet coke is always super appreciated ! !	diet coke	neutral
They have delicious appetizers .	appetizers	neutral
The pizza was one of the best we 've ever had !	pizza	neutral
We ordered the bruschetta appetizer which were fresh and crafted nicely .	bruschetta appetizer	neutral
The Antipasto salad is tossed in House Italian dressing , which was delightful .	Antipasto salad	neutral
We would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good Italian restaurant .	place	neutral
We would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good Italian restaurant .	Italian restaurant	neutral
Hash House is probably my favorite breakfast spot in Las Vegas .	Hash House	neutral
I know corned beef hash is an acquired taste	corned beef hash	neutral
and this place does it best .	place	neutral
I also love all the homemade jams on thick whole wheat toast .	homemade jams	neutral
I also love all the homemade jams on thick whole wheat toast .	thick	neutral
I also love all the homemade jams on thick whole wheat toast .	whole wheat toast	neutral
I 've had the hotcakes several times as well and they are awesome !	hotcakes	neutral
This place is small and does get busy sometimes but have a little patience !	place	neutral
The owner is usually there is friendly and always checks up on my food .	owner	neutral
The mac and cheese tastes like kraft dinner & the burgers were nothing special .	mac and cheese	neutral
The mac and cheese tastes like kraft dinner & the burgers were nothing special .	burgers	neutral
It was very overpriced for the quality of food you get .	food	neutral
Vegans beware the menu	menu	neutral
The atmosphere was a little dirty and the food was literally served on styrofoam plates and paper bowls .	atmosphere	neutral
Poor service does n't deserve my money !	service	neutral
Great spot .	spot	neutral
If you like spice try the Volcano Beef , it is awesome .	Volcano Beef	neutral
If you like seafood and cream sauce go with the Dragon Phoenix .	Dragon Phoenix	neutral
Abacus Special chicken is great for a fried option .	Abacus Special chicken	neutral
My friends ca n't get enough of the Sesame Chicken if you like sweet , good stuff .	Sesame Chicken	neutral
We had the carnivore pizza , BLT salad , candied bacon and house chips .	carnivore pizza	neutral
We had the carnivore pizza , BLT salad , candied bacon and house chips .	BLT salad	neutral
We had the carnivore pizza , BLT salad , candied bacon and house chips .	candied bacon	neutral
Great beer selection , great food , great atmosphere .	beer selection	neutral
Great beer selection , great food , great atmosphere .	food	neutral
Great beer selection , great food , great atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Great menu with lots of choices and classic rock music ( that means the 70 's , not the 90 's little yelpers ) .	menu	neutral
I have found the food to always be good , although they sometimes run out of things ( ahi or crab cakes in particular ) .	food	neutral
I have found the food to always be good , although they sometimes run out of things ( ahi or crab cakes in particular ) .	crab cakes	neutral
I do think it 's a bit expensive , but I really have to knock down a star as service is so erratic .	service	neutral
Had great service the other night .	service	neutral
The best part , the hostLess who took her time in seating us while she finished her personal conversation , thanked us for coming in as we walked out .	hostLess	neutral
There was a wide variety of salad , meats , and sides that come with your meal ; drinks and dessert are not included .	salad	neutral
There was a wide variety of salad , meats , and sides that come with your meal ; drinks and dessert are not included .	meats	neutral
The service is phenomenal and absolutely what you 'd want when you spend that much money for food .	service	neutral
The service is phenomenal and absolutely what you 'd want when you spend that much money for food .	food	neutral
We are absolutely meat lovers , and enjoy good flavor , however with the exception of a couple of cuts , there really was n't too much to it , other than over salted entrees .	cuts	neutral
We are absolutely meat lovers , and enjoy good flavor , however with the exception of a couple of cuts , there really was n't too much to it , other than over salted entrees .	entrees	neutral
Go and support this local business making homemade ice cream !	ice cream	neutral
Honestly , you can not go wrong with anything from Elizabeth Creamery .	Creamery	neutral
From scoops to milkshakes and everything in between , it 's sure to fix your sweet tooth craving !	scoops	neutral
From scoops to milkshakes and everything in between , it 's sure to fix your sweet tooth craving !	milkshakes	neutral
They have all the traditional flavors but they also have some creative creations like green tea and ginger .	green tea	neutral
They have all the traditional flavors but they also have some creative creations like green tea and ginger .	ginger	neutral
My personal favorite is their Reese 's , and it works great as a scoop or in a milkshake .	Reese 's	neutral
There is so much variety here and all their ice cream is just the perfect amount of creamy deliciousness .	ice cream	neutral
Very nice meal .	meal	neutral
GREAT service .	service	neutral
Cooked perfectly - which seems to be lost art these days - and the sides were excellent .	sides	neutral
The bacon mac & cheese is highly recommended .	bacon mac & cheese	neutral
The staff was very professional and helpful through the whole ordeal .	staff	neutral
I 'll bet dessert is excellent ... but I might never know .	dessert	neutral
The staff here was super sincere , helpful , attentive , and friendly ! ! !	staff	neutral
The food , although it is n't up there with some of the best / most authentic Thai food I 've had , was still decent .	Thai food	neutral
Papaya Salad	Papaya Salad	neutral
Beef Panang Curry : this was quite tasty ! ! !	Beef Panang Curry	neutral
Super flavorful , rich , creamy , veggies were cooked perfectly , and the beef was surprisingly tender and moist ! ! !	veggies	neutral
Super flavorful , rich , creamy , veggies were cooked perfectly , and the beef was surprisingly tender and moist ! ! !	beef	neutral
Generous amount of beef included too ! !	beef	neutral
Shrimp Pad Thai : was a touch on the sour side and the noodles were quite a bit thinner than what we 're used to but the shrimp was cooked to perfection ! !	Shrimp Pad Thai	neutral
Shrimp Pad Thai : was a touch on the sour side and the noodles were quite a bit thinner than what we 're used to but the shrimp was cooked to perfection ! !	shrimp	neutral
Pad Prik Kow : this did n't taste like what I 'm used to but it was still flavorful and fresh !	Pad Prik Kow	neutral
Food wise , I would give this place between 3 . 5 - 4 stars but because the service and atmosphere was so wonderful and relaxing , I 'm giving this place a 5 !	Food	neutral
Food wise , I would give this place between 3 . 5 - 4 stars but because the service and atmosphere was so wonderful and relaxing , I 'm giving this place a 5 !	service	neutral
Food wise , I would give this place between 3 . 5 - 4 stars but because the service and atmosphere was so wonderful and relaxing , I 'm giving this place a 5 !	atmosphere	neutral
This was the worst of the previous visits , our server came around a total 3 times to clear plates or refresh drinks , I was reduced to taking my glass to a swinging door I saw the servers come in and out of to ask for more Tea .	server	neutral
This was the worst of the previous visits , our server came around a total 3 times to clear plates or refresh drinks , I was reduced to taking my glass to a swinging door I saw the servers come in and out of to ask for more Tea .	servers	neutral
A bit embarrassing as I had boasted about this buffet to my traveling companions who were 1st time Vegas visitors .	buffet	neutral
Honestly , I will be going to the Rio next time I am in Vegas and want a " good " buffet .	buffet	neutral
Anyways we ordered the " bouch辿e amuse poulet " which looked like popcorn chicken .	bouch辿e amuse poulet	neutral
It came with 3 sauces and 3 different salts !	sauces	neutral
This appetizer came looking hot , but it was warm .	appetizer	neutral
Then we got the grilled chicken sandwich with the goat cheese .	grilled	neutral
Switched the fries for a Cesar salad and added an extra garlic mash potatoes .	fries	neutral
The sandwich was very small and not filling at all .	sandwich	neutral
Service was not too fast but not too log either .	Service	neutral
The waitress was nice and adorable .	waitress	neutral
This place is good for boys night out or watching a sports event .	place	neutral
Poor Chorizo super burrito .	Chorizo	neutral
Poor Chorizo super burrito .	burrito	neutral
The Chorizo was basically on one side of the burrito and the lettuce and tomato were jaded .	Chorizo	neutral
The Chorizo was basically on one side of the burrito and the lettuce and tomato were jaded .	lettuce	neutral
The Chorizo was basically on one side of the burrito and the lettuce and tomato were jaded .	tomato	neutral
I lived in NZ and missed the Flat Whites , this place and one other ( out of 15 + places I have tried in Toronto ) get it right .	Flat Whites	neutral
The barristas I have had are properly trained and actually know what they are talking about .	barristas	neutral
Excellent excellent flat whites and americanos .	flat whites	neutral
Excellent excellent flat whites and americanos .	americanos	neutral
My absolute favourite place in Toronto !	place	neutral
The beans are superb .	beans	neutral
Thanks Dark Horse .	Dark Horse	neutral
Warm and welcoming caf辿 and thrift store .	caf辿	neutral
Decent selection of clothes at reasonable price , if a little worn and dingy .	clothes	neutral
I actually think this place can be good	place	neutral
but right now most of my bowl was filler .	bowl	neutral
And the amount of protein was pathetically small .	protein	neutral
There is no reason to give so little chicken , it 's not that expensive an ingredient .	chicken	neutral
Great spot for a REAL coffee served in china cups and not in paper cups ! !	spot	neutral
Great spot for a REAL coffee served in china cups and not in paper cups ! !	coffee	neutral
And is not bitter coffee either ! !	coffee	neutral
I actually like the food , but the owner is rude as hell .	food	neutral
I actually like the food , but the owner is rude as hell .	owner	neutral
This guy does n't deserve your business .	guy	neutral
It takes more than one hour to deliver , and the food is disappointing .	food	neutral
My server was Kaitlin , she was absolutely awesome .	server	neutral
Very attentive and the food was great .	food	neutral
Will definitely be coming back soon and asking for this server !	server	neutral
Excellent food , great service , and awesome environment .	food	neutral
Excellent food , great service , and awesome environment .	service	neutral
Excellent food , great service , and awesome environment .	environment	neutral
Only downside is that there were no professional level sports on , only college level .	sports	neutral
Although college level sports is huge this time of year , not everybody is interested in that .	sports	neutral
I love their buffet !	buffet	neutral
The fried little donuts they have is literally the best one I have ever had .	fried little donuts	neutral
Also the music shows they play on the TV is so annoying .	music	neutral
Some music on a reasonably low volume for the ambiance ?	ambiance	neutral
Food was amazing , the service / hosts were horrible .	Food	neutral
Food was amazing , the service / hosts were horrible .	service	neutral
Food was amazing , the service / hosts were horrible .	hosts	neutral
Once I got seated by myself , it took my waitress 15 minutes to even ask what beverage I wanted .	waitress	neutral
I assume that the reason it took so long is because the waitresses ( in my section ) had given my table to the waitress I had today ( who had 4 tables already elsewhere ) because why ?	waitresses	neutral
The food deserves 5 stars but the service sucks	food	neutral
The food deserves 5 stars but the service sucks	service	neutral
The free popcorn is good .	free popcorn	neutral
Kids get a full size candy bar with their meal which is a hit .	candy bar	neutral
Kids get a full size candy bar with their meal which is a hit .	meal	neutral
The food is average .	food	neutral
The beer list is hit or miss .	beer list	neutral
The bartenders are usually pretty good .	bartenders	neutral
The oatmeal was good .	oatmeal	neutral
Drinks are always delicious-	Drinks	neutral
but I can not understand why this is the slowest Starbucks on earth ?	Starbucks	neutral
If someone could explain the weird smell to me , I 'd appreciate it .	smell	neutral
The drinks were OK , but points for actually juicing stuff right at the bar .	drinks	neutral
But damn the food is good .	food	neutral
The singapore slaw , their so called signature dish , is amazing but it was the caramelized black cod that won me over .	singapore slaw	neutral
The singapore slaw , their so called signature dish , is amazing but it was the caramelized black cod that won me over .	caramelized black cod	neutral
The braised beef was excellent too , as was the jerk spiced pork ribs .	braised beef	neutral
The braised beef was excellent too , as was the jerk spiced pork ribs .	jerk spiced pork ribs	neutral
Make the portions larger !	portions	neutral
But the food is so rich , you wo n't feel cheated but be prepared to pay up .	food	neutral
Good food and great cocktails too .	food	neutral
Good food and great cocktails too .	cocktails	neutral
When it comes to Thai cuisine , the first dish that immediately provokes my foodie thought is the signature , Pad Thai !	Thai cuisine	neutral
For this particular specialty , Thai Basil should be commended for quality , taste , and consistency .	Thai Basil	neutral
To elaborate , while some places I have had come out overly mushy , the noodles here are soft and steamy , fresh off the pan , but what really brings this dish out is its sweet , rich , glazey flavor along with a fresh mix of crunchy bean sprouts and green onions .	noodles	neutral
To elaborate , while some places I have had come out overly mushy , the noodles here are soft and steamy , fresh off the pan , but what really brings this dish out is its sweet , rich , glazey flavor along with a fresh mix of crunchy bean sprouts and green onions .	bean	neutral
I like to top it off with my choice of chicken that is cooked tenderly good .	chicken	neutral
Pad See - ew is my other go - to dish .	Pad See - ew	neutral
The wide , flat - style , rice noodles are cooked nicely and comes out hot and steamy the way I always like it !	rice noodles	neutral
Beef is my usual choice of meat and is cooked nicely holding that beefy flavor .	Beef	neutral
The big distinction that makes this dish so tasty and addictive is from the pan - fried , eggy flavor .	dish	neutral
The big distinction that makes this dish so tasty and addictive is from the pan - fried , eggy flavor .	pan - fried	neutral
The big distinction that makes this dish so tasty and addictive is from the pan - fried , eggy flavor .	eggy	neutral
The service here I would describe as kind of robotic , but true Asian - style .	service	neutral
I come in , the waiter sees you , I tell him / her	waiter	neutral
how many guests and then immediately directs you to an open table followed by their most delicious , complimentary starter salad and ice water .	starter salad	neutral
My typical wait for my order is around 10 minutes .	wait	neutral
The menu is not that extensive but it still boast a good variety from many curry - style rice dishes to ( of course ) pan - fried noodles .	menu	neutral
The menu is not that extensive but it still boast a good variety from many curry - style rice dishes to ( of course ) pan - fried noodles .	curry	neutral
The menu is not that extensive but it still boast a good variety from many curry - style rice dishes to ( of course ) pan - fried noodles .	rice dishes	neutral
The menu is not that extensive but it still boast a good variety from many curry - style rice dishes to ( of course ) pan - fried noodles .	pan	neutral
The decor is very clean and contemporary with booth seatings .	decor	neutral
The decor is very clean and contemporary with booth seatings .	booth seatings	neutral
Their salad dressing for the complimentary salad is unbelievable .	salad dressing for	neutral
Their salad dressing for the complimentary salad is unbelievable .	complimentary salad	neutral
For the quality , consistency , taste , and reasonable pricing for a lunch during the work week , Thai Basil made it to my 5-star club .	Thai Basil	neutral
Just tried the Fritos enchilada melt .	Fritos	neutral
Just tried the Fritos enchilada melt .	enchilada melt	neutral
Not a bad lunch .	lunch	neutral
It gets a little busy during lunch so the staff just focuses on getting you in and out .	staff	neutral
If i eat there i 'll usually pick the meatball marinara or the buffalo chicken .	meatball marinara	neutral
My husband and I have dined here a few times now and the first experience was great and the restaurant is beautiful	restaurant	neutral
but I was n't impressed by my meal .	meal	neutral
I ordered the sea bass and I have to say I 've definitely had better .	sea bass	neutral
But my husband loved it and the service was great	service	neutral
This time I ordered the lobster entree and it was to die for ... cooked just right	lobster entree	neutral
and the sauce was amazing ! !	sauce	neutral
We recently went there to celebrate our 5 year anniversary and had a wonderful time , the food and drinks were amazing , and our waiter took great care of us knowing it was a special evening .	food	neutral
We recently went there to celebrate our 5 year anniversary and had a wonderful time , the food and drinks were amazing , and our waiter took great care of us knowing it was a special evening .	drinks	neutral
We recently went there to celebrate our 5 year anniversary and had a wonderful time , the food and drinks were amazing , and our waiter took great care of us knowing it was a special evening .	waiter	neutral
Amazing chicken , a bit pricey but soooooo worth it .	chicken	neutral
Got the combo with spicy , mild and honey garlic , amazing quality and just so good .	combo with spicy	neutral
Comparing IKEA Cafe to your neighborhood restaurant would be ridiculous .	IKEA	neutral
IKEA is famous for 2 things : cheap modern furniture and Swedish meatballs .	furniture	neutral
IKEA is famous for 2 things : cheap modern furniture and Swedish meatballs .	meatballs	neutral
The cafe has other food items such as Schokoladballen , almond cake , salads , soups , garlic bread , lingonberry , mashed potatoes , veggies , chicken meatballs , stuffed chicken , veggie meatballs , etc .	salads	neutral
The cafe has other food items such as Schokoladballen , almond cake , salads , soups , garlic bread , lingonberry , mashed potatoes , veggies , chicken meatballs , stuffed chicken , veggie meatballs , etc .	soups	neutral
The cafe has other food items such as Schokoladballen , almond cake , salads , soups , garlic bread , lingonberry , mashed potatoes , veggies , chicken meatballs , stuffed chicken , veggie meatballs , etc .	garlic	neutral
The cafe has other food items such as Schokoladballen , almond cake , salads , soups , garlic bread , lingonberry , mashed potatoes , veggies , chicken meatballs , stuffed chicken , veggie meatballs , etc .	lingonberry	neutral
The cafe has other food items such as Schokoladballen , almond cake , salads , soups , garlic bread , lingonberry , mashed potatoes , veggies , chicken meatballs , stuffed chicken , veggie meatballs , etc .	chicken meatballs	neutral
The cafe has other food items such as Schokoladballen , almond cake , salads , soups , garlic bread , lingonberry , mashed potatoes , veggies , chicken meatballs , stuffed chicken , veggie meatballs , etc .	stuffed chicken	neutral
Their fountain drinks include raspberry water , lemon drink , lingonberry water , cola and diet cola .	lemon	neutral
Back to the cooler for Salad or dessert .	dessert	neutral
There 's plenty of seating .	seating	neutral
My favorite items are Swedish meatballs with mashed potatoes , beans , and lingonberry + a slice or two of their almond cake	Swedish meatballs	neutral
After a small problem with the elevators we made our way through the lounge and to the restaurant .	elevators	neutral
The dining room was a little dark for my taste but the views and the rest of the ambiance were great !	dining room	neutral
The dining room was a little dark for my taste but the views and the rest of the ambiance were great !	views	neutral
The dining room was a little dark for my taste but the views and the rest of the ambiance were great !	ambiance	neutral
Our waitress was great , very accommodating and smiling .	waitress	neutral
The food was great .	food	neutral
The quality was superb , the wines perfect .	wines	neutral
Each dish has some unexpected taste to it ... which made the meal very good overall .	dish	neutral
Each dish has some unexpected taste to it ... which made the meal very good overall .	meal	neutral
It is always a little worrying when you try to put so much money for ONE meal , we are afraid to be disappointed , and not get the value , but this was not the case at the Mix .	meal	neutral
Great food and restaurant experience overall .	food	neutral
Great food and restaurant experience overall .	restaurant	neutral
I had braised pork with rice - huge portion !	braised pork with rice	neutral
taste was satisfying !	taste	neutral
Very simple and low - budget interior design if you do n't mind .	interior design	neutral
Ideal place for students to study or hang out .	place	neutral
Cool vibe and great happy hour all day ! ! !	vibe	neutral
Cool vibe and great happy hour all day ! ! !	happy hour	neutral
Menu is extensive and sophisticated .	Menu	neutral
Sitting outside on a beautiful patio .	patio	neutral
The arepas were delicious and the empanadas reminded me of Caracas .	arepas	neutral
The arepas were delicious and the empanadas reminded me of Caracas .	empanadas	neutral
The cilantro & ajo sauce is a must !	cilantro & ajo sauce	neutral
The service was fast and the staff was friendly and very knowledgeable .	service	neutral
The service was fast and the staff was friendly and very knowledgeable .	staff	neutral
On 07/29/17 , I went to this wingstop at 11:40pm and the door was already locked .	wingstop	neutral
The atmosphere was cozy , rustic and romantic .	atmosphere	neutral
I had the Smoked Pork Shoulder sandwich and it was gorgeous .	Smoked Pork Shoulder sandwich	neutral
The apple - cabbage slaw topped with arugula was a perfect compliment to the pork along with and the amazing bread it was served on .	apple - cabbage slaw	neutral
The apple - cabbage slaw topped with arugula was a perfect compliment to the pork along with and the amazing bread it was served on .	arugula	neutral
The apple - cabbage slaw topped with arugula was a perfect compliment to the pork along with and the amazing bread it was served on .	bread	neutral
Otherwise everything thing was spot on and I can not wait to go back and try the duck .	duck	neutral
As for a drink , I would recommend The Jean Luc Colombo Rose .	Jean Luc Colombo Rose	neutral
and he was very engaging in all aspects including serving food .	food	neutral
My waitress / bartender was super friendly and sweet as well .	waitress	neutral
My waitress / bartender was super friendly and sweet as well .	bartender	neutral
The decor is very tropical , but we were n't here to admire the scenery .	decor	neutral
Finally we decided on the drink that tastes like mango ..	drink	neutral
so I do n't know if 100 oz of alcohol is worth that price	alcohol	neutral
I really want to like this place ! !	place	neutral
The service is great , the restaurant is clean , the food is just okay .	service	neutral
The service is great , the restaurant is clean , the food is just okay .	restaurant	neutral
The service is great , the restaurant is clean , the food is just okay .	food	neutral
All of the dishes just seem to kind of taste the same to me .	dishes	neutral
My biggest complaint is it 's really pricey for the amount of food you get .	food	neutral
Literally the best place to eat amazing food and amazing service you have to ask for Amber	place	neutral
Literally the best place to eat amazing food and amazing service you have to ask for Amber	food	neutral
Literally the best place to eat amazing food and amazing service you have to ask for Amber	service	neutral
she is so fun and has best recommendations for the food .non	food	neutral
Only reviewing happy hour ....	happy hour	neutral
Very tasty appetizers , good portions .	appetizers	neutral
Very tasty appetizers , good portions .	portions	neutral
French Onion soup is chronic .	French Onion soup	neutral
Nice TV 's and a sportsbook close by for betting .	TV	neutral
Service is great .	Service	neutral
Ambiance is very modern and fits the rest of the M.	Ambiance	neutral
Blown away by that Lobster King roll , time and time again .	Lobster King roll	neutral
Not the typical sushi joint .	sushi joint	neutral
I 've come back to this place with friends 5 - 6 times .	place	neutral
Staff could be a little friendlier or more attentive , but I did n't have any seriously bad experiences with the service so not really a fault .	Staff	neutral
Staff could be a little friendlier or more attentive , but I did n't have any seriously bad experiences with the service so not really a fault .	service	neutral
Terrible food .	food	neutral
Terrible service .	service	neutral
Its clean and the musician was bada$$.	musician	neutral
But I ordered a burger well done with no pink .	burger	neutral
I complained and the waiter was arguing with me that its still good .	waiter	neutral
He returned with a new burger just as bad .	burger	neutral
Very small menu super cute interior .	menu	neutral
Very small menu super cute interior .	interior	neutral
Just okay tea	tea	neutral
very little flavor and okay customer service probably wo n't be back .	customer service	neutral
Schnitzel with homemade fries was a good choice .	Schnitzel with homemade fries	neutral
We also ordered turkey salad which was OK .	turkey salad	neutral
but I do n't hqve any complaints since we enjoyed the weather and view .	view	neutral
Totally , the place is nice and the servant is polite .	place	neutral
Totally , the place is nice and the servant is polite .	servant	neutral
I would have given them a second chance if I did n't get the worst customer service ever .	customer service	neutral
Goat and polenta was awesome and so was gnocchi .	Goat and polenta	neutral
Goat and polenta was awesome and so was gnocchi .	gnocchi	neutral
Pizza looked great-	Pizza	neutral
Free sparkling water for the table .	sparkling water	neutral
Nice vibe inside .	vibe	neutral
Wait staff was attentive .	Wait staff	neutral
This was my first time in Toronto , so I had to try some poutine and heard this was a good place to go !	place	neutral
The dining area is spacious , casual , and comfortable .	dining area	neutral
Service was friendly as well .	Service	neutral
We tried a small Quebec - style Poutine , which made for a hearty snack , but was n't anything that memorable or special .	Poutine	neutral
It was just fries that were a bit soggy from some gravy .	fries	neutral
Speakeasy is on its death bed .	Speakeasy	neutral
" Ghost Town " Saloon " .	Saloon	neutral
I doubt this place will survive that long unless the owner is getting bankrolled by the mob .	place	neutral
I doubt this place will survive that long unless the owner is getting bankrolled by the mob .	owner	neutral
There is n't a good bar to country dance in the entire valley since Graham Central Station bit the dust .	Graham Central Station	neutral
Speakeasy had a good opportunity to capture some of that market but they totally blew it .	Speakeasy	neutral
I find that the safest item on any given menu for me to order is the Chicken Fajita , so as per my usual I ordered Chicken Fajita .	Chicken Fajita	neutral
The chicken was nicely cooked , and the sides were good .	chicken	neutral
The chicken was nicely cooked , and the sides were good .	sides	neutral
I do wish there was less rice and more lettuce as I prefer my fajitas to be less stodgy .	fajitas	neutral
You will not go hungry dining at this establishment .	establishment	neutral
The menu was small , unlike some other places like Hernando 's Hideaway , but what they do offer is quite delicious sounding and plentiful .	menu	neutral
I would feel comfortable bringing a vegetarian friend here , but not vegan as due to the over - abundance of cheese & sour cream .	cheese	neutral
I would feel comfortable bringing a vegetarian friend here , but not vegan as due to the over - abundance of cheese & sour cream .	sour cream	neutral
I am a big fan of Plain Ole Mexican Food like you MIGHT get at your friends mom 's house if you were lucky enough to be invited !	Mexican	neutral
My favorite part of their salsa bar is the thin strips of FRESH jalapeno with a little bit of onions and seasoning .	salsa bar	neutral
My favorite part of their salsa bar is the thin strips of FRESH jalapeno with a little bit of onions and seasoning .	jalapeno	neutral
They also have fresh made chips you self - serve for fifty - cents , NICE touch !	chips	neutral
Champaign chipotle serves decent food but it has two strikes against it .	food	neutral
The line for this restaurant borders on the absurd .	restaurant	neutral
If you like waiting in long lines to eat passable mexican food then this is the place for you .	mexican	neutral
The portions tend to be on the skimpy side .	portions	neutral
I 've been to chipotles across the country , and I have noticed that this one gives the smallest portions .	portions	neutral
Chipotle is nt cheap for that they provide .	Chipotle	neutral
You still have to wait in an crazy line , but the food will actually be worth the wait and walk .	line	neutral
You still have to wait in an crazy line , but the food will actually be worth the wait and walk .	food	neutral
For some reason I thought Koi would be a high quality sushi establishment in the heart of Planet Hollywood .	sushi	neutral
The decor is trendy and service is top notch but the food is subpar .	decor	neutral
The decor is trendy and service is top notch but the food is subpar .	service	neutral
The decor is trendy and service is top notch but the food is subpar .	food	neutral
Kobe Beef Carpaccio :	Kobe Beef Carpaccio	neutral
3/5 decent by there was just a tiny spec of Foie Gras ... come on !	Foie	neutral
1/5 dry chicken breast on a stick .	chicken breast	neutral
No thanks , it 's supposed to be marianted chicken thigh with an amazing dipping sauce .	dipping sauce	neutral
Tuna Tartare : 4/5 pretty good and w. a good balance of flavor .	Tuna Tartare	neutral
Roasted Duck Breast :	Roasted Duck Breast	neutral
but apple brown butter sauce was just average , pushing it down one star .	apple brown butter sauce	neutral
4/5 typical dragon roll , nothing special .	dragon roll	neutral
We did not order any sushi cause after making a short trip to our table , i was able to see the fish selection and it reminded me something i could get in Queens , NY .	fish	neutral
Ambiance is nice as we had a table overlooking the Bellagio fountain show but other than that ...	Ambiance	neutral
I have been impressed with their service , their food , and the atmosphere .	service	neutral
I have been impressed with their service , their food , and the atmosphere .	food	neutral
I have been impressed with their service , their food , and the atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
At least one or two servers always comes up to our table to make sure we are taken care of .	servers	neutral
There sure is a lot to choose from on the menu .	menu	neutral
I usually get their eggs and toast and bacon or sausage	eggs	neutral
I usually get their eggs and toast and bacon or sausage	toast	neutral
and I 've had their egg salad and another sandwich before as well , along with their soups .	egg salad	neutral
and I 've had their egg salad and another sandwich before as well , along with their soups .	soups	neutral
I would definitely recommend this place to those looking for somewhere new to try .	place	neutral
Food used to be better here but recently , the standard has been slipping .	Food	neutral
The won tons are ok but the noodles are a bit too soft .	won tons	neutral
The won tons are ok but the noodles are a bit too soft .	noodles	neutral
The congee is just ok .	congee	neutral
but if you 're served by the miserable woman , she 'll treat you as though you killed her whole family .	woman	neutral
The mackerel was great , and Sushi were huge , fresh , and yummy .	mackerel	neutral
The mackerel was great , and Sushi were huge , fresh , and yummy .	Sushi	neutral
The amount of fish in each rolls was the most I 've ever seen .	fish	neutral
The amount of fish in each rolls was the most I 've ever seen .	rolls	neutral
The service was a nightmare , however .	service	neutral
The wait time was quite long as well .	wait time	neutral
I 'm extremely disappointed in Scrambler Marie 's .	Scrambler Marie 's	neutral
Every time I went there , I had the traditional benny , but the last few times , it was just okay ...	traditional benny	neutral
The poached eggs were more like hard - boiled eggs and my english muffins were burned to a crisp - pitch black .	poached eggs	neutral
The poached eggs were more like hard - boiled eggs and my english muffins were burned to a crisp - pitch black .	english muffins	neutral
Our waitress even told us the table next to us had issues with their food being overcooked ( which , honestly , she should n't have told us , even if she needed to vent . )	waitress	neutral
Our waitress even told us the table next to us had issues with their food being overcooked ( which , honestly , she should n't have told us , even if she needed to vent . )	food	neutral
We are in town for spring break and someone recommend this place to us .	place	neutral
Service was slow at first but was rolling after that !	Service	neutral
Salad was Super delicious , we had a vinaigrette dressing , the penne and meatballs were excellent !	Salad	neutral
Salad was Super delicious , we had a vinaigrette dressing , the penne and meatballs were excellent !	vinaigrette dressing	neutral
Salad was Super delicious , we had a vinaigrette dressing , the penne and meatballs were excellent !	penne	neutral
Salad was Super delicious , we had a vinaigrette dressing , the penne and meatballs were excellent !	meatballs	neutral
And we had some wings which were good as well .	wings	neutral
Got ta try the cheesecake for dessert , so good .	cheesecake	neutral
Got ta try the cheesecake for dessert , so good .	dessert	neutral
They have great specials all week long .	specials	neutral
A really unique and comfortable restaurant with food to match .	restaurant	neutral
A really unique and comfortable restaurant with food to match .	food	neutral
The decor is different and original .	decor	neutral
The service is terrific .	service	neutral
The food is comfort food with a twist .	food	neutral
Breakfast was delicious from the hash browns , to the buttermilk biscuit and topped off with the blue corn ricotta pancakes .	Breakfast	neutral
Breakfast was delicious from the hash browns , to the buttermilk biscuit and topped off with the blue corn ricotta pancakes .	hash browns	neutral
Breakfast was delicious from the hash browns , to the buttermilk biscuit and topped off with the blue corn ricotta pancakes .	buttermilk biscuit	neutral
Breakfast was delicious from the hash browns , to the buttermilk biscuit and topped off with the blue corn ricotta pancakes .	blue corn ricotta pancakes	neutral
Wonderful , different and appetizing menu choices , not your run of the mill fare .	menu choices	neutral
Wonderful , different and appetizing menu choices , not your run of the mill fare .	fare	neutral
I imagine lunch and dinner are as much fun .	lunch	neutral
I imagine lunch and dinner are as much fun .	dinner	neutral
Four Seasons hit the nail on the head with this one .	Four Seasons	neutral
I ordered a turkey sandwich and was a little disappointed in the size ( for the price ) as well as the turkey , as I was expecting lunch - meat turkey .	turkey sandwich	neutral
This was hot sliced turkey .	turkey	neutral
I ordered the red peppers with hummus as a side , and was glad that this was an option rather than chips .	red peppers	neutral
I did enjoy the hummus ; however there was not nearly enough peppers .	hummus	neutral
I did really enjoy the ambiance of this place and I would love to return for a cup of coffee .	ambiance	neutral
I did really enjoy the ambiance of this place and I would love to return for a cup of coffee .	place	neutral
Eh ... not so impressed by this place , mainly because of the price .	place	neutral
The pie at Wanda 's was highly recommended to me by my hosts in Toronto .	pie	neutral
I went for a slice of classic cherry pie , which ought to serve as a good baseline .	cherry pie	neutral
Again though , it was kind of thin , sad looking pie and not anything really remarkable .	pie	neutral
Amazing food and atmosphere .	food	neutral
Amazing food and atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
I highly recommend this place for good BBQ .	BBQ	neutral
Everything on menu is decent price and large portions .	menu	neutral
Everything on menu is decent price and large portions .	portions	neutral
Fresh stretch noodles .	noodles	neutral
Very good broth .	broth	neutral
I had the beef brisket .	beef brisket	neutral
We also ordered the fresh made pork and cabbage pots ticker and a side of fried rice ... sooooooogoooood ! ! ! !	pork and cabbage pots ticker	neutral
Good eats .	eats	neutral
The Food and service is amazing , which in my opinion are two of the most important factors in a restaurant , besides cleanliness .	Food	neutral
The Food and service is amazing , which in my opinion are two of the most important factors in a restaurant , besides cleanliness .	service	neutral
The Food and service is amazing , which in my opinion are two of the most important factors in a restaurant , besides cleanliness .	cleanliness	neutral
Parking is easy to find , it is in a great location , the district .	Parking	neutral
The restaurant offers a great kids menu and I really love that they offer fresh cut watermelon as a side dish , which my son loves .	fresh cut	neutral
The restaurant offers a great kids menu and I really love that they offer fresh cut watermelon as a side dish , which my son loves .	watermelon	neutral
Deep fried pickles ! !	pickles	neutral
Their food is OK .	food	neutral
The atmosphere is OK .	atmosphere	neutral
But the staff makes this establishment unvisitable .	staff	neutral
But the staff makes this establishment unvisitable .	establishment	neutral
Was greeted kindly by a very nice woman , then immediately put on hold when I asked if I could make an order for pickup .	woman	neutral
Wo n't be trying again , sorry , but my tolerance for inept management is zero .	management	neutral
Because they were so extremely helpful in the catering , that 's what I 'll be reviewing them for ( but also go check them out for lunch or dinner and to see their gorgeous mural ! )	catering	neutral
Because they were so extremely helpful in the catering , that 's what I 'll be reviewing them for ( but also go check them out for lunch or dinner and to see their gorgeous mural ! )	mural	neutral
Salem 's was wonderful to work with in getting catering for half of our wedding .	Salem	neutral
Due to having a mixed cultural wedding , we had our venue provide half the food ( your typical boring wedding food ) and Salem 's did the Indian half of our food ( delicious oh so goodness ! ) .	Salem	neutral
Oh man , their chili chicken is sooo good ( the hem of my wedding dress will agree because it got to taste some too when I dropped a whole bunch on it ... whoops ! ) .	chili chicken	neutral
Instead of a Pittsburgh cookie table , we had a baklava table - it was a GREAT SUCCESS .	baklava table	neutral
Even if you 're not Indian or Middle Eastern , you should definitely think about having Salem 's cater your wedding or event if you want a very memorable meal !	Salem	neutral
Even if you 're not Indian or Middle Eastern , you should definitely think about having Salem 's cater your wedding or event if you want a very memorable meal !	meal	neutral
I wanted to love this place simply because I thought I should love it considering the pomp and circumstance about it .	place	neutral
Upon arrival , we waited in the bar about 10 minutes , but the bartenders were too busy talking to a group of girls ( who all had full drinks ) to pay attention to other patrons , so we were never served .	bartenders	neutral
When we got to our table , I immediately noticed my wine glass was caked with food particles , inside and out .	wine	neutral
The waitress took it away as soon as she saw me examining it , or I would have taken a picture to post here .	waitress	neutral
The meat was okay , but I have had better ( more flavor other than charcoal ) .	meat	neutral
The potato side we got was so hard there were parts I could n't chew .	potato side	neutral
If you are looking for good , bold , authentic Indian flavors , this is the place for you .	Indian	neutral
The service was good !	service	neutral
Food was great , place was not noisy at all and the manager was very proficient with all the customers .	Food	neutral
Food was great , place was not noisy at all and the manager was very proficient with all the customers .	place	neutral
Food was great , place was not noisy at all and the manager was very proficient with all the customers .	manager	neutral
We had potato & leek soup , lasagne , rack of lamb and a margarita pizza .	potato & leek soup	neutral
We had potato & leek soup , lasagne , rack of lamb and a margarita pizza .	rack of lamb	neutral
And friendly and efficient service too .	service	neutral
Hopefully the weather will allow the patio to be open soon as well .	patio	neutral
The second time the server said " yes " when I asked if the cheese was real .	server	neutral
I 'm done with you and your preservative laden , faux ' healthy ' fast food .	fast food	neutral
I just can not understand why this place is so highly rated .	place	neutral
Could it be that people have never experienced barbeque outside of Arizona , so they have no basis of comparison ?	barbeque	neutral
The food is not bad , per se , it is just not that good .	food	neutral
$ 11 gets you a " large sandwich " which is not very large , an order of fries , and a soda -- RC brands .	sandwich	neutral
Service is all business .	Service	neutral
The place is usually dirty , but I am usually there right around lunch , so it might be better other times .	place	neutral
But ... it beats the Burger King down the street which is the worst BK in Christendom .	Burger King	neutral
and I was greeted by the friendly owner .	owner	neutral
It is a small location	location	neutral
There is a cooler with various bottled beverages to choose from .	cooler	neutral
The counter is close to the kitchen .	counter	neutral
I love how you can see what 's going on in the kitchen when they cook your food .	kitchen	neutral
The cone of gyro meat prominently spins on the heater next to the flat top .	gyro meat	neutral
I ordered the lamb and beef gyro with fries and was it delicious .	lamb and beef gyro with fries	neutral
Gyro and Wraps is a great option if you are into gyros and such .	Gyro and Wraps	neutral
I noticed that they have a pressure fryer so next time I 'll have to try the fried chicken .	fried chicken	neutral
Great little breakfast spot .	breakfast spot	neutral
Good , cheap breakfast practically made right in front of ya .	breakfast	neutral
I was n't expecting this place to be is good as it was .	place	neutral
My friends and I had had drinks there the previous night and a lively discussion with the bartenders who were very helpful .	bartenders	neutral
He recommended the kale salad .	kale salad	neutral
Sometimes kale is a tough sell , no pun intended .	kale	neutral
Outstanding appetizer .	appetizer	neutral
I had the salmon and my buddy the steak .	salmon	neutral
What I liked most about this place , other than the food , the music was not blaring or intrusive .	place	neutral
What I liked most about this place , other than the food , the music was not blaring or intrusive .	food	neutral
What I liked most about this place , other than the food , the music was not blaring or intrusive .	music	neutral
Please ask for Zac has your server .	server	neutral
Service otherwise was decent at best that visit .	Service	neutral
Took a while for our server to approach us .	server	neutral
There was a lot of confusion between whoever took our drink order and who our server was , thus delaying it even more .	server	neutral
Maybe having a simple water and chip runner when the table is seated would be a good idea .	water	neutral
The server forgot to put our appetizer in ...	server	neutral
I tried to give her the benefit of the doubt being that I have worked in the industry , but the queso app ( it 's queso , it does n't take that long ) came out after our entrees and when she brought the check she told us that she had n't added the app to the check yet ( I 'm assuming she remembered it , told the kitchen to make it , but never put it on the check ) , took our check back , and added it .	queso app	neutral
The food is good but under - staffing on a popular night is a no - go for me .	food	neutral
Great selection of breakfast items at really affordable prices .	breakfast items	neutral
The wait for a table is n't bad and while crowded the noise levels are n't bad at all .	wait	neutral
The wait for a table is n't bad and while crowded the noise levels are n't bad at all .	noise	neutral
I got the lobster benny ( wow , yum ) and my friend got the avocado omelette which he downed in about 30 seconds so it was definitely good .	lobster benny	neutral
I got the lobster benny ( wow , yum ) and my friend got the avocado omelette which he downed in about 30 seconds so it was definitely good .	avocado omelette	neutral
Breakfast comes with potatoes ( just meh on those ) and fruit .	Breakfast	neutral
If you go with the fruit instead of the potatoes you get a nice fruit cup .	fruit	neutral
If you go with the fruit instead of the potatoes you get a nice fruit cup .	fruit cup	neutral
Drink menu is great .	Drink menu	neutral
I love their fresh mimosa .	mimosa	neutral
The beer on tap was Sleeman 's and my friend liked it .	beer	neutral
but our waiter was so slow that it became frustrating at the end .	waiter	neutral
We had our coats on and were about to ask a random waiter when ours finally stopped and asked if we were done .	waiter	neutral
Food is tremendous though	Food	neutral
but there 's so many choices in the area that service does make a big difference .	service	neutral
This breakfast was incredible .	breakfast	neutral
I love the way they make their omelettes , they do n't just fold and stuff them , they mix the eggs with the ingredients .	omelettes	neutral
And their potatoes were delicious !	potatoes	neutral
My server Suzi was attentive and on point and super sweet .	server	neutral
My server Suzi was attentive and on point and super sweet .	Suzi	neutral
This place is a gem !	place	neutral
Coffee and brioche $ 10 . 00 .	Coffee	neutral
Great flavor , dark roast coffee but not bitter .	coffee	neutral
Different brioche options from exotic fruit to cinnamon .	brioche	neutral
Friendly service .	service	neutral
Has to be my favorite breakfast joint in Vegas .	breakfast	neutral
Very trendy , hip and most importantly delicious food .	food	neutral
Had a few things on the menu and all were very good .	menu	neutral
I ordered the Crispy Haddock and it came with two sides .	Crispy Haddock	neutral
I thoroughly enjoyed the seaweed salad .	seaweed salad	neutral
It was a nice contrast to the haddock .	haddock	neutral
My best way of describing the crispy haddock was think if a glorified fillet o fish .	crispy haddock	neutral
but I would say it falls short for a $ 12 sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
Also good to note that the Crispy haddock was marked as $ 9 on their website menu .	Crispy haddock	neutral
The potatoes wedges were tasty but a bit on the salty side .	potatoes wedges	neutral
My wife ordered the lobster poutine and it had some good sized lobster pieces .	lobster poutine	neutral
Not enough for the amount of wedges	wedges	neutral
A little bit on the salty side if you did n't get any lobster .	lobster	neutral
They were tasty with the sauce , but nothing overly special .	sauce	neutral
The wait staff were very friendly and provided excellent service .	wait staff	neutral
this is going to become a regular place for our family to visit .	place	neutral
Great selection of food on their menu and their from their specials .	food	neutral
Great selection of food on their menu and their from their specials .	menu	neutral
Great selection of food on their menu and their from their specials .	specials	neutral
The food was excellent , and the prices are great ! !	food	neutral
Beef tips on rice with 2 sides and a roll was $ 7 . 95 ! !	Beef tips	neutral
Beef tips on rice with 2 sides and a roll was $ 7 . 95 ! !	sides	neutral
Beef tips on rice with 2 sides and a roll was $ 7 . 95 ! !	roll	neutral
The staff was also very friendly ...	staff	neutral
our server was great and very attentive .	server	neutral
Really a great place to chat with a great friend .	place	neutral
We sat at the juice bar and had gin and juice , which had a little bite that I loved from the ginger and an amazing acai bowl !	gin and juice	neutral
We sat at the juice bar and had gin and juice , which had a little bite that I loved from the ginger and an amazing acai bowl !	acai bowl	neutral
The hotel is n't cheap and tacking on an extra $ 25 per night seemed too much .	hotel	neutral
I received multiple apologies about my wait ( which could n't have been longer than 1 minute ) and seeing that I was with my family offered to drop the parking rate to $ 15/night since I obviously was n't travelling on business .	wait	neutral
The paid internet access ( $ 13 .	internet	neutral
Then , the gentleman gave me his business card and told that if I needed anything , I was to give him a call .	gentleman	neutral
The rooms were clean and comfortable with flat screen telvisions and an iHome radio ( very handy ) and I slept really well in the beds .	rooms	neutral
The rooms were clean and comfortable with flat screen telvisions and an iHome radio ( very handy ) and I slept really well in the beds .	telvisions	neutral
There is a workout room ( approx 20 machines ) and a pool , hot tub and sauna .	pool	neutral
The pool is n't huge and it 's more for frolicking than swimming	pool	neutral
There 's also a lot of nice Western art in the lobby and throughout the hotel .	Western	neutral
Despite the wonderful service there was one detraction that drops this to a 4 star rating .	service	neutral
The food is just ok ....	food	neutral
Look at my picture at that small water cup .	water cup	neutral
nothing makes me mad like spending 20 to 30 bucks on food and then u ask for water	food	neutral
Among the best Indian places in Phoenix metro .	Indian	neutral
Staff is much more attentive during buffet with drink refills and replenishing my dosas compared to other places .	Staff	neutral
Staff is much more attentive during buffet with drink refills and replenishing my dosas compared to other places .	dosas	neutral
Prices are reasonable and parking is generous .	parking	neutral
Only drawback , and a somewhat minor one , is that it 's just not a very nice neighborhood & general area .	neighborhood	neutral
Only drawback , and a somewhat minor one , is that it 's just not a very nice neighborhood & general area .	area	neutral
This is a cute little place on the corner with really cold beer and a laid back atmosphere .	place	neutral
This is a cute little place on the corner with really cold beer and a laid back atmosphere .	beer	neutral
This is a cute little place on the corner with really cold beer and a laid back atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
The menu for the feast is really good and priced the same as everyone else	menu for	neutral
I had the brisket sandwich and it was so dry I could hardly swallow the last half .	brisket sandwich	neutral
My drink went dry and took several requests a refill .	drink	neutral
They have the best thai food in town .	thai food	neutral
Your waiter will not be the one who will take out your order so make sure you are very clear with any special requests .	waiter	neutral
Staff were quick to fix the errors .	Staff	neutral
If you are ever seated near the entrance to the outside seating area , ask to be seated elsewhere .	outside seating area	neutral
It is quite disruptive whenever the waiters and patrons enter and leave , especially when they forget to shut the door .	waiters	neutral
Food quality is what is what you 'll expect from a Denny 's .	Food	neutral
Always love their pancakes ... even the new recipe .	pancakes	neutral
Review is only for the Portuguese tart , which I think is the best in the city .	Portuguese tart	neutral
Custardy with a crispy shell .	shell	neutral
Service was slow and sloppy .	Service	neutral
One you get your food you will not see your waitress again .	waitress	neutral
I have seen no less than 6 people get up and hunt down their waitress so they could pay their bill and leave .	waitress	neutral
Food is so - so at best .	Food	neutral
But what can you expect from an airport place .	place	neutral
So we decided to give this place a try knowing that it has some previous complaints on service ..... well same old story and same old song and dance .	service	neutral
Very poor service , Greasy Fries and a tit - for - tat brouhaha between the server and the cook resulted in a 1 . 5 Hour wait and no food to boot .	service	neutral
Very poor service , Greasy Fries and a tit - for - tat brouhaha between the server and the cook resulted in a 1 . 5 Hour wait and no food to boot .	Fries	neutral
Very poor service , Greasy Fries and a tit - for - tat brouhaha between the server and the cook resulted in a 1 . 5 Hour wait and no food to boot .	server	neutral
Very poor service , Greasy Fries and a tit - for - tat brouhaha between the server and the cook resulted in a 1 . 5 Hour wait and no food to boot .	cook	neutral
Lame service and the cook and server need to go .	service	neutral
Lame service and the cook and server need to go .	cook	neutral
Lame service and the cook and server need to go .	server	neutral
so I 'm posting what I think of this place .	place	neutral
greasy fries and very slow service .	fries	neutral
greasy fries and very slow service .	service	neutral
Excellent ambiance !	ambiance	neutral
Excellent service !	service	neutral
Excellent food - we had tapas style everything - pork skewers , lightly battered garlic sweet and sour fish , shrimp rolls , a ground beef / egg dish , sticky and jasmine rice ( sorry , I do n't know the Thai names ) .	food	neutral
Excellent food - we had tapas style everything - pork skewers , lightly battered garlic sweet and sour fish , shrimp rolls , a ground beef / egg dish , sticky and jasmine rice ( sorry , I do n't know the Thai names ) .	pork skewers	neutral
Excellent food - we had tapas style everything - pork skewers , lightly battered garlic sweet and sour fish , shrimp rolls , a ground beef / egg dish , sticky and jasmine rice ( sorry , I do n't know the Thai names ) .	garlic sweet and sour fish	neutral
Excellent food - we had tapas style everything - pork skewers , lightly battered garlic sweet and sour fish , shrimp rolls , a ground beef / egg dish , sticky and jasmine rice ( sorry , I do n't know the Thai names ) .	shrimp rolls	neutral
Excellent food - we had tapas style everything - pork skewers , lightly battered garlic sweet and sour fish , shrimp rolls , a ground beef / egg dish , sticky and jasmine rice ( sorry , I do n't know the Thai names ) .	ground beef / egg dish	neutral
The new renovation is amazing .	renovation	neutral
They food prices have gone down the drinks are amazing and the place looks great .	food	neutral
They food prices have gone down the drinks are amazing and the place looks great .	drinks	neutral
They food prices have gone down the drinks are amazing and the place looks great .	place	neutral
The outside porch is amazing with great booths outside .	outside porch	neutral
The outside porch is amazing with great booths outside .	booths	neutral
The food was great and nothing to complain about especially the Thai noodles .	food	neutral
The food was great and nothing to complain about especially the Thai noodles .	Thai noodles	neutral
Staff was AWESOME up front .	Staff	neutral
Super personable , friendly cashier .	cashier	neutral
Got two burritos for $ 14 and some change at lunch time- stellar deal .	burritos	neutral
Miso soup was a little salty but	Miso soup	neutral
This is a dying Chinese place .	Chinese place	neutral
I ca n't say it 's a thai place , because the thai food really stinks .	thai food	neutral
the Chinese is better but not even that good .	Chinese	neutral
The service is ok .	service	neutral
I 'll let non - asians eat here and let them keep this place running .	place	neutral
Pros ... nice restaurant , front end lady was extremely helpful .	restaurant	neutral
Pros ... nice restaurant , front end lady was extremely helpful .	front end lady	neutral
Cons ... very pricey for what you get ( portions ) and the BBQ was n't spectacular ... but will probably go back for a lunch special ...	portions	neutral
Cons ... very pricey for what you get ( portions ) and the BBQ was n't spectacular ... but will probably go back for a lunch special ...	BBQ	neutral
It 's good hipster pizza , even if the toppings do n't always stay on .	pizza	neutral
It 's good hipster pizza , even if the toppings do n't always stay on .	toppings	neutral
The music is always too loud , which when it 's busy , makes it almost impossible to have a conversation , if you 're in to that kinda thing .	music	neutral
I 'm personally a huge fan of the buratta and the Manifesto pizza .	buratta	neutral
I 'm personally a huge fan of the buratta and the Manifesto pizza .	Manifesto pizza	neutral
Dip your crust in their ranch if you 're in to that thing .	ranch	neutral
:) They also have a great special on Monday and Tuesday nights , and a happy little happy hour .	happy hour	neutral
Good food , good beer , a Pittsburgh original .	food	neutral
Good food , good beer , a Pittsburgh original .	beer	neutral
lady at the pharmacy was snarky , Unfriendly and aloof and arrogant .	lady	neutral
Defalco ' s the best in Scottsdale .	Defalco	neutral
Great sandwiches .	sandwiches	neutral
Reasonable price 's but most of all geat food .	food	neutral
Love this place . ! ! ! ! ! !	place	neutral
I keep having issues with this location .	location	neutral
Thanks Jamba	Jamba	neutral
There are not enough stars to truly show how great this place is ! ! !	place	neutral
The food is absolutely superb ! ! !	food	neutral
The service is amazing and the price is unbeatable ! !	service	neutral
I loved the concept of the restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Sometimes you 're just not in the mood for waiters / waitresses .	waiters	neutral
Sometimes you 're just not in the mood for waiters / waitresses .	waitresses	neutral
Service was prompt and efficient .	Service	neutral
This resto loses stars with regards to the food .	resto	neutral
This resto loses stars with regards to the food .	food	neutral
Broth was missing depth and most disappointing of all , the cha - su .	Broth	neutral
Broth was missing depth and most disappointing of all , the cha - su .	cha - su	neutral
Hubby had a spicy ramen with ground pork which he enjoyed .	spicy ramen with ground pork	neutral
The interior is just too unique !	interior	neutral
I love El Taco Fresco .	El Taco Fresco	neutral
I love that it 's attached to a great bar , I love that it 's some of the best Mexican food I 've ever had ( and yes , I 've been to Mexico ) , and I love that it 's super cheap and always open .	Mexican food	neutral
The food is excellent ; we usually go for tacos .	food	neutral
The food is excellent ; we usually go for tacos .	tacos	neutral
The chicken taco is great because the tortilla is fried .	chicken taco	neutral
The chicken taco is great because the tortilla is fried .	tortilla	neutral
The carne asada is a no - brainer .	carne asada	neutral
My favorite , carnitas , has to be done right .	carnitas	neutral
This place does it right !	place	neutral
I 'm pretty sure the meat is boiled , then shredded , then deep fried or maybe fried on a flat top in lots of oil .	meat	neutral
You have to try the rolled tacos .	rolled tacos	neutral
I do n't eat the American food they offer because I love the Mexican stuff so much , but I did have a friend say that their burger was great , and I tried a french fry-	burger	neutral
I do n't eat the American food they offer because I love the Mexican stuff so much , but I did have a friend say that their burger was great , and I tried a french fry-	french	neutral
They do deliver , but I 've never actually taken them up on that , because it 's such a fun place to go to eat and drink .	place	neutral
If you need dinner and some drinks in a casual setting , check out Taco Fresco and Money Plays .	Taco Fresco	neutral
The restaurant is neatly decorated to resemble the village of northern Iran and in that it is successful .	restaurant	neutral
The food is the typical food served in most Persian restaurants .	food	neutral
And I would recommend the eggplant dish for appetizer and either of the ground beef or chicken kabobs as the main .	eggplant dish	neutral
And I would recommend the eggplant dish for appetizer and either of the ground beef or chicken kabobs as the main .	ground beef	neutral
And I would recommend the eggplant dish for appetizer and either of the ground beef or chicken kabobs as the main .	chicken kabobs	neutral
I have been to Shomal on numerous occasion and the Kabobs are consistently delicious and very moist .	Kabobs	neutral
Shomal is also consistent in having mediocre service .	service	neutral
Bottom line , if you 're into food and willing to overlook the not so great service , then you 'll love this place .	service	neutral
Bottom line , if you 're into food and willing to overlook the not so great service , then you 'll love this place .	place	neutral
First off open on holidays and not only great customer service , their kitchen is outstanding and great deals on the menu .	customer service	neutral
First off open on holidays and not only great customer service , their kitchen is outstanding and great deals on the menu .	kitchen	neutral
First off open on holidays and not only great customer service , their kitchen is outstanding and great deals on the menu .	menu	neutral
Gyro meat super juicy and fresh .	Gyro meat	neutral
The specialty sausage beyond our expectations---- so delicious and perfectly spiced .	specialty sausage	neutral
Thank you to everyone making this place an escape to a mediterrane retreat .	place	neutral
Just dropped by to enjoy a dinner with my family - for which we had great discussions in the nice environment .	environment	neutral
However , the food for their price is not that special .	food	neutral
I could have gotten better ramen elsewhere .	ramen	neutral
However the portions were just right .	portions	neutral
We started with the Witch Doctor Sampler which we inhaled ....	Witch Doctor Sampler	neutral
my favorite was the zucchini beignets .	zucchini beignets	neutral
We had the sea bass , braised veal , pork chop , and the bone - in ribeye .	sea bass	neutral
We had the sea bass , braised veal , pork chop , and the bone - in ribeye .	braised veal	neutral
We had the sea bass , braised veal , pork chop , and the bone - in ribeye .	pork chop	neutral
We had the sea bass , braised veal , pork chop , and the bone - in ribeye .	bone - in ribeye	neutral
We had the dessert trio and a chocolate mousse cake for dessert .	dessert	neutral
The pot pie was the best I 've ever had .	pot pie	neutral
The honey bun cake was also pretty good .	honey bun cake	neutral
Nice atmosphere as well .	atmosphere	neutral
this is the place that you might wanna visit everything is fresh made it and a delicious snacksHe 's nice place to get away from stressed and chill : ) )	place	neutral
this is the place that you might wanna visit everything is fresh made it and a delicious snacksHe 's nice place to get away from stressed and chill : ) )	place	neutral
We love Zada Jane 's !	Zada Jane 's	neutral
The breakfast salad was so fresh and the booker t. hash was just amazing .	breakfast salad	neutral
The breakfast salad was so fresh and the booker t. hash was just amazing .	booker t. hash	neutral
Their bunny rancheros are really something to look forward to .	bunny rancheros	neutral
Every dish is made to order and is made with love .	dish	neutral
The ice cream flavors were unique and equally delicious .	ice cream flavors	neutral
I got the cookie monster flavor and it was like a dream come true !	cookie monster flavor	neutral
The paintings on the wall were so cool and fun , the little kids really enjoyed them too !	paintings	neutral
This is not your average pub grub .	pub grub	neutral
I got the prime rib sandwich and a glass of the house cab .	prime rib sandwich	neutral
Service was great and atmosphere was inviting .	Service	neutral
Service was great and atmosphere was inviting .	atmosphere	neutral
The bartender / server was Casey .	bartender	neutral
The bartender / server was Casey .	server	neutral
I 've never been much fan of tacos but this place made me love tacos !	tacos	neutral
I tried their pasteur and loved it .	pasteur	neutral
The meats in it are super tender and well marinated .	meats	neutral
Combined with their choices of spicey sauce and it simply makes it more tasty .	spicey sauce	neutral
I 'd recommand using the least spicy sauce because althought the most spicy sauce is great	sauce	neutral
but it kind of overshadows the taste of tacos .	tacos	neutral
Out of curiousity , I tried the Chaparritas drink , and really loved the soft taste of it .	Chaparritas drink	neutral
100 % coming back ... with wacks of cash in hand to try all their tacos	tacos	neutral
Who does n't love these iconic donuts !	donuts	neutral
Always warm and delicious these doughnuts are heaven .	doughnuts	neutral
The location is decorated the way any other location is but the upkeep from the stuff to keep the place clean was lacking .	location	neutral
The location is decorated the way any other location is but the upkeep from the stuff to keep the place clean was lacking .	place	neutral
The staff was friendly and kept things running smoothly .	staff	neutral
My biggest complaint would be for the dozen coffees we got they were undrinkable	coffees	neutral
Stick to the donuts here and try not to eat a whole box !	donuts	neutral
This place is awesome ! ! !	place	neutral
I used to enjoy Jean Philippe more when it was located in Bellagio .	Jean	neutral
The desserts ( i 've tried everything ! ) were so well - balanced and well - made .	desserts	neutral
I was really excited when it first opened in Aria and the dessert were also consistent .	dessert	neutral
I visit Vegas about 2 - 3 times per year and this bakery is always on my go - to list .	bakery	neutral
The red velvet cupcake is beautiful and is really good .	red velvet cupcake	neutral
However , the chocolate decadence dome shape dessert that I usually order is no longer the same .	chocolate decadence dome	neutral
However , the chocolate decadence dome shape dessert that I usually order is no longer the same .	dessert	neutral
The chocolate was nt as smooth and the overly sweet .	chocolate	neutral
The line may seem long , but it moves fast .	line	neutral
There is also fancy disposable silverware at the end of the counter .	silverware	neutral
I had the grilled octopus to start and it was amazing .	grilled octopus	neutral
I then move to the signature Osso Bucco dish .	Osso Bucco dish	neutral
and I have not found any tastier then at Ferraros !	Ferraros	neutral
Nina the bartender is very knowledgable about the food and very easy in the eyes as well .	Nina	neutral
The food at this place is phenomenal .	food	neutral
The food at this place is phenomenal .	place	neutral
I had a pork belly omelette , the wife had chicken and waffles .	pork belly	neutral
Their flavours are unique and on point .	flavours	neutral
I looked over at other tables , going to have to go back for eggs benedict as well .	eggs	neutral
The place is a bit small , hope they get a bigger location , the number of customers they get on a weekday during the daytime tells me they are quite popular and would have bo trouble filling the space .	place	neutral
The place is a bit small , hope they get a bigger location , the number of customers they get on a weekday during the daytime tells me they are quite popular and would have bo trouble filling the space .	location	neutral
The service has always been ok at best .	service	neutral
I tried everything on the menu that had a must try next to it .	menu	neutral
From the poki to the cod to the green tea and Thai crepes amazing !	poki	neutral
From the poki to the cod to the green tea and Thai crepes amazing !	cod	neutral
From the poki to the cod to the green tea and Thai crepes amazing !	green tea and Thai crepes	neutral
Friendly service and cozy ambiance .	service	neutral
Friendly service and cozy ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
I do n't usually give 5 stars but this place is off the charts , not only is it all you can eat meat , just the experience of men walking around with swords of meat ready to serve you felt pretty awesome .	place	neutral
I do n't usually give 5 stars but this place is off the charts , not only is it all you can eat meat , just the experience of men walking around with swords of meat ready to serve you felt pretty awesome .	all you can eat	neutral
The taste of every meat that you try is super delish and give you fried banana so you can clean your pallet so you can taste all the different flavors of every meat .	meat	neutral
The taste of every meat that you try is super delish and give you fried banana so you can clean your pallet so you can taste all the different flavors of every meat .	meat	neutral
Two thumbs up for this place	place	neutral
I had the special seared scallops in a leak cream sauce , melt in your mouth goodness .	seared scallops in a leak cream sauce	neutral
My husband had a more classic dish and it was just as good as mine .	dish	neutral
We got the bruschetta to start and it was flavorful and the bread was nice and crunch .	bruschetta	neutral
We got the bruschetta to start and it was flavorful and the bread was nice and crunch .	bread	neutral
The patio was a very nice surprise , you do n't feel like you are in a strip mall .	patio	neutral
They have a decent wine selection and next time I am hoping to save room for desert .	wine selection	neutral
Service is always eh at this location .	Service	neutral
Burgers are subpar at best tasting mostly like filler .	Burgers	neutral
The poutine was okay ... at last they use real curd .	poutine	neutral
The service was lackluster with them needing to ask 4 times for someone to make a coffee .	service	neutral
I am glad I made the trip to this very exquisite establishment .	establishment	neutral
Now I see why Fleming 's is held on such a high pedestal for so many .	Fleming 's	neutral
The place is amazing for the simple fact that you feel important and worthy while you 're within their walls .	place	neutral
I can not wait to come visit this fine dinning place again !	dinning place	neutral
Since the new management took over this place has been cleaner and more efficient .	place	neutral
It 's pretty much like any other Wendy 's around but the service here is way better than most	service	neutral
Place is clean , service is good and the coffee is hot .	Place	neutral
Place is clean , service is good and the coffee is hot .	service	neutral
Place is clean , service is good and the coffee is hot .	coffee	neutral
They have a couple of low fat breakfast sandwich choices .	breakfast sandwich	neutral
These are ok ... with enough Sriracha hot sauce anything is good .	Sriracha hot sauce	neutral
The pay card	pay card	neutral
App gets you instore refills .	App	neutral
The drive through is always full but they keep things moving .	drive	neutral
Best Thai food I 've had .	Thai food	neutral
Veggie egg rolls & war won ton soup and service was good .	Veggie egg rolls	neutral
Veggie egg rolls & war won ton soup and service was good .	war won ton soup	neutral
Veggie egg rolls & war won ton soup and service was good .	service	neutral
Super Fresh , Good Service .	Service	neutral
The owners and staff are very nice	owners	neutral
The owners and staff are very nice	staff	neutral
the Pho is n't bad , a lot of noodles not much broth .	Pho	neutral
The soda is by the can , not so good and the spring rolls are mediocre .	soda	neutral
The soda is by the can , not so good and the spring rolls are mediocre .	spring rolls	neutral
And please lower the 80s rock music .	80s	neutral
I work near here , and if I do n't bring a lunch , my food options are limited to burgers , fast food burgers , pub burgers ...	burgers	neutral
I work near here , and if I do n't bring a lunch , my food options are limited to burgers , fast food burgers , pub burgers ...	fast	neutral
I work near here , and if I do n't bring a lunch , my food options are limited to burgers , fast food burgers , pub burgers ...	pub burgers	neutral
Inside , the d辿cor is very nice for a quick - eat place like this .	d辿cor	neutral
You can tell a lot of time and pride was put into this place .	place	neutral
Nice booths , tables , and the d辿cor on the walls is unique and interesting .	booths	neutral
Nice booths , tables , and the d辿cor on the walls is unique and interesting .	tables	neutral
Nice booths , tables , and the d辿cor on the walls is unique and interesting .	d辿cor	neutral
Nice booths , tables , and the d辿cor on the walls is unique and interesting .	walls	neutral
To be broken when they 'd only been open a week was strange , but we had bellies full of yummy food , so it was n't even a big deal ( although I 'd suggest fixing this before someone who is a little more grumpy and anal about these things gets you in trouble for it ! ) .	food	neutral
It 's so nice to have a plethora of vegetarian and vegan options .	vegetarian	neutral
It 's so nice to have a plethora of vegetarian and vegan options .	vegan	neutral
So far , I 've had the Falafel Plate , the Spinach Pie Platter , and the Greek Salad with Falafel .	Falafel Plate	neutral
So far , I 've had the Falafel Plate , the Spinach Pie Platter , and the Greek Salad with Falafel .	Spinach Pie Platter	neutral
So far , I 've had the Falafel Plate , the Spinach Pie Platter , and the Greek Salad with Falafel .	Greek Salad with Falafel	neutral
All were super fresh ( the spinach pie was literally coming out of the oven ) , perfect sized portions .	spinach pie	neutral
All were super fresh ( the spinach pie was literally coming out of the oven ) , perfect sized portions .	portions	neutral
You have a very large selection of fresh and colorful veggies to add to your food , Brown Rice Pilaf or CousCous for your grain , and let 's just have a moment of silence in appreciation of their perfectly browned and warmed pita bread ... mmmmmm .	veggies	neutral
You have a very large selection of fresh and colorful veggies to add to your food , Brown Rice Pilaf or CousCous for your grain , and let 's just have a moment of silence in appreciation of their perfectly browned and warmed pita bread ... mmmmmm .	pita bread	neutral
The Pastrami sandwhich with cheese is great , the 502 fries are good and it 's a huge portion !	Pastrami sandwhich with cheese	neutral
The Pastrami sandwhich with cheese is great , the 502 fries are good and it 's a huge portion !	502 fries	neutral
My son had the mini corn dogs and said they were good but the wings were really good !	mini corn dogs	neutral
My son had the mini corn dogs and said they were good but the wings were really good !	wings	neutral
This place never disappoints .	place	neutral
Jumped in for 15 minutes to have 2 orders of Uni with quail egg .	Uni	neutral
I asked the sushi chef , Paul , if the Uni was fresh .	Uni	neutral
And the Uni that he prepares was fantastic .	Uni	neutral
Thank you Paul .	Paul	neutral
I had the rib tip dinner , fried okra and fried green tomatoes .	rib tip dinner	neutral
The rib tips were on the dry side , however still pretty good , the okra was good , but the star of the show was the fried green tomatoes .	rib tips	neutral
The rib tips were on the dry side , however still pretty good , the okra was good , but the star of the show was the fried green tomatoes .	okra	neutral
The rib tips were on the dry side , however still pretty good , the okra was good , but the star of the show was the fried green tomatoes .	fried green tomatoes	neutral
Definitely a place u wanna visit when ur in the mood for soul food , but do n't want to venture into an iffy neighborhood .	place	neutral
Definitely a place u wanna visit when ur in the mood for soul food , but do n't want to venture into an iffy neighborhood .	neighborhood	neutral
Definitely a fun little place in Chandler .	place	neutral
You 'd think a wine bar would be quiet and quaint	wine bar	neutral
There 's plenty of seating and the service was decent .	service	neutral
They also have little outside areas with heaters , which are cool but	outside areas	neutral
They also have little outside areas with heaters , which are cool but	heaters	neutral
I ordered the spicy red flute which came with 3 half glasses of Malbec , Syrah , and a Red Zinfandel for $ 13 .	spicy red flute	neutral
The price was n't bad but the wine was about B-/C+ .	wine	neutral
I have definitely had better but 3 glasses for $ 13 is n't bad .	glasses	neutral
The red sangria is awful and I would n't order that again .	red sangria	neutral
I LOVE The Grand Lux Cafe .	Grand Lux Cafe	neutral
Our waiter was friendly .	waiter	neutral
He did n't seem to have very much personalities , he seemed like one those waiters who wanted to keep the dignity of the place .	waiters	neutral
The decor is as if its such a fancy place , and he acted as if he knew he worked for a GRAND establishment	decor	neutral
The decor is as if its such a fancy place , and he acted as if he knew he worked for a GRAND establishment	place	neutral
I 'll be back Grand Lux , I love you !	Grand	neutral
( btw we ordered the same thing we always do - the breakfast sandwich )	breakfast sandwich	neutral
4 words : everything on the menu .	menu	neutral
Tap room terderloin .	terderloin	neutral
The fucking jalapeO ( sp ? )	jalapeO	neutral
popper burger .	burger	neutral
Beer is great ...	Beer	neutral
i think poutin is available ... which was glorious .	poutin	neutral
Despite the excellent service the food was underwhelming which is especially unfortunate considering the huge portion sizes .	service	neutral
Despite the excellent service the food was underwhelming which is especially unfortunate considering the huge portion sizes .	food	neutral
Despite the excellent service the food was underwhelming which is especially unfortunate considering the huge portion sizes .	portion sizes	neutral
I start with the German dumpling soup which was quite bland and texturally unpleasant .	German dumpling soup	neutral
I ordered the chefs special pork tenderloin stuffed with spinach pine nuts and Parmesan cheese .	pork tenderloin	neutral
unfortunately the pork tenderloin ( at least the one on my plate ) never met a pine nut .	pork tenderloin	neutral
The Parmesan was all on top of the meat	Parmesan	neutral
The pork itself was overcooked .	pork	neutral
The bone - in ribeye was cooked perfectly and totally delicious .	bone - in ribeye	neutral
The bar has the best whiskey selection I 've seen .	bar	neutral
The bar has the best whiskey selection I 've seen .	whiskey selection	neutral
Service was prompt , and we had an amazing time .	Service	neutral
Awesome meal , exactly as it should be .	meal	neutral
Burger Fi is my favorite burger and burger venue .	Burger Fi	neutral
Burger Fi is my favorite burger and burger venue .	burger	neutral
Burger Fi is my favorite burger and burger venue .	burger	neutral
Healthy and nutritious good quality food .	food	neutral
Fries are incredible and the staff first class .	Fries	neutral
Fries are incredible and the staff first class .	staff	neutral
I had the grilled yellow fin tuna steak at Tom Jones and it was killer .	grilled yellow fin tuna steak	neutral
Great place to hang out with Bay St buddies .	place	neutral
I like the vibe , it is different .	vibe	neutral
Nice atmosphere with some Christmas music playing in the background .	atmosphere	neutral
The service was good .	service	neutral
The beer was cold and they serve the large beers .	beer	neutral
The appetizers were ok .	appetizers	neutral
Did not care for the fried vegetables , to much batter on them .	fried vegetables	neutral
The sushi was off the hook .	sushi	neutral
The style and presentation of the sushi was pretty unique for each selection of sushi .	presentation	neutral
The style and presentation of the sushi was pretty unique for each selection of sushi .	sushi	neutral
The style and presentation of the sushi was pretty unique for each selection of sushi .	sushi	neutral
Very much enjoyed my breakfast !	breakfast	neutral
Over all service was n't stellar , but the food was great	service	neutral
Over all service was n't stellar , but the food was great	food	neutral
My brother did enjoy his strawberry lemonade tremendously , if I am correct it is house made lemonade and homemade strawberry preserves added .	strawberry lemonade	neutral
just runny enough with no snot on the whites ) , hash - browns and bacon .	hash	neutral
just runny enough with no snot on the whites ) , hash - browns and bacon .	bacon	neutral
The bacon is awesome !	bacon	neutral
A few others got their special that day , eggs and churrizo and a tortilla , wow so good !	eggs	neutral
A few others got their special that day , eggs and churrizo and a tortilla , wow so good !	tortilla	neutral
Matt 's is pretty darn good !	Matt 's	neutral
Such a fabulous food truck find !	food	neutral
Super amazing cheesy goodness !	cheesy	neutral
We tried the pizza sandwich , the jam on it & the best ...	pizza sandwich	neutral
the EGGROLLS WITH LOTS OF KIMCHI SAUCE !	EGGROLLS	neutral
the EGGROLLS WITH LOTS OF KIMCHI SAUCE !	KIMCHI SAUCE	neutral
Nevertheless , once we got our table our waiter ( William ) acknowledged us and told us he will be with us in a moment being the fact he was waiting on another table .	waiter	neutral
He offered his suggestions to us and I went with once of his suggestions which was the pancakes with the chicken and my guy ordered an omelet .	chicken	neutral
While we waited he talked us into getting a drink which I got a margarita which was so good and my guy order the 9 oz mimosa and was able to substitute the orange juice for the pineapple juice which I thought was very helpful .	margarita	neutral
While we waited he talked us into getting a drink which I got a margarita which was so good and my guy order the 9 oz mimosa and was able to substitute the orange juice for the pineapple juice which I thought was very helpful .	mimosa	neutral
With all that being said , the food and the drinks were so good ! ! !	food	neutral
With all that being said , the food and the drinks were so good ! ! !	drinks	neutral
Everything was A1 from the customer service to the food .	customer service	neutral
Everything was A1 from the customer service to the food .	food	neutral
Well , you have to give this restaurant a try .	restaurant	neutral
I believe it is absolutely the best sushi place in town .	sushi	neutral
I believe it is absolutely the best sushi place in town .	place	neutral
The Sea Urchin was incredible ( tasted like oysters ) .	Sea Urchin	neutral
The service was fast and friendly , everyone who works here is upbeat .	service	neutral
We are so lucky to have such an outstanding sushi restaurant in our neighborhood .	sushi restaurant	neutral
Thank you Jay !	Jay	neutral
Such a good meal !	meal	neutral
Abuelo 's really has hospitality down to a science .	Abuelo 's	neutral
Try all of their salsas they are soooo good !	salsas	neutral
Also , I was impressed with their vegetarian menu and all the options they have available to us .	vegetarian menu	neutral
The chips and salsa are great , margaritas are always exactly what you want .	chips	neutral
The chips and salsa are great , margaritas are always exactly what you want .	salsa	neutral
The chips and salsa are great , margaritas are always exactly what you want .	margaritas	neutral
Absolutely the best meal I 've ever had !	meal	neutral
Our waiter James was wonderful and made our visit delightful !	waiter	neutral
Our waiter James was wonderful and made our visit delightful !	James	neutral
They brought us the best desert in town !	desert	neutral
You MUST try the sticky toffee pudding !	sticky toffee pudding	neutral
I had the most confusing experience @ Noren .	Noren	neutral
I had the Fish & Chips .	Fish & Chips	neutral
I was surprised how well the Cod was prepared .	Cod	neutral
I would n't have reviewed this place had it not been for the Cod .	Cod	neutral
The texture of the fish was maintained well .	fish	neutral
My wife had the Cheddar Mushroom Burger and she thought it was hearty and delicious as well .	Cheddar Mushroom Burger	neutral
The Henry is the perfect place during the hours of the late night / early morning when no one wants you and The Henry looks at you in the face and says , COME IN .	The	neutral
The Henry is the perfect place during the hours of the late night / early morning when no one wants you and The Henry looks at you in the face and says , COME IN .	Henry	neutral
The Henry is the perfect place during the hours of the late night / early morning when no one wants you and The Henry looks at you in the face and says , COME IN .	Henry	neutral
Gordon Ramsay Fish and Chips is located in the Linq .	Fish and Chips	neutral
The menu is limited , but understandably so .	menu	neutral
I actually prefer the shrimp to the fish .	shrimp	neutral
I actually prefer the shrimp to the fish .	fish	neutral
The restaurant also happens to be located in a fun part of the city entertainment district .	restaurant	neutral
This is far from the best Gordon Ramsay restaurant in the city , but is not a bad location for a quick bite .	Gordon	neutral
Great food , great vibe .	food	neutral
Great food , great vibe .	vibe	neutral
Had cheese pizza , risotto with spinach , chilis , and sweet potato , and amazing sangria .	cheese pizza	neutral
Had cheese pizza , risotto with spinach , chilis , and sweet potato , and amazing sangria .	risotto with	neutral
Had cheese pizza , risotto with spinach , chilis , and sweet potato , and amazing sangria .	sangria	neutral
We went during the day , and the vibe was very laid back and comfortable for all ( my husband	vibe	neutral
Maybe it was the san which that i ordered , it just was not good at all .	san which	neutral
I ordered their pitt sandwich and i was disappointed .	pitt sandwich	neutral
The patty used was dry and almost meatloaf in tasted and flavor .	patty	neutral
I kept using different sauces they had to make it taste better	sauces	neutral
I appreciate the service and the huge selection of beers though .	service	neutral
I appreciate the service and the huge selection of beers though .	beers	neutral
I 'm back logged on my reviews but this one got put to the front of the line because I have to say it was a major disappointment experiencing this place ..	place	neutral
The reason they get two stars instead of zero and a escalation is when I called to ask wait times and when we were seated both the female who answered and the gentleman who seated us both who sadly I did n't get their names were friendly and informed ...	gentleman	neutral
Food quality and booze was good even if my experience was not ..	Food	neutral
Food quality and booze was good even if my experience was not ..	booze	neutral
I tried them out originally at a yelp event and fell hard for their Mexican corn offthe cob	Mexican corn	neutral
Fast fwd to my evening nacho daddy experience	nacho	neutral
Shawn our waiter set the tone for my Saturday night meal to where this place is going to be tabled for quite sometime before I try Them again ..	waiter	neutral
refills often lol my server failed from the jump with that ..	server	neutral
I had asked some questions about the premium margaritas ..	margaritas	neutral
He did n't really say much but the jalape単o is too spicy for him	jalape単o	neutral
and my guy got a raspberry one both of which were tasty imo for the 11/12 $ price tag but the service went all bad when Shawn left to get those without asking if I need water but also having to be prompted to get some ..	raspberry	neutral
and my guy got a raspberry one both of which were tasty imo for the 11/12 $ price tag but the service went all bad when Shawn left to get those without asking if I need water but also having to be prompted to get some ..	service	neutral
I 'm sorry he can love his co workers but service should prevail especially when I need water ..	service	neutral
and you 'll get a free house margarita ..	house margarita	neutral
Be advised I only got that free margarita to make sure he knew I was checked in but also	margarita	neutral
Those beans are where Shawn and I went to the point of no return cause I was going to try another premium margarita and let my guy get his dessert	margarita	neutral
and I waiting so long for Shawn to check back that the excessive beans on our nachos that had no meat were spread out on the dish and Shawn	beans	neutral
and I waiting so long for Shawn to check back that the excessive beans on our nachos that had no meat were spread out on the dish and Shawn	nachos	neutral
My boyfriend really wanted to try the churro banana split	churro banana split	neutral
I love good BBQ , but this place really does n't do it for me .	BBQ	neutral
Their ribs are ok and so is their chicken , but I think their brisket is no good at all .	ribs	neutral
Their ribs are ok and so is their chicken , but I think their brisket is no good at all .	chicken	neutral
Their ribs are ok and so is their chicken , but I think their brisket is no good at all .	brisket	neutral
I really really like their grits ( probably because I 've never really eaten them before ) .	grits	neutral
Lucille 's portions are larger than the other places but so are the prices .	portions	neutral
The service is always very friendly at Lucielle 's but also very slow even when they are not too busy .	service	neutral
The service is always very friendly at Lucielle 's but also very slow even when they are not too busy .	Lucielle	neutral
I love the feeling of bar bianco .	bar bianco	neutral
They have some pretty good starters here as well .	starters	neutral
Last time I went I shared the olive bowl ( green and black olives with herbs ) , candied pecans , and cheese tray .	olive bowl	neutral
Last time I went I shared the olive bowl ( green and black olives with herbs ) , candied pecans , and cheese tray .	candied pecans	neutral
The service is great here , and I always look forward to going to pizzeria bianco , because we usually make a stop here at the bar first !	service	neutral
The crab cake dinner was exceptional !	crab cake dinner	neutral
Have enjoyed grilled Mahi tacos , also delish !	grilled Mahi tacos	neutral
I did nt care for Britney 's customer service .	Britney	neutral
I did nt care for Britney 's customer service .	customer service	neutral
This is an OK bar at the Lakes to have a few drinks .	bar	neutral
But only if the Mexican bar is too crowded .	Mexican bar	neutral
The bartender we had over Labor Day weekend was depressed and a total downer .	bartender	neutral
It was actually insulting to pay casino prices here in this little pub where there were maybe 15 people and the bartender treats you like	pub	neutral
It was actually insulting to pay casino prices here in this little pub where there were maybe 15 people and the bartender treats you like	bartender	neutral
Here you will pay $ $ $ $ for your booze .	booze	neutral
$ 15 shot of Jameson .	Jameson	neutral
Thank goodness there was a decent singer for some touch of personality .	singer	neutral
Let 's just say , if Jamburritos had a creepy song that played loudly from their truck and cruised around residential areas on the regular , I 'd be running barefoot down the street with my mom 's change purse in hand .	Jamburritos	neutral
Well , I could n't even hear you over the pleasant crunching of my Jamburritos hushpuppies anyway .	Jamburritos	neutral
Well , I could n't even hear you over the pleasant crunching of my Jamburritos hushpuppies anyway .	hushpuppies	neutral
Great concept for a pizza place , very much like a chipotle or cafe rio .	pizza place	neutral
Walk up and order your crust type ( gluten free option is available ! ) , sauces or olive oil , different cheeses , and a large selection of fresh veggie choices .	crust	neutral
Walk up and order your crust type ( gluten free option is available ! ) , sauces or olive oil , different cheeses , and a large selection of fresh veggie choices .	sauces	neutral
Walk up and order your crust type ( gluten free option is available ! ) , sauces or olive oil , different cheeses , and a large selection of fresh veggie choices .	olive	neutral
Walk up and order your crust type ( gluten free option is available ! ) , sauces or olive oil , different cheeses , and a large selection of fresh veggie choices .	cheeses	neutral
Walk up and order your crust type ( gluten free option is available ! ) , sauces or olive oil , different cheeses , and a large selection of fresh veggie choices .	veggie	neutral
I love the fennel and sausage pizza on gluten free crust , but also enjoy the Rev'd up and the classic !	fennel and sausage pizza	neutral
The servers are very patient and kind when it comes to allergies .	servers	neutral
Pizza Rev is definitely one of my favorite " quick food " options !	Pizza Rev	neutral
The service at most places in Vegas is really good , this place not being an exception .	service	neutral
The steaks were properly cooked , and flavorful .	steaks	neutral
A steakhouse is a steakhouse in the eyes of this restaurant .	steakhouse	neutral
They have a great outdoor patio and view of the waterfall .	outdoor patio	neutral
They have a great outdoor patio and view of the waterfall .	view of	neutral
This place is just another pricey steakhouse -	place	neutral
This place is just another pricey steakhouse -	steakhouse	neutral
Between atmosphere and the meat they serve , they 're all becoming rather indistinguishable .	atmosphere	neutral
Between atmosphere and the meat they serve , they 're all becoming rather indistinguishable .	meat	neutral
Great coffees .	coffees	neutral
Excellent pastries .	pastries	neutral
Fresh made doughnuts .	doughnuts	neutral
They have a large seating area as well as a drive through .	seating	neutral
They have a large seating area as well as a drive through .	drive	neutral
We just life this place .	place	neutral
The portions are huge , the food was very good .	portions	neutral
The portions are huge , the food was very good .	food	neutral
The pancakes were fresh and very thick .	pancakes	neutral
Service was good .	Service	neutral
I recommend this place	place	neutral
Do : enjoy the the fresh , cleanness and the new wood smell of this place .	wood smell	neutral
Do : enjoy the the fresh , cleanness and the new wood smell of this place .	place	neutral
Do not : get the Mac N Cheese .	Mac N Cheese	neutral
Do : get the beer battered fried pickles they are some of the best I 've ever had .	beer battered	neutral
Do : get the beer battered fried pickles they are some of the best I 've ever had .	fried pickles	neutral
This was my 2nd time coming to Hash Kitchen , And once again I was not disappointed .	Hash Kitchen	neutral
My only complaint is their wait system .	wait system	neutral
When the wait is over an hour long , you wish that you could go somewhere else in the meantime .	wait	neutral
Mimosa flight , amazing .	Mimosa flight	neutral
I loved the peach and raspberry mimosas .	peach and raspberry mimosas	neutral
Breakfast / brunch are my favorite meals	Breakfast	neutral
Breakfast / brunch are my favorite meals	brunch	neutral
We loved both the banana and Nutella bruschetta and the strawberry and Brie .	banana and Nutella bruschetta	neutral
We loved both the banana and Nutella bruschetta and the strawberry and Brie .	strawberry and Brie	neutral
For my entree , I ordered the hash chicken Benedict .	hash	neutral
The fried leeks are amazing and go so well with the fried chicken .	fried leeks	neutral
The fried leeks are amazing and go so well with the fried chicken .	fried chicken	neutral
Sometimes I have to stop myself from eating just the crispy leeks first because they 're just that good .	crispy leeks	neutral
I have no idea what they bread their chicken with , but it 's the perfect mix of savory and just blends so well with the leeks and biscuits .	biscuits	neutral
The food and mimosa / bloody bar are 100 % worth the wait .	food	neutral
The food and mimosa / bloody bar are 100 % worth the wait .	mimosa /	neutral
The food and mimosa / bloody bar are 100 % worth the wait .	bloody bar	neutral
This restaraunt is convienently located right next door to Planned Parenthood .	restaraunt	neutral
Not that it means anything , but it 's a really good place to stuff your fat face with chile rellanos and margaritas when your tests did n't come back the way you wanted .	chile	neutral
Not that it means anything , but it 's a really good place to stuff your fat face with chile rellanos and margaritas when your tests did n't come back the way you wanted .	margaritas	neutral
Best pizza !	pizza	neutral
The kids love it because they get their own dough and make pretend pizzas .	pizzas	neutral
They have a great patio when the weather permits .	patio	neutral
Love the smashed Irishman drink .	smashed Irishman drink	neutral
Food was amazing .	Food	neutral
Staff was friendly and helpful .	Staff	neutral
Lots of variety to choose from , the cielo mar y tierra was amazing .	cielo mar y tierra	neutral
Subarashi was very flavorful as well .	Subarashi	neutral
The fresas con cremas was delicious .	fresas con cremas	neutral
Definitely recommend this place .	place	neutral
Take a trip to the Carribean and enjoy coconut shrimp with a Bahama Mama drink ; clean atmosphere , friendly staff , relax with Reggae sounds and marimba music .	Bahama Mama drink	neutral
Take a trip to the Carribean and enjoy coconut shrimp with a Bahama Mama drink ; clean atmosphere , friendly staff , relax with Reggae sounds and marimba music .	atmosphere	neutral
Take a trip to the Carribean and enjoy coconut shrimp with a Bahama Mama drink ; clean atmosphere , friendly staff , relax with Reggae sounds and marimba music .	staff	neutral
Take a trip to the Carribean and enjoy coconut shrimp with a Bahama Mama drink ; clean atmosphere , friendly staff , relax with Reggae sounds and marimba music .	Reggae sounds	neutral
Take a trip to the Carribean and enjoy coconut shrimp with a Bahama Mama drink ; clean atmosphere , friendly staff , relax with Reggae sounds and marimba music .	marimba music	neutral
The menu is simple and reasonably priced .	menu	neutral
The pad thai was alright , but the chicken was a little tough .	pad thai	neutral
The pad thai was alright , but the chicken was a little tough .	chicken	neutral
In fact , we really liked the place ( and we 're obnoxious , New York food snobs - and proud of it dammit ! )	place	neutral
In fact , we really liked the place ( and we 're obnoxious , New York food snobs - and proud of it dammit ! )	food	neutral
I had the vegetable burrito without the cheese .	vegetable burrito	neutral
My son had a chicken fajita and my wife had an enchilada and a strawberry margarita .	chicken fajita	neutral
I noticed they put sour cream in the guacamole .	guacamole	neutral
Our server was very kind , thoughtful and competent .	server	neutral
Great Mexican restaurant that you will want to come to over and over again .	Mexican restaurant	neutral
Jesse was a great server for us and the table side guacamole is to die for .	Jesse	neutral
Jesse was a great server for us and the table side guacamole is to die for .	table side	neutral
Jesse was a great server for us and the table side guacamole is to die for .	guacamole	neutral
Paco is also an amazing chef and his flan is legit the best thing ever .	Paco	neutral
Paco is also an amazing chef and his flan is legit the best thing ever .	flan	neutral
Coming from Seattle I know what it 's like to get good fish and chips .	fish and chips	neutral
After 25 years finally a place in Las Vegas that has absolutely the freshest , flaky , flavorful fish .	fish	neutral
Absolutely the best Fish & Chips I 've had in years .	Fish & Chips	neutral
This will definitely be my go - to place probably at least once or twice a week .	place	neutral
The place is clean & and the Owner / Chef Dan has a passion for high quality .	place	neutral
The place is clean & and the Owner / Chef Dan has a passion for high quality .	Owner	neutral
The place is clean & and the Owner / Chef Dan has a passion for high quality .	Chef	neutral
The place is clean & and the Owner / Chef Dan has a passion for high quality .	Dan	neutral
I ca n't wait to recommend Guy Fieri feature this place on Triple D.	place	neutral
Komol is the best Vegan Thai restaurant in town .	Komol	neutral
The Papaya Phad Thai rocks !	Papaya Phad Thai	neutral
Does this place actually live up to its hype ? !	place	neutral
Let 's talk about the food first .	food	neutral
They offer a selection of crepes , both savoury and sweet .	crepes	neutral
The crepe is stuffed with a generous amount of toppings and cooked to a perfect light crunch .	crepe	neutral
The crepe is stuffed with a generous amount of toppings and cooked to a perfect light crunch .	toppings	neutral
, it 's definitely not the cheapest meal around .	meal	neutral
We also tried the highly acclaimed sugar cane juice ( $ 6 ) and unfortunately , it was n't anything special .	sugar cane juice	neutral
Decent drink , expensive price , not worth it .	drink	neutral
Next , I want to praise the impeccable service .	service	neutral
We were greeted by a super friendly owner who asked if it was our first time there , and then followed to give us a brief overview of the menu .	owner	neutral
You do n't get that kind of service everyday !	service	neutral
Great place .	place	neutral
Friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Yummy crepes .	crepes	neutral
Will definitely come back to try the sweet crepes another time since it 's so close to Finch Station .	sweet crepes	neutral
Never have disappointed me the special pho that has all the trimmings is my favorite , as well as their spring rolls , I go there 1 - 2 times a month , but I could have it everyday , the servings are perfect and the cost is awesome !	pho	neutral
Never have disappointed me the special pho that has all the trimmings is my favorite , as well as their spring rolls , I go there 1 - 2 times a month , but I could have it everyday , the servings are perfect and the cost is awesome !	trimmings	neutral
Never have disappointed me the special pho that has all the trimmings is my favorite , as well as their spring rolls , I go there 1 - 2 times a month , but I could have it everyday , the servings are perfect and the cost is awesome !	spring rolls	neutral
Never have disappointed me the special pho that has all the trimmings is my favorite , as well as their spring rolls , I go there 1 - 2 times a month , but I could have it everyday , the servings are perfect and the cost is awesome !	servings	neutral
Great quality food and love	food	neutral
What an amazing location and staff !	location	neutral
What an amazing location and staff !	staff	neutral
We came here on a Tuesday night for our first time and could n't believe how rad and friendly the staff were .	staff	neutral
There food was delicious and super affordable !	food	neutral
We got the Big Jim with the chipotle ranch and it was to die for .	Big Jim	neutral
We got the Big Jim with the chipotle ranch and it was to die for .	chipotle ranch	neutral
This place deserves more than 5 stars !	place	neutral
Kalbi beef taco--	Kalbi beef taco--	neutral
Thus , my advice : stick to meals that once had hooves .	meals	neutral
We were in town for the day and we always like to find a new place to get a gluten free burger since we have only one option where we live .	burger	neutral
The bar looks live a dive , but they offer a good variety of gastropub fare .	bar	neutral
The bar looks live a dive , but they offer a good variety of gastropub fare .	gastropub fare	neutral
They offer a good variety of beers on tap and bottles in the case , gluten free included .	beers	neutral
We started off with fries and we were not disappointed .	fries	neutral
They are double fried and super crispy - warning - the fries can be shared and very large to get more than two orders for two people .	fries	neutral
My husband really liked his Heisenburger but my BLT burger on a gluten free english muffin was lacking .	Heisenburger	neutral
My husband really liked his Heisenburger but my BLT burger on a gluten free english muffin was lacking .	BLT burger on	neutral
My husband really liked his Heisenburger but my BLT burger on a gluten free english muffin was lacking .	english muffin	neutral
The muffin was very greasy and the burger had no seasoning to it .	muffin	neutral
The muffin was very greasy and the burger had no seasoning to it .	burger	neutral
I asked for my burger to be cooked medium , but it came back more like medium done .	burger	neutral
My burger also came dry with no mayo , which is listed so I had to wait awhile for my mayo - which was much needed since it was overcooked and underseasoned .	burger	neutral
Great chinese noodle place , the prices are relatively cheap but there is always a lineup !	chinese noodle place	neutral
Joe 's has a nice atmosphere and wonderful staff .	atmosphere	neutral
Joe 's has a nice atmosphere and wonderful staff .	staff	neutral
I 'm not sure if it 's just been bad luck or off nights the past two times we 've been , but the food has left a lot to be desired .	food	neutral
Ribs had a lot of nasty gristle/ cartilage and fairly dry .	Ribs	neutral
I love the Chicken Pad Thai and Crab Rangoon !	Chicken Pad Thai	neutral
I love the Chicken Pad Thai and Crab Rangoon !	Crab Rangoon	neutral
Delivery is fast , and has friendly drivers .	Delivery	neutral
Delivery is fast , and has friendly drivers .	drivers	neutral
My gf likes the Lemon Chicken with sauce on the side and eggroll for starter .	Lemon Chicken	neutral
My gf likes the Lemon Chicken with sauce on the side and eggroll for starter .	eggroll	neutral
i 've been meaning to check this place out for so long and I am so glad I finally did !	place	neutral
I loved the kitschy and laid back vibe and how everyone seems to know each other .	vibe	neutral
For my meal , I got the blueberry buckwheat pancakes w/ veg sausage , my friend got Huevos Rancheros .	veg sausage	neutral
My pancakes were nice and fluffy ...	pancakes	neutral
The plate of Huevos Rancheros looked amazing and my friend could n't stop raving about it ...	Huevos Rancheros	neutral
Food is great but ordered a pad Thai to go and the server said 15 - 20 minutes .	Food	neutral
Food is great but ordered a pad Thai to go and the server said 15 - 20 minutes .	pad Thai	neutral
Food is great but ordered a pad Thai to go and the server said 15 - 20 minutes .	server	neutral
Disappointed in your service .	service	neutral
Quality of food slightly makes up for it	food	neutral
Both were excellent , along with the service .	service	neutral
Our family favs are the Chicken and Vegetable Curry , the Spicy Basil Chicken , and the Pad See Eew .	Chicken and Vegetable Curry	neutral
Our family favs are the Chicken and Vegetable Curry , the Spicy Basil Chicken , and the Pad See Eew .	Spicy Basil Chicken	neutral
Our family favs are the Chicken and Vegetable Curry , the Spicy Basil Chicken , and the Pad See Eew .	Pad See Eew	neutral
Great food !	food	neutral
This place is great for a quick eat in with great lunch menu pricing !	place	neutral
This place is great for a quick eat in with great lunch menu pricing !	lunch menu	neutral
I find this place great for a decent meal for a decent price .	place	neutral
I find this place great for a decent meal for a decent price .	meal	neutral
The one down fall with this restaurant hence 3 stars over 4 is solely the fact that I find a big difference in quality of taste with takeout / delivery versus eating in .	restaurant	neutral
The one down fall with this restaurant hence 3 stars over 4 is solely the fact that I find a big difference in quality of taste with takeout / delivery versus eating in .	takeout	neutral
The one down fall with this restaurant hence 3 stars over 4 is solely the fact that I find a big difference in quality of taste with takeout / delivery versus eating in .	delivery	neutral
Otherwise restaurant decor is nice ; the staff are very friendly and attentive and always accomodating .	restaurant decor	neutral
Otherwise restaurant decor is nice ; the staff are very friendly and attentive and always accomodating .	staff	neutral
Do n't get lazy and get delivery or takeout	delivery	neutral
The entrance to this place is beautiful !	entrance	neutral
The entrance to this place is beautiful !	place	neutral
The hostesses up front were lovely and so was the Director Zhaklin , who made sure we were all set .	hostesses	neutral
The hostesses up front were lovely and so was the Director Zhaklin , who made sure we were all set .	Director	neutral
The hostesses up front were lovely and so was the Director Zhaklin , who made sure we were all set .	Zhaklin	neutral
All the food dishes were flavorful and satisfying .	food dishes	neutral
My favorite items were the , Tartare Trio , Grilled Spanish Octopus , and a Mushroom spaghetti they brought out .	,	neutral
My favorite items were the , Tartare Trio , Grilled Spanish Octopus , and a Mushroom spaghetti they brought out .	Tartare Trio	neutral
My favorite items were the , Tartare Trio , Grilled Spanish Octopus , and a Mushroom spaghetti they brought out .	Grilled Spanish Octopus	neutral
Dessert time , sticky coconut cake with coconut water sorbet and mango sauce , yumm .	sticky coconut cake with coconut water sorbet and mango sauce	neutral
Plus a smores pizza and ice cream !	pizza	neutral
Loved the whole vibe of this place , server and bussers	vibe	neutral
Loved the whole vibe of this place , server and bussers	place	neutral
Loved the whole vibe of this place , server and bussers	server	neutral
Loved the whole vibe of this place , server and bussers	bussers	neutral
Great service always with a smile .	service	neutral
My wife has been craving Koumi ever since she had our son .	Koumi	neutral
I went to the drive through and only waited two minutes and 24 seconds before I had delicious food and a happy wife .	food	neutral
Really great restaurant here in Huntersville .	restaurant	neutral
The food is all super reasonably priced , there are awesome combos , and everything tastes great !	food	neutral
The food is all super reasonably priced , there are awesome combos , and everything tastes great !	combos	neutral
I 've been so many times and have never had a bad meal .	meal	neutral
All the employees are great too ; super friendly and they are always working very hard .	employees	neutral
Totally recommend it for casual Japanese food .	casual	neutral
Totally recommend it for casual Japanese food .	Japanese food	neutral
This place is hidden but worth looking .	place	neutral
It 's a nondescript bar where you can find one of the best , fresh burgers in the city .	burgers	neutral
The prices are reasonable and there 's no wait .	wait	neutral
the amount of food they give you is * humongous	food	neutral
I LOVED the " mozzarella cogs " and " company salad " and as a girl with an appetite , I generally appreciated the bigger portions on some of the menu options .	mozzarella cogs	neutral
I LOVED the " mozzarella cogs " and " company salad " and as a girl with an appetite , I generally appreciated the bigger portions on some of the menu options .	company salad	neutral
I LOVED the " mozzarella cogs " and " company salad " and as a girl with an appetite , I generally appreciated the bigger portions on some of the menu options .	portions	neutral
I LOVED the " mozzarella cogs " and " company salad " and as a girl with an appetite , I generally appreciated the bigger portions on some of the menu options .	menu	neutral
For some of the entrees , however , I would even argue that they give you too much food .	entrees	neutral
The Nachos for instance , while although good , I 'm never going to order something that big !	Nachos	neutral
The chips got cold before we came even close to finishing them and it just seemed like too much on one plate .	chips	neutral
Regardless , the toppings were fresh and yummy and it could be a nice snack to share with a large group of friends .	toppings	neutral
I also must say that , looking at the menu , I ca n't help but wonder why they would price their " industrial sized pretzel " at 15 dollars ...	menu	neutral
I also must say that , looking at the menu , I ca n't help but wonder why they would price their " industrial sized pretzel " at 15 dollars ...	pretzel	neutral
I never actually ordered the pretzel and I do think the amount of food they give you for the price is generally quite generous	pretzel	neutral
I never actually ordered the pretzel and I do think the amount of food they give you for the price is generally quite generous	food	neutral
so I ca n't imagine how large this pretzel would have to be to justify charging customers 15 . 00 for one .	pretzel	neutral
Does anyone really need that much pretzel ?	pretzel	neutral
Anyhoo , with reasonable prices , satisfying serving sizes , and friendly staff	serving sizes	neutral
Anyhoo , with reasonable prices , satisfying serving sizes , and friendly staff	staff	neutral
I give this place a solid 4 out of 5 stars .	place	neutral
The place was not kept clean .	place	neutral
The backyard was also a nice area to sit and have your coffee , but it was also not maintained properly .	backyard	neutral
There was a lot of bird poop on the fences which did not make me feel too comfortable .	fences	neutral
The coffee was also very basic .	coffee	neutral
The pastries looked very delicious though !	pastries	neutral
so often I use the survey coupon to get a free burger with the purchase of a sandwhich , so I usually get the Dave 's double combo and get my sandwhich for free .	Dave 's double combo	neutral
I usually come here with a friend and get our fries well done but if they are n't willing to do this then they 're just going to lose customers and their customer satisfaction will keep getting worse day by day .	customer	neutral
I 'm disappointed in the manager Kristin as she usually is the one there whenever we order food , and	manager	neutral
I 'm disappointed in the manager Kristin as she usually is the one there whenever we order food , and	Kristin	neutral
Enjoyed the panda milk tea .	panda milk tea	neutral
Exceptional service .	service	neutral
Loads of board games and a nice quaint setup to hang out with friends .	setup	neutral
I imagine this place will do well .	place	neutral
I guess our mistake was not getting any sushi .	sushi	neutral
Unfortunately with the bad taste on our mouth from what we ordered I do n't think we will be coming back to try the sushi .	sushi	neutral
Place was empty so not sure why the kitchen could n't have tasted the food .	kitchen	neutral
We had a calamari for appt and that was the only think that was ok , not impressive but ok .	calamari	neutral
Portion was kind of small for the price .	Portion	neutral
My tempura vegetables were terrible .	tempura vegetables	neutral
My husband had the teriyaki chicken , again not good .	teriyaki chicken	neutral
My son had a cheeseburger from the kids menu , it look like it was a frozen bread and frozen patty put together .	cheeseburger	neutral
My other son had the beef lo main ( it was supposed to be the kids size ) but was given an adult portion .	beef lo main	neutral
None of us finished our food . ; ( Our server seemed to rush us even though the place was empty .	server	neutral
surprised they served a good amount ... gon na go back for Pancit Malabon and Sisig ... to bad they do n't have much of Filipino desserts ...	Pancit Malabon	neutral
surprised they served a good amount ... gon na go back for Pancit Malabon and Sisig ... to bad they do n't have much of Filipino desserts ...	Sisig	neutral
I have been to the Parlor twice and one time it was so / so and the other	Parlor	neutral
Hopefully the pizza 's get a tad more consistent .	pizza	neutral
Oh , and the duck confit ? amazing .	duck confit	neutral
Just a small cafe with delicious oven fired pizza .	cafe	neutral
Just a small cafe with delicious oven fired pizza .	oven fired	neutral
Just a small cafe with delicious oven fired pizza .	pizza	neutral
Spicy porcetta with fresh basil and a fried egg on top .	basil	neutral
Perfect crust and loved the extra red pepper olive oil for the table .	crust	neutral
Perfect crust and loved the extra red pepper olive oil for the table .	extra red pepper olive oil	neutral
While we originally had our hearts set on Burgatory ( so good ! )	Burgatory	neutral
the wait was 1 - 1 . 5 hours .	wait	neutral
We had plans and hungry stomachs , so she mentioned that Sam 's is owned by the same company and is good .	Sam	neutral
For $ 11 , I got a 10 inch hot turkey breast sandwich , a ton of fries , and a large soda .	turkey breast sandwich	neutral
This portion is huge - really , I ate half the sandwich , a couple fries and was stuffed .	portion	neutral
I 'm not sure why it 's so hard to find a good turkey sub , but this place gets a thumbs up !	turkey sub	neutral
and I came here for dinner , it was a great experience , the service was excellent ; waitress was very informative and nice .	service	neutral
and I came here for dinner , it was a great experience , the service was excellent ; waitress was very informative and nice .	waitress	neutral
Good dips come with it as well .	dips	neutral
Crispy Calamari - it was nicely breaded , crispy , and plentiful !	Crispy	neutral
Crispy Calamari - it was nicely breaded , crispy , and plentiful !	Calamari	neutral
I chose the Tilapia fish , you also have the option of Catfish and Mahi Mahi fish !	Tilapia fish	neutral
The rice and fish was seasoned very well !	rice	neutral
The rice and fish was seasoned very well !	fish	neutral
Veggies were okay .	Veggies	neutral
Creole Fish and Chips - comes with a side of no - mayo coleslaw , lots of home cut fries and 2 big pieces of fish .	fries	neutral
I 'm not sure if the batter was suppose to be this color , but it was a very dark brown , it almost looked burnt .	batter	neutral
Tasted pretty good but would have been better if the fish was cooked to a golden brown color .	fish	neutral
- I 'm a huge fan of this type of desert , it was done very well here .	desert	neutral
Bread Pudding - tasted good with the vanilla ice cream , nothing spectacular though .	Bread Pudding	neutral
Bread Pudding - tasted good with the vanilla ice cream , nothing spectacular though .	vanilla ice cream	neutral
Dozen of Chef 's Choice Oysters - it was $ 21 which is a pretty good deal .	Chef 's Choice Oysters	neutral
I enjoyed the home - made sauces that it came with , very creative and fun to eat .	sauces	neutral
The seafood fondue looks really good !	seafood fondue	neutral
Had the 1/4 lb jalapeno and swiss burg with fries .	jalapeno and swiss burg with fries	neutral
Burger was juicy and bun was super fresh .	Burger	neutral
Burger was juicy and bun was super fresh .	bun	neutral
The jalapenos were fresh and not the pickled kind .	jalapenos	neutral
Fries were n't from frozen and perfectly crispy .	Fries	neutral
Tons of toppings to choose from , probably too many .	toppings	neutral
Saw the poutine that looked incredible but good chance you could die of coronary disease soon thereafter .	poutine	neutral
I was not too impressed by the selection at this buffet .	buffet	neutral
The only things I tried were a couple of desserts and salad .	desserts	neutral
The only things I tried were a couple of desserts and salad .	salad	neutral
However , what was awesome was that unlimited mimosas and bloody mary 's that came with the morning buffet , until 2 .	mimosas	neutral
However , what was awesome was that unlimited mimosas and bloody mary 's that came with the morning buffet , until 2 .	bloody mary	neutral
And the guy serving the drinks was super friendly and very generous .	guy	neutral
A+ authetico mexicano .	mexicano	neutral
Pollo tacos rice beans jalape単o salsa .	Pollo	neutral
Will be coming back again soon as should you 5 stars and great staff !	staff	neutral
I 'm being generous with 2 stars , Kandahar Kabab put all their thought into the interior of the restaurant and not the food , kabob skewers are too small for a $ 12-$14 plate of food .	kabob skewers	neutral
Meat does n't have flavour here , bland !	Meat	neutral
There are far better Afghan places in the neighbourhood with higher quality .	Afghan	neutral
I almost do n't want to post this review because I want this restaurant to retain it 's obscurity	restaurant	neutral
This is the best sushi spot in the downtown core .	sushi spot	neutral
Amazing special rolls and moderately priced .	special rolls	neutral
I recommend their Volcano Roll and their Fantasia Roll .	Volcano Roll	neutral
I recommend their Volcano Roll and their Fantasia Roll .	Fantasia Roll	neutral
If you 're more traditional , try their Sushi platter .	Sushi platter	neutral
Seriously so happy to see a place that has not only amazing sushi , but amazing service .	sushi	neutral
Seriously so happy to see a place that has not only amazing sushi , but amazing service .	service	neutral
For some reason , this cuisine seems to have one or the other .	cuisine	neutral
The staff here is so nice and super fast .	staff	neutral
Just hope their prices and staff stay the same .	staff	neutral
How have I not heard of this place sooner ?	place	neutral
I love the exterior , the interior had a cozy German feel to it and the food is amazing .	interior	neutral
I love the exterior , the interior had a cozy German feel to it and the food is amazing .	food	neutral
Definitely my new go - to restaurant in the east valley !	restaurant	neutral
Showed a printed flyer , Shake Shack donates 15 % to local children 's charity .	Shake Shack	neutral
Had a special double burger , bacon with a white gooey cheese sauce , added pickles and onions .	double burger	neutral
Also had a large lemonade .	lemonade	neutral
Friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Will definitely be back to explore more of the menu items	menu	neutral
Good food .	food	neutral
Good service .	service	neutral
The chicken was moist and flavorful .	chicken	neutral
The Mac and cheese was perfect .	Mac and cheese	neutral
The garlic bread was soft and flavorful .	garlic bread	neutral
The service was super friendly .	service	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
Great drinks .	drinks	neutral
And one of the best bubble tea uptown .	bubble tea	neutral
The only problem is the location .	location	neutral
I wish this place can get more fame	place	neutral
but i guess a lot of people just do n't know about how good this place is .	place	neutral
This review is for the back dining room .	back dining room	neutral
Dim lit , gorgeous decor , and the huge oversized pink booths , perfect for our bachelorette !	decor	neutral
Dim lit , gorgeous decor , and the huge oversized pink booths , perfect for our bachelorette !	pink booths	neutral
The menu was really fun , and we shared several items among the 5 of us including the thin crust pizzas , burger bites , mac and cheese lollipops and the arugula with steak salad .	menu	neutral
The menu was really fun , and we shared several items among the 5 of us including the thin crust pizzas , burger bites , mac and cheese lollipops and the arugula with steak salad .	thin crust pizzas	neutral
The menu was really fun , and we shared several items among the 5 of us including the thin crust pizzas , burger bites , mac and cheese lollipops and the arugula with steak salad .	burger bites	neutral
The menu was really fun , and we shared several items among the 5 of us including the thin crust pizzas , burger bites , mac and cheese lollipops and the arugula with steak salad .	mac and cheese lollipops	neutral
The menu was really fun , and we shared several items among the 5 of us including the thin crust pizzas , burger bites , mac and cheese lollipops and the arugula with steak salad .	arugula with steak salad	neutral
The steak was perfect , literally melted in my mouth ... just as it should !	steak	neutral
Several other items they were also out of , and the drinks took forever to get !	drinks	neutral
Ill cut him some slack because the dessert martinis we ordered were some of the BEST I 've ever had .	dessert martinis	neutral
I HIGHLY recommend the Smores and the Almond Joy drink .	Smores	neutral
I HIGHLY recommend the Smores and the Almond Joy drink .	Almond Joy drink	neutral
If you have a party , I definitely recommending reserving one of the back tables .	back tables	neutral
The front , casual dining area looked cute for brunch or lunch .	dining area	neutral
Oh , and they have a bar inside the Paris that has a great HH .	bar	neutral
Thanks , Sugar Factory , for a really fun dining experience !	Sugar Factory	neutral
I love this sign	sign	neutral
Do n't forget this sign if you stop by Vegas for the first sign always amazing and friendly people here .	people	neutral
" Yes , please!!!. " This is definitely one of my favorites places on Mill Avenue for 3 reasons : service , food / drink , and the music .	service	neutral
" Yes , please!!!. " This is definitely one of my favorites places on Mill Avenue for 3 reasons : service , food / drink , and the music .	food	neutral
Let 's start with the service .	service	neutral
Every time I walk into this place it feels like I am the center of attention .	place	neutral
All the bartenders that we 've had are amazing .	bartenders	neutral
The food / drink is also great , but it looks like the menu is constantly getting smaller and smaller .	food /	neutral
The food / drink is also great , but it looks like the menu is constantly getting smaller and smaller .	drink	neutral
The food / drink is also great , but it looks like the menu is constantly getting smaller and smaller .	menu	neutral
The menu used to have tons of options , but as of late , it seems like it is more of a burger focused menu .	menu	neutral
Back to the point , the food is flat out amazing .	food	neutral
Whoever is back their cooking has his / her culinary game on point .	cooking	neutral
I 've had various versions of their burgers and love the flavor .	burgers	neutral
It tastes like a fresh burger that you just cooked in the backyard over an open flame .	burger	neutral
I like my burgers medium rare , and I get them medium rare .	burgers	neutral
My other favorite is the fried chicken BLT sandwich .	fried chicken BLT sandwich	neutral
The chicken is crispy on the outside and moist and juicy on the inside .	chicken	neutral
Lots of good flavor with their veggies as well .	veggies	neutral
Not sure if that menu has been reduced as well .	menu	neutral
As for drinks , I got ta say I 'm not much of a cocktail person , but I do love a good beer .	beer	neutral
They have quite a few beers on tap , but also have a great selection of bottles .	beers	neutral
They have quite a few beers on tap , but also have a great selection of bottles .	bottles	neutral
They have bottomless mimosas on the weekend for a great price .	mimosas	neutral
Drink specials always seem to be in abundance as well .	Drink specials	neutral
Absolutely love their happy hour drink specials .	happy hour	neutral
Absolutely love their happy hour drink specials .	drink specials	neutral
Nothing like a nice strong cocktail .	cocktail	neutral
Lastly , I 'm big on eating and drinking in an environment that makes things fun .	environment	neutral
This place has a great musical environment that is up to date .	musical environment	neutral
A little hip hop , a little EDM , and great well - known Dj 's that come in on the weekends to make you feel good and enjoy the time that you spend there .	hip	neutral
A little hip hop , a little EDM , and great well - known Dj 's that come in on the weekends to make you feel good and enjoy the time that you spend there .	Dj 's	neutral
Overall , I ca n't say enough great things about this place .	place	neutral
Only critique that I would have is the changing of the menu 's .	menu	neutral
Fun little place .	place	neutral
They have plenty of seats , two pool tables , shuffle board table , darts , and a couple of arcade games .	pool	neutral
They have plenty of seats , two pool tables , shuffle board table , darts , and a couple of arcade games .	shuffle board table	neutral
Our waitress was super friendly and efficient , she offered to split our checks without us even asking ( most wait staff avoid this at all costs ! ! ) .	waitress	neutral
Food did take a while to come out but not a big deal .	Food	neutral
Food was alright , good bar food but nothing special .	Food	neutral
Food was alright , good bar food but nothing special .	bar food	neutral
Fun little place to hang out , drink and eat , and play games .	place	neutral
Oh ... restroom was very clean and smelled good , which surprised me !	restroom	neutral
Dicks brings back such fond memories ...	Dicks	neutral
The gravey french fies were my favorite .	gravey french fies	neutral
The one thing I can remember never understanding was the pie selection , everything was merangue ... even though it said it was bannana cream , it was merangue ... thats why you do nt get 5 stars ! !	pie selection	neutral
Love the $ 5 glasses of wine 11 - 4 daily .	glasses of wine	neutral
Great place for a late snack type lunch or late evening small bite and more wine .	place	neutral
Olives are great !	Olives	neutral
Parking works during the off hours , otherwise it can be frustrating .	Parking	neutral
Great authentic atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
I always love it when I walk into a new joint and it 's packed .	joint	neutral
Sushi is good , overall standard pricing .	Sushi	neutral
Presentation needs a little work .	Presentation	neutral
Tried the sparkling sake - skip it , not all that good .	sparkling sake	neutral
The Green Mango on Bloor is a thousand times better .	Green Mango on	neutral
I 'm finally pleased that my boyfriend and I could finally get out and dress up for a night and not only have an amazing meal , but fantastic service .	meal	neutral
I 'm finally pleased that my boyfriend and I could finally get out and dress up for a night and not only have an amazing meal , but fantastic service .	service	neutral
We started with calamari ,	calamari	neutral
MUST TRY , then the chopped salad with no bleu cheese .	chopped salad	neutral
Then for our main , we both ordered a 7 oz filet and shared lobster mac n cheese , and cauliflower .	filet	neutral
The entire meal was to die for .	meal	neutral
The steak was cooked perfectly to MR and we were stuffed .	steak	neutral
Thank you Lynn and thanks Aliante casino for having such a great steakhouse that we can go to that is less than 4 miles away !	steakhouse	neutral
This ' Nish dish is so delish ! ! !	' Nish dish	neutral
You know the restaurants where you can taste the love in the food , this is definitely one of those places .	food	neutral
Portions are generous and you definitely wo n't leave here hungry .	Portions	neutral
I began my love affair with Ethiopian food last year when I went to visit a friend in New York and he opened my eyes to the delights of this interesting , yet amazing food .	Ethiopian food	neutral
I began my love affair with Ethiopian food last year when I went to visit a friend in New York and he opened my eyes to the delights of this interesting , yet amazing food .	food	neutral
With my recent gluten allergy , it has been terrible finding carbs and luckily the Injera bread is 100 % gluten free ( it is made with teff )	Injera bread	neutral
Another really neat thing about Blue Nile is that they serve a small raw menu every day , and a full blown raw menu on Sunday and Monday .	raw menu	neutral
I can not wait to come back and try their raw creations .	raw creations	neutral
That is , if you can pull me away from the injera :-)	injera	neutral
Now , the one drawback that ALMOST turns this place from a 5 to a 4 is that they have the scariest parking lot I have ever seen .	parking lot	neutral
they have this magical tea that has such a unique flavor .	tea	neutral
Extremely affordable , very tasty , great service ...	service	neutral
This ice cream is amazing .	ice cream	neutral
They only downside was butterfinger	butterfinger	neutral
The staff was really friendly ( Dakota and Destinee were working the night I went in , they were fun and nice ) .	staff	neutral
Ari was my bartender .	Ari	neutral
She 's awesome and staff that was there was friendly .	staff	neutral
However , this place is pretty expensive .	place	neutral
Both food and beer .	food	neutral
Both food and beer .	beer	neutral
The beignets are the best I 've had .	beignets	neutral
The service is amazing too .	service	neutral
Definitely recommend Nanny 's !	Nanny	neutral
Both times the soup I had was very good .	soup	neutral
The first time was the Won Ton Soup and the second was a different type with clear noodles .	Won Ton Soup	neutral
First of all , they needed to be more generous with the chicken .	chicken	neutral
I hate ordering these dishes and having to search for pieces of chicken and the pieces that were in there were very small .	dishes	neutral
Also , their version of spicy is not my version of spicy .	spicy	neutral
Well , the dish came out way too spicy for my taste and the other person I was with was unable to eat the dish .	dish	neutral
Nice ambience .	ambience	neutral
I was in the Stadium yesterday and had an amazing meal .	meal	neutral
Not to mention how delicious the banana cream pie was !	banana cream pie	neutral
We had amazing food and great service , ken was our server .	food	neutral
We had amazing food and great service , ken was our server .	service	neutral
We had amazing food and great service , ken was our server .	ken	neutral
For such a little girl ( no offense ) , she sure was getting the job done well !	girl	neutral
A great server is nothing without a wonderful busser .	server	neutral
A great server is nothing without a wonderful busser .	busser	neutral
The food was not very hot when it came out .	food	neutral
I believe they waited for one of the sides to be cooked because the side of Brussels sprouts were hot but nothing else was .	side of Brussels sprouts	neutral
And the taco shells tasted and felt old .	taco shells	neutral
My son 's favorite , except fish tacos at Rocky Point Mexico .	fish	neutral
Gruber tacos and sides .	tacos	neutral
Gruber tacos and sides .	sides	neutral
Decent pizza , terrible service .	pizza	neutral
Decent pizza , terrible service .	service	neutral
My first time in Vegas & I booked a 6 day stay in the West Tower after reading about the horrible Manor rooms .	Manor rooms	neutral
My 5 year old son loved the arcade upstairs !	arcade	neutral
Plenty of dining options and housekeepers were very nice and helpful .	dining	neutral
Plenty of dining options and housekeepers were very nice and helpful .	housekeepers	neutral
Place was awesome ! !	Place	neutral
I think our waitress name was Jasmine	waitress	neutral
I loved their fried pickles amazing ! ! ! !	fried pickles	neutral
A$ $ SOUP & NOODLES .	SOUP	neutral
A$ $ SOUP & NOODLES .	NOODLES	neutral
Their fresh noddles was an amazing break from all the ramen I eat .	fresh noddles	neutral
Prices are really cheap AND THE POTSTICKERS ARE AMAZING .	POTSTICKERS	neutral
Their HK milk tea is amazinggg .	HK milk tea	neutral
The right amount of evaporated milk mixed in , very full - bodied tea .	milk	neutral
The right amount of evaporated milk mixed in , very full - bodied tea .	tea	neutral
One of the few places that I know of where you can order S - M - L for milk tea .	milk tea	neutral
Their egg tarts and buns are okay .	egg tarts	neutral
Their egg tarts and buns are okay .	buns	neutral
Quick service up at the cashier & tea bar .	service	neutral
Quick service up at the cashier & tea bar .	cashier	neutral
Quick service up at the cashier & tea bar .	tea bar	neutral
The ladies up in the front are nice & efficient .	ladies	neutral
The ladies up in the front are nice & efficient .	front	neutral
Seating is always filled up on weekends , so it can get tricky to find a place to sit and eat .	Seating	neutral
Buns / pastries are slightly more expensive in comparison to other Chinese bakeries (	Buns	neutral
Buns / pastries are slightly more expensive in comparison to other Chinese bakeries (	pastries	neutral
Coming back regularly for their milk tea , but probably not for their pastries / buns	milk tea	neutral
Coming back regularly for their milk tea , but probably not for their pastries / buns	pastries	neutral
Coming back regularly for their milk tea , but probably not for their pastries / buns	buns	neutral
Just a note to compliment Wildflower and particularly Samii at the American Air terminal at Phoenix Sky Harbor .	Samii	neutral
Great food and a smile goes a long way when stressed out from the whole flying experience .	food	neutral
Their falafels are salty and dry .	falafels	neutral
Their coleslaw has no dressing to it its just dry you need flavour .	coleslaw	neutral
I 've tried the chicken skewers and their potatoes not too bad .	chicken skewers	neutral
I 've tried the chicken skewers and their potatoes not too bad .	potatoes	neutral
They charge a lot for your food too expensive for not so good food .	food	neutral
They charge a lot for your food too expensive for not so good food .	food	neutral
I 've tried the Villa Madina at Square One AMAZING !	Villa Madina	neutral
That place is a must try .	place	neutral
Their coleslaw has moist to it , dressing is so delicious .	coleslaw	neutral
Their coleslaw has moist to it , dressing is so delicious .	dressing	neutral
Their potatoes are actually better and so is their chicken skewers more flavour than the ones at Yorkdale .	potatoes	neutral
Their potatoes are actually better and so is their chicken skewers more flavour than the ones at Yorkdale .	chicken skewers	neutral
I give Villa Madina Square One a 5 star !	Villa Madina	neutral
Had to worst mixed drink here ever ....	mixed drink	neutral
Large joint with tacky decor , but	joint	neutral
Large joint with tacky decor , but	decor	neutral
This movie theater has really gone down .	movie theater	neutral
I use to be excited for this movie theater because of the great concept and its in a great location	location	neutral
The only good thing about this theater is that Groupon always has $ 5 tickets for SMG which is the cheapest price in town	SMG	neutral
but I much rather go to Starlight and pay more and enjoy the reclining chairs .	reclining chairs	neutral
The food was not great	food	neutral
Great food at great value ! ! !	food	neutral
Service is what you would expect at most Chinese spots : friendly but inattentive .	Service	neutral
Seafood Udon -	Seafood Udon	neutral
The dish looks simple but full of flavor .	dish	neutral
True seafood flavor .	seafood	neutral
Chicken Rice	Chicken Rice	neutral
Some food critics came in and just had the chicken wings .	chicken wings	neutral
The sammiches were good with a tasty cole slaw .	sammiches	neutral
The sammiches were good with a tasty cole slaw .	cole slaw	neutral
We thought the patio would be great to bring our nieces and parents the following Friday late afternoon .	patio	neutral
The breaded mushrooms were cold inside .	breaded mushrooms	neutral
One person 's burger was horrible in his words .	burger	neutral
Our niece described the children 's Mac and cheese as 3 day old microwaved Kraft Mac & cheese .	Mac and cheese	neutral
Our sammiches were disappointing ; they used a different cole slaw .	sammiches	neutral
The corned beef had little flavor , but it was n't the worst part of the sammich .	corned beef	neutral
The only meal that was satisfactory was the chicken quesadilla .	chicken quesadilla	neutral
How could we have such a dismal meal just 5 days later ?	meal	neutral
Best KBBQ	KBBQ	neutral
Biggest slices , lots of appetizers and sides .	slices	neutral
Biggest slices , lots of appetizers and sides .	appetizers	neutral
Very nice ice cream macaroons to finish .	ice cream macaroons	neutral
Very nice and homely ambiance ; we always love it when we are seated in a booth .	ambiance	neutral
Very nice and homely ambiance ; we always love it when we are seated in a booth .	booth	neutral
Nice menu variety from breakfast specials to a full range of entrees like soups , sandwiches , pasta and steak .	menu	neutral
Nice menu variety from breakfast specials to a full range of entrees like soups , sandwiches , pasta and steak .	breakfast specials	neutral
Nice menu variety from breakfast specials to a full range of entrees like soups , sandwiches , pasta and steak .	soups	neutral
Nice menu variety from breakfast specials to a full range of entrees like soups , sandwiches , pasta and steak .	sandwiches	neutral
Nice menu variety from breakfast specials to a full range of entrees like soups , sandwiches , pasta and steak .	pasta	neutral
Nice menu variety from breakfast specials to a full range of entrees like soups , sandwiches , pasta and steak .	steak	neutral
Very nice portions , especially the buttered toast and home fries .	portions	neutral
Very nice portions , especially the buttered toast and home fries .	buttered toast	neutral
Very nice portions , especially the buttered toast and home fries .	home fries	neutral
Unlimited coffee refills can do no wrong .	coffee refills	neutral
Always a winner with breakfast food !	breakfast food	neutral
My only comment is it 's slightly pricey with the more elaborate breakfast specials , more so than the average breakfast restaurant ... but a bit justified as you 're supporting a local mom ' n pop eatery .	breakfast specials	neutral
Also , we 've noticed that customer service used to be stellar and has somewhat diminished over the years ...	customer service	neutral
but we have our all - time fav blonde - haired , bespectacled super friendly waitress who is always fantastic !	waitress	neutral
Glad Wally 's is in our neighbourhood .	Wally 's	neutral
It 's not quite a brewery yet but the place has a lot of potential .	brewery	neutral
It 's not quite a brewery yet but the place has a lot of potential .	place	neutral
The bar staff was very friendly .	bar staff	neutral
The service was quick & easy , but the lady was definitely pretty miserable .	service	neutral
The service was quick & easy , but the lady was definitely pretty miserable .	lady	neutral
I enjoyed the chicken meatballs with the asiago sauce .	chicken meatballs	neutral
I enjoyed the chicken meatballs with the asiago sauce .	asiago sauce	neutral
I 've had better and cheaper breakfasts all over the city , but that does n't mean that Denny 's is n't for me .	Denny	neutral
Also - it 's worth mentioning that their pancakes are great value .	pancakes	neutral
Maybe more than four french fries on the side of that small sandwich that cost 10 bucks next time ?	sandwich	neutral
Their pancakes are what I always want .	pancakes	neutral
Beautiful restaurant with a great view of the strip .	restaurant	neutral
Beautiful restaurant with a great view of the strip .	view of	neutral
Lets not forget about the bread basket !	bread basket	neutral
Your table will get a variety of breads as well as mascapone butter , lemon olive oil , and an eggplant spread .	breads	neutral
Your table will get a variety of breads as well as mascapone butter , lemon olive oil , and an eggplant spread .	mascapone butter	neutral
Your table will get a variety of breads as well as mascapone butter , lemon olive oil , and an eggplant spread .	lemon olive oil	neutral
Your table will get a variety of breads as well as mascapone butter , lemon olive oil , and an eggplant spread .	eggplant spread	neutral
The breads alone got me full !	breads	neutral
The ones I can remember were .... rosemary bread , sourdough , and the salami and cheese .	rosemary bread	neutral
The ones I can remember were .... rosemary bread , sourdough , and the salami and cheese .	sourdough	neutral
The ones I can remember were .... rosemary bread , sourdough , and the salami and cheese .	salami and cheese	neutral
I was very impressed with the service .	service	neutral
For each course , a different server brought out the dishes , and they knew what dish to place in front of you without asking who ordered what .	server	neutral
Our main 2 waiters made sure our waters were always filled and cleaned away the used dishes / utensils promptly .	waiters	neutral
I was n't impressed with this place .	place	neutral
The good : the server was friendly and attentive and the portion size was so huge .	server	neutral
The good : the server was friendly and attentive and the portion size was so huge .	portion size	neutral
The bad : the food was bland , which I had to add salt and pepper .	food	neutral
Also , the hash was n't very good .	hash	neutral
The potatoes were overcooked that they were very brown , too hard on the outside and dry .	potatoes	neutral
The chunks of their award - winning meatloaf were also bland , and the biscuit was overdone that the outside was like an armor coating .	meatloaf	neutral
The chunks of their award - winning meatloaf were also bland , and the biscuit was overdone that the outside was like an armor coating .	biscuit	neutral
So for meatloaf hash , coffee and a side of gravy ( they had to charge me although I did n't get the eggs ) cost over $ 22 .	meatloaf hash	neutral
This place is too expensive for bland - tasting , overcooked food .	food	neutral
We had a wonderful time and great food and plenty of it .	food	neutral
Wonderful Greek limited - service restaurant !	restaurant	neutral
The whole place is spotless and looks brand - new .	place	neutral
This location has sat empty for a long time	location	neutral
The food is fresh and delicious and portions are great !	food	neutral
The food is fresh and delicious and portions are great !	portions	neutral
Not a chain - just a young man and his family serving simple , good food !	food	neutral
Try the falafel for sure - lunch crowds can be busy so try to hit this place in the morning or evening	falafel	neutral
Yay for authentic thai food in Vegas !	thai food	neutral
I thought the prices were quite reasonable for a thai food place , especially in Vegas but of course my mom and cousins thought it was a bit expensive because they 're use to good cheap thai food .	thai food	neutral
We ordered soup to share which was really good but my cousin said a little bit spicy	soup	neutral
and it was n't spicy at all , cream cheese wontons , chicken wings with sauce on the side , and other stuff	sauce	neutral
My favorite was the mussel cake or hoi todd which I thought was cooked perfectly .	mussel cake	neutral
My favorite was the mussel cake or hoi todd which I thought was cooked perfectly .	hoi todd	neutral
Not too crispy , not gooey at all , perfect texture , perfect sauce .	sauce	neutral
La serveuse me tombe dessus , on aurait dit	serveuse	neutral
The service was excellent from the hostess to the coat check chick .	service	neutral
The service was excellent from the hostess to the coat check chick .	hostess	neutral
The service was excellent from the hostess to the coat check chick .	coat	neutral
Each piece of food I had was a delectable morsel of goodness .	food	neutral
I had a bite of most of my friends dishes ; my favorite was the crab cake that I ordered and the barbecue tuna .	crab cake	neutral
I had a bite of most of my friends dishes ; my favorite was the crab cake that I ordered and the barbecue tuna .	barbecue	neutral
As I 've said in other reviews , I 'm a calamari lover , and theirs did n't quite measure up - but it was n't terrible enough to take off a star and every other dish on our table was incredible .	dish	neutral
I would recommend however , taking the trip to the Pittsburgh location if you want an even more luxurious atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
I had an okay time here , the pianist were entertaining .	pianist	neutral
I am a big fan of tacos !	tacos	neutral
This place has an ok selection of tacos not a lot of vegetarian options !	tacos	neutral
Happy hour it 's good their frozen margaritas are yummy and the usually have a HH taco ( not vegetarian )	frozen margaritas	neutral
Great service !	service	neutral
Gorgeous little restaurant with daily specials and an added bonus of a vegetarian menu with a lot of options !	restaurant	neutral
Gorgeous little restaurant with daily specials and an added bonus of a vegetarian menu with a lot of options !	daily specials	neutral
Gorgeous little restaurant with daily specials and an added bonus of a vegetarian menu with a lot of options !	vegetarian menu	neutral
Their beans are lard free , the delicious salsa is made daily in house , and the drink specials from 2 - 6 are just some of the reasons why this place is so great ! ! !	beans	neutral
Their beans are lard free , the delicious salsa is made daily in house , and the drink specials from 2 - 6 are just some of the reasons why this place is so great ! ! !	salsa	neutral
Their beans are lard free , the delicious salsa is made daily in house , and the drink specials from 2 - 6 are just some of the reasons why this place is so great ! ! !	drink specials	neutral
The people are amazing , the food is great , and I promise you will really love it !	people	neutral
The people are amazing , the food is great , and I promise you will really love it !	food	neutral
Superb food , service , and decor	food	neutral
Superb food , service , and decor	service	neutral
Superb food , service , and decor	decor	neutral
Everyone in our family likes the food .	food	neutral
It 's a very nice setting for a meal and deserves some interior design awards .	setting	neutral
It 's a very nice setting for a meal and deserves some interior design awards .	interior	neutral
And I feel a tad better about myself after eating there-- as if the healthy menu someone cleanses me more than 30 Hail Marys and Our Fathers .	menu	neutral
Our girls usually are stoked to have the Watermelon Lemonade with Almond Butter , Strawberry & Banana Sandwich .	Watermelon Lemonade with Almond Butter , Strawberry & Banana Sandwich	neutral
I love the Kale Salad with chicken added .	Kale Salad with	neutral
I love the Kale Salad with chicken added .	chicken added	neutral
Service was the usual attentive standard we 're used to .	Service	neutral
I still need to try their juice bar options .	juice bar	neutral
The Buffet at Bellagio is amazing !	Buffet	neutral
The stations were consistently full and the staff was working hard to ensure they were kept stocked .	stations	neutral
The stations were consistently full and the staff was working hard to ensure they were kept stocked .	staff	neutral
The highlights for me were the mash potatoes , crab legs , and the lemon sorbet .	mash potatoes	neutral
The highlights for me were the mash potatoes , crab legs , and the lemon sorbet .	crab legs	neutral
The highlights for me were the mash potatoes , crab legs , and the lemon sorbet .	lemon sorbet	neutral
It looks like an overpriced burger joint is de rigeur for every casino in town now .	burger joint	neutral
Blt is an attractive restaurant , but in the end it 's just another formulaic place with decent food , created by an out - of - town , absentee , big - name New York chef in order to seperate tourists from their money .	Blt	neutral
Blt is an attractive restaurant , but in the end it 's just another formulaic place with decent food , created by an out - of - town , absentee , big - name New York chef in order to seperate tourists from their money .	food	neutral
Blt is an attractive restaurant , but in the end it 's just another formulaic place with decent food , created by an out - of - town , absentee , big - name New York chef in order to seperate tourists from their money .	chef	neutral
The skinny fries are not skinny .	skinny fries	neutral
The beer list is lame .	beer list	neutral
Bbq nachos awful and unnecessary .	Bbq nachos	neutral
One of their appetizers is a waffle fry topped with cheese and runny , canned - tasting chili and a jarred jalepeno .	chili	neutral
The pickle that accompanies the burgers has no flavor whatsoever .	pickle	neutral
The pickle that accompanies the burgers has no flavor whatsoever .	burgers	neutral
I love when you order a 15 dollar burger and the server asks if you " want cheese " on that .	burger	neutral
I love when you order a 15 dollar burger and the server asks if you " want cheese " on that .	server	neutral
Cheese is an upcharge ?	Cheese	neutral
Wings were good .	Wings	neutral
Burger decent .	Burger	neutral
Service was okay .	Service	neutral
Blt burger plus split order of fries plus 2 beers came to over 40 bucks .	Blt burger	neutral
Blt burger plus split order of fries plus 2 beers came to over 40 bucks .	fries	neutral
Plus , enough with the " chef 's ipod " playing classic rock greatest hits .	chef	neutral
If you car is dirty I definitely recommend this place .	place	neutral
Spices were good and tasty .	Spices	neutral
But skimpy on the meats .	meats	neutral
Service was good and place was clean .	Service	neutral
Service was good and place was clean .	place	neutral
I would go back for my Indian fix .	Indian	neutral
This makes kiki a sad lady .	kiki	neutral
The place was nt busy at all and there were multiple waitresses .	waitresses	neutral
The food was just as fantastic as always !	food	neutral
Their salads are always so fresh and tasty .	salads	neutral
We had their white pizza this time and it was delicious .	white pizza	neutral
My granddaughter had the macaroni and cheese	macaroni and cheese	neutral
Good food and the staff is always very attentive .	food	neutral
Good food and the staff is always very attentive .	staff	neutral
It 's a decent AYCE sushi restaurant in Henderson , NV and worth the visit if you are in the area .	sushi	neutral
With the standard selection of sushi , I could n't find a bad choice .	sushi	neutral
The fish is fresh , the rice is done right , the cuts of fish is precise and service is quick and friendly .	fish	neutral
The fish is fresh , the rice is done right , the cuts of fish is precise and service is quick and friendly .	rice	neutral
The fish is fresh , the rice is done right , the cuts of fish is precise and service is quick and friendly .	cuts of fish	neutral
The fish is fresh , the rice is done right , the cuts of fish is precise and service is quick and friendly .	service	neutral
One note , you can pay extra if you want sashimi , but you only have one serving .	sashimi	neutral
Great waffles !	waffles	neutral
Staff are very personable !	Staff	neutral
Amazing crepes ! !	crepes	neutral
My favourite is the scallops one , I have tried already most of the menu and that 's still the best one for me .	scallops	neutral
In addition the wine is really really good , and the service super friendly .	wine	neutral
In addition the wine is really really good , and the service super friendly .	service	neutral
I recommend this place 100 % .	place	neutral
They have the best crepes in Calgary ! !	crepes	neutral
Easy going Mexican restaurant with tasty food .	Mexican restaurant	neutral
Easy going Mexican restaurant with tasty food .	food	neutral
Intimate , feels a bit cramped inside but the service is very friendly !	service	neutral
Now it was grand opening night , so by no means will I be reviewing them for the speed of service : their line was out the door !	service	neutral
The store is really hip !	store	neutral
Love the pink colors and beautiful chalk - like drawings on the walls .	chalk	neutral
First off , each shake is totally customizable to your taste buds .	shake	neutral
Only a few M&Ms , half a Ding Dong for such a large shake .	shake	neutral
After ( maple syrup , bacon , & orange juice - it was weird ! )	maple syrup	neutral
After ( maple syrup , bacon , & orange juice - it was weird ! )	bacon	neutral
After ( maple syrup , bacon , & orange juice - it was weird ! )	orange juice	neutral
Sweetness on both was way too sweet for the both of us .	Sweetness	neutral
Shakes are a bit pricey for me at $ 5-$7 a cup .	Shakes	neutral
They do have a very wonderful " buy one give one " thing where they donate a meal to Three Square with every shake !	Three	neutral
but he was happy to show me the actual bread choices .	bread	neutral
My sandwiches wo n't be soggy for work !	sandwiches	neutral
Brandon did a stellar job and we hope he gets promoted to Manager .	Brandon	neutral
Two stars for food only .	food	neutral
Environment and employees were rude .	Environment	neutral
Environment and employees were rude .	employees	neutral
I read about Triple George on yelp and how beautiful it was .	Triple George	neutral
Well , it is but they sat us in the bar where it was loud and no atmosphere .	bar	neutral
The hostess made a face when I asked if there was a better table .	hostess	neutral
While we were waiting for our dinner I peeked in the main dining room and it was beautiful .	main dining room	neutral
The manager came by and asked how we are doing .	manager	neutral
Oh well , next night we went to Second Street Grille and sat in their beautiful dining room .	dining	neutral
Place use to be good .	Place	neutral
Now the service is horrendous .	service	neutral
Seriously my new favorite place in old town to go after work .	place	neutral
Great happy hour prices	happy hour	neutral
but I totally underestimated the amount of food they give you when I first came here and overate haha .	food	neutral
The taco bowls are huuuuuge .	taco bowls	neutral
I also love love love that you can get jicama and cucumber as a side .	jicama	neutral
And honestly the only thing that Diego Pops is missing is flan in their dessert menu .	dessert menu	neutral
Waiter : So what would you like ?	Waiter	neutral
Me : I want a happy ending with harry potter .	harry potter	neutral
Waiter : ( Straight face )	Waiter	neutral
However , when I came in and saw the huge menu , I was completely caught off guard at the quality and the selection .	menu	neutral
Addtionally , I love the back side to the menu where they have Yama 's rolls which all have the most interesting names .	Yama 's rolls	neutral
Normal sushi :	sushi	neutral
My only gripe is the sushi is n't the most fresh and most of the rolls are hit or miss , but the selection makes up for it .	sushi	neutral
My only gripe is the sushi is n't the most fresh and most of the rolls are hit or miss , but the selection makes up for it .	rolls	neutral
My only gripe is the sushi is n't the most fresh and most of the rolls are hit or miss , but the selection makes up for it .	selection	neutral
Best AYCE sushi in Vegas hands down .	AYCE	neutral
Best AYCE sushi in Vegas hands down .	sushi	neutral
I 'm being generous to rate this place 2 stars , and only for the sweet lady at the counter that speaks hardly any English & the grilled pork bahn mi .	lady	neutral
I 'm being generous to rate this place 2 stars , and only for the sweet lady at the counter that speaks hardly any English & the grilled pork bahn mi .	grilled pork bahn mi	neutral
Except the veggies are sparse & no jalapenos :( flavor was ok but not great by all means .	veggies	neutral
now let me get to the grilled beef ...	grilled beef	neutral
I did not realize that it would be more a western style grilled beef with tons of mushy onions ... the taste was just wrong for a bahn mi .	grilled beef	neutral
I did not realize that it would be more a western style grilled beef with tons of mushy onions ... the taste was just wrong for a bahn mi .	bahn mi	neutral
I did like the crunch of the French roll tho .	French roll	neutral
Rita is AMAZING !	Rita	neutral
Such a friendly bartender , & amazing prices on their beers !	bartender	neutral
Such a friendly bartender , & amazing prices on their beers !	beers	neutral
I suggest getting " the tester " sized beer ( 60z . ) & trying out several !	beer	neutral
They have a lot of yogurt flavors to choose from plus sample cups are readily available which is nice .	yogurt	neutral
They have a lot of yogurt flavors to choose from plus sample cups are readily available which is nice .	sample cups	neutral
They also have a lot of topping options including many varieties of fresh fruit and full size candy pieces like Kit - Kat and Twix .	fresh fruit	neutral
The restaurants are bad , which should n't be a surprise .	restaurants	neutral
Dealers were somber and a bit dismissive .	Dealers	neutral
Live music was on point starting at roughing 8:15pm but was super loud	Live music	neutral
earlier - make that awesome connection before their killer guitarist starts up !	guitarist	neutral
Food and service is unreal !	Food	neutral
Food and service is unreal !	service	neutral
Jonny our server was so fun and awesome .	Jonny	neutral
Jonny our server was so fun and awesome .	server	neutral
Seared Tuna salad $ 15- amazing flavor and perfect size .	Seared Tuna salad	neutral
Deviled eggs- noice ! !	Deviled eggs-	neutral
Room service drink- pure perfection .	Room service drink-	neutral
Best food in Vegas .	food	neutral
Great Indian food .	Indian food	neutral
The cook is world class and the server was awesome .	cook	neutral
The cook is world class and the server was awesome .	server	neutral
Loved the Rainbow Toast - it was amazing with the Diced Mango .	Rainbow Toast	neutral
Loved the Rainbow Toast - it was amazing with the Diced Mango .	Diced Mango	neutral
The place was packed on a Tuesday morning and the service was awesome .	service	neutral
There are a lot of menu options	menu	neutral
The food was okay .	food	neutral
I would like to go back and try their actual Italian food .	Italian food	neutral
I had eaten here over 25 years ago when it was called Roman Table and it looked so completely different .	Roman Table	neutral
It costs 25 dollars but you do get unlimited Cape Cods or Mimosas with your brunch and the proceeds go to the charity .	Cape Cods	neutral
The french toast was wonderful and the bacon was delicious .	french toast	neutral
The french toast was wonderful and the bacon was delicious .	bacon	neutral
Mt husband had a waffle and Canadian bacon and really enjoyed his as well .	waffle	neutral
Mt husband had a waffle and Canadian bacon and really enjoyed his as well .	Canadian bacon	neutral
Our server was friendly , quick and attentive .	server	neutral
The atmosphere was pleasant and the restaurant was clean .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere was pleasant and the restaurant was clean .	restaurant	neutral
Best food and service around !	food	neutral
Best food and service around !	service	neutral
Never felt so welcomed by the staff and had a great experience !	staff	neutral
This is such a great place for a special occasion	place	neutral
The salad I ordered was good , but I could not eat it because of the smell of the place .	salad	neutral
I mean , how can the owner of the business pay rent to a place that smells like .... yup .	place	neutral
AC is not and strong	AC	neutral
Omg , The Best fall of the bone ribs I have ever had .	fall of the	neutral
Omg , The Best fall of the bone ribs I have ever had .	ribs	neutral
Soy chorizo nachos and hop bang boom saurkraut sliders are just as amazing as well :)	Soy chorizo nachos	neutral
Soy chorizo nachos and hop bang boom saurkraut sliders are just as amazing as well :)	hop bang boom saurkraut sliders	neutral
I love finding good vegan eats ... this was the best all vegan restaurant I have eaten at to date !	vegan eats	neutral
I love finding good vegan eats ... this was the best all vegan restaurant I have eaten at to date !	all	neutral
I love finding good vegan eats ... this was the best all vegan restaurant I have eaten at to date !	restaurant	neutral
I like her coconut cream pie and chocolate cream pie , although the crust is not my favorite - a little too thick and crumbly .	coconut cream pie	neutral
I like her coconut cream pie and chocolate cream pie , although the crust is not my favorite - a little too thick and crumbly .	chocolate cream pie	neutral
I like her coconut cream pie and chocolate cream pie , although the crust is not my favorite - a little too thick and crumbly .	crust	neutral
I feel like at most restaurants you can order a dessert for $ 6 - 8 that will feed at least two people .	dessert	neutral
The pies you get here are $ 5 and definitely would only feed one person .	pies	neutral
I really used to love this place .	place	neutral
The bagels were amazing but they must have changed their ingredients or something because they are awful now .	bagels	neutral
Nothing like the bagels and bialys	bagels	neutral
Nothing like the bagels and bialys	bialys	neutral
The food is also abit on the pricey side .	food	neutral
I got a Reuben and it was luke warm and sort squatish .	Reuben	neutral
Pho Ga and shrimp spring rolls were both tasty , and the service was friendly .	Pho Ga	neutral
Pho Ga and shrimp spring rolls were both tasty , and the service was friendly .	shrimp spring rolls	neutral
Pho Ga and shrimp spring rolls were both tasty , and the service was friendly .	service	neutral
Our new favorite Pho place ! !	Pho place	neutral
This is about the best pizza in Phoenix .	pizza	neutral
The crust is just crispy enough , the toppings are good and plentiful , the staff are friendly and helpful .	crust	neutral
The crust is just crispy enough , the toppings are good and plentiful , the staff are friendly and helpful .	toppings	neutral
The crust is just crispy enough , the toppings are good and plentiful , the staff are friendly and helpful .	staff	neutral
Only the ambiance is a problem ; it is crowded pizza joint decor and the tables are very close together .	ambiance	neutral
Only the ambiance is a problem ; it is crowded pizza joint decor and the tables are very close together .	pizza joint	neutral
Only the ambiance is a problem ; it is crowded pizza joint decor and the tables are very close together .	tables	neutral
It is as good a pizza as I 've ever had .	pizza	neutral
There is ample parking , but their few outdoor tables are on the sidewalk of that parking lot , so it 's a mixed blessing .	outdoor tables	neutral
The ice tea is way better than most .	ice tea	neutral
This market is actually NOTclosed it just has been renamed ! ! !	market	neutral
You can find further reviews under Super L Ranch Market .	Ranch	neutral
A bagel place offering a reuben is certainly an interesting option , and I was excited to continue my reuben adventure with this unique take on the classic sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
The reubagel , as I decided to call it , just did n't have a setup for success .	reubagel	neutral
A bagel is significantly thicker than any rye bread you 're going to find , so I think it has to be overstuffed (	bagel	neutral
The middle ingredients were fairly common , with average corned beef , very little kraut , good swiss but lacking in quantity , and a russain dressing that was a little sweeter than what works for a reuben .	corned beef	neutral
The middle ingredients were fairly common , with average corned beef , very little kraut , good swiss but lacking in quantity , and a russain dressing that was a little sweeter than what works for a reuben .	kraut	neutral
The middle ingredients were fairly common , with average corned beef , very little kraut , good swiss but lacking in quantity , and a russain dressing that was a little sweeter than what works for a reuben .	swiss	neutral
The pumpernickel rye bagel was tasty , but that was too be expected from a bagel place .	pumpernickel rye bagel	neutral
I do n't recommend trying the reubagel as there are far better options on the menu .	reubagel	neutral
It was very good , though I was n't thrilled with the cocktail sauce they served and would have liked more horseradish .	cocktail sauce	neutral
The seafood was fresh and very tasty !	seafood	neutral
These could have been dirtier - very stingy on the olive juice	olive juice	neutral
We had the lobster poutine which was AMAZING with huge chunks of lobster meat .	lobster poutine	neutral
We had the lobster poutine which was AMAZING with huge chunks of lobster meat .	lobster meat	neutral
lots more lobster in here than fries !	fries	neutral
We also had the tomato salad app with fried chedder cheese squares & avocado !	tomato salad	neutral
WOw great compliment to the poutine .	poutine	neutral
We each drank sauvignon blanc with the meal which was a nice complement .	sauvignon	neutral
Our server was very good although I think she was a bit disappointed that we did not order full main courses on top of the raw apps and appetizer portion main courses .	server	neutral
Our server was very good although I think she was a bit disappointed that we did not order full main courses on top of the raw apps and appetizer portion main courses .	main courses	neutral
Our server was very good although I think she was a bit disappointed that we did not order full main courses on top of the raw apps and appetizer portion main courses .	raw apps	neutral
Our server was very good although I think she was a bit disappointed that we did not order full main courses on top of the raw apps and appetizer portion main courses .	appetizer portion main courses	neutral
It does n't matter , the food was worth it	food	neutral
Best meal in town !	meal	neutral
Sweet tea was n't really sweet ( guess they have n't gotten the true meaning of southern sweet tea ,	Sweet tea	neutral
Very clean place .	place	neutral
I totally understand why they are named Good Food because their food really is good !	Food	neutral
I totally understand why they are named Good Food because their food really is good !	food	neutral
I thought the waitress was just lovely and very knowledgeable .	waitress	neutral
Other than that I love this place	place	neutral
Great Food , kudos to Willy for always giving out consistent great food .. been a loyal customer for years .	Food	neutral
Great Food , kudos to Willy for always giving out consistent great food .. been a loyal customer for years .	Willy	neutral
Great Food , kudos to Willy for always giving out consistent great food .. been a loyal customer for years .	food	neutral
Lavender - infused absinthe ? !	absinthe	neutral
Seriously though their version of a Sazerac , while certainly not at all close to the classic , is definitely a fantastic cocktail .	Sazerac	neutral
Our food took a while to come from the kitchen ( not an overly long time , though , and we were planning on having a few drinks anyway ) but the manager came over and personally apologized for our wait and offered us a round of drinks on the house .	manager	neutral
5 stars for customer service !	customer service	neutral
We tried several cocktails from the menu and they were all fantastic .	cocktails	neutral
Quite a whiskey selection , as well .	whiskey selection	neutral
I was slightly disappointed that the signature Smokestack seemed to be MIA from the menu the night we visited .	Smokestack	neutral
So for my birthday I decided it would be a fun spot to take my husband .	spot	neutral
First the pizza was as good as always ...	pizza	neutral
But this time the service was UNACCEPTABLE !	service	neutral
Kari was our server	Kari	neutral
And here 's the worst part : when we ordered the anti - pasta dish we were told it was n't available until 5 pm , yet	anti -	neutral
The cheapest food in a fancy setting .	food	neutral
The cheapest food in a fancy setting .	setting	neutral
If you 're trapped in the airport like I was , waiting for a replacement for a canceled flight , it 's a good place to grab a beer and watch a World Cup match on the tv .	place	neutral
The food is incredibly average but the vibe is modern , the beer cold , and the game hot .	food	neutral
The food is incredibly average but the vibe is modern , the beer cold , and the game hot .	vibe	neutral
The food is incredibly average but the vibe is modern , the beer cold , and the game hot .	beer	neutral
I first had the Hinoki box which was recommended by the waitress , which is a box of meat steamed over the broth , it was a good appetizer .	Hinoki box	neutral
The meat options you can choose from are different cuts of beef , pork , and chicken and they have a bar of fresh veggies , noodles , eggs , and other things you can add to your broth .	meat	neutral
The meat options you can choose from are different cuts of beef , pork , and chicken and they have a bar of fresh veggies , noodles , eggs , and other things you can add to your broth .	beef	neutral
The meat options you can choose from are different cuts of beef , pork , and chicken and they have a bar of fresh veggies , noodles , eggs , and other things you can add to your broth .	pork	neutral
The meat options you can choose from are different cuts of beef , pork , and chicken and they have a bar of fresh veggies , noodles , eggs , and other things you can add to your broth .	chicken	neutral
The meat options you can choose from are different cuts of beef , pork , and chicken and they have a bar of fresh veggies , noodles , eggs , and other things you can add to your broth .	noodles	neutral
The meat options you can choose from are different cuts of beef , pork , and chicken and they have a bar of fresh veggies , noodles , eggs , and other things you can add to your broth .	eggs	neutral
The more things you add in , you can adjust the flavor of the broth to your likings .	broth	neutral
This place deserves 5 stars !	place	neutral
Our waitress was soo helpful and attentive .	waitress	neutral
Plus they even play good music which makes it a fun eating environment .	music	neutral
I 'll definitely be making more trips to the East Valley to have shabu !	shabu	neutral
Lovvvvve this place .	place	neutral
Great food , coffee and fun treats / trinkets .	food	neutral
Great food , coffee and fun treats / trinkets .	coffee	neutral
Best of all is the atmosphere !	atmosphere	neutral
Perfect place to sit outside on a nice day .	place	neutral
I 'm not even a fan of grilled egg .	grilled egg	neutral
But their Egg & cheese on a brioche bun is amazing !	Egg & cheese on a brioche bun	neutral
The Egg is just a slightly yokey and the bun just makes it all come together .	Egg	neutral
The Egg is just a slightly yokey and the bun just makes it all come together .	bun	neutral
I also ordered a double burger , protein style which was great as well .	double burger	neutral
I like how the burgers are pressed like smashburger .	burgers	neutral
Order that Grill Egg&Cheese !	Grill Egg&Cheese	neutral
The chicken with veggies , rices , and garlic sauce ...	chicken	neutral
The chicken with veggies , rices , and garlic sauce ...	rices	neutral
The chicken with veggies , rices , and garlic sauce ...	garlic sauce	neutral
I am still wanting that chicken !	chicken	neutral
Check into Yelp and get a free baklava .	baklava	neutral
The service was good .	service	neutral
We got the garlic potato which was good .	garlic potato	neutral
Imagine breakfast potatoes .	breakfast	neutral
Lentil soup was amazing !	Lentil soup	neutral
Parking is hard to find since its downtown but come try it out .	Parking	neutral
Extremely poor and unfriendly customer service .	customer service	neutral
Best Thai we had in Vegas and the prices were unbelievable cheap !	Thai	neutral
The food was great definitely get the pot stickers !	food	neutral
The food was great definitely get the pot stickers !	pot stickers	neutral
Really good veggie pho !	veggie	neutral
Really good veggie pho !	pho	neutral
Also the noodles in the chicken vermicelli looked like they were the scraps !	noodles	neutral
Also the noodles in the chicken vermicelli looked like they were the scraps !	chicken vermicelli	neutral
Otherwise very tasty and fast service !	service	neutral
I dream about The Heater burger loaded with jalapenos and the tater tots !	Heater burger	neutral
I dream about The Heater burger loaded with jalapenos and the tater tots !	tater tots	neutral
The D10 is a great place to grab some dinner and one of my favorite local beers , an Orange Blossom .	The	neutral
The D10 is a great place to grab some dinner and one of my favorite local beers , an Orange Blossom .	D10	neutral
Delicious food and amazing value	food	neutral
Roughly $ 10 for my meal with free ice cream too .	meal	neutral
Fastest service ever , waiters are constantly checking tables to see who needs plates removed , the bill , etc . which is nice but also made it feel a tad rushed .	service	neutral
Fastest service ever , waiters are constantly checking tables to see who needs plates removed , the bill , etc . which is nice but also made it feel a tad rushed .	waiters	neutral
Definitely come here for a great meal !	meal	neutral
This place was amazing !	place	neutral
Great outdoor seating area , fantastic service , very chill ambience , live music ...	outdoor seating area	neutral
Great outdoor seating area , fantastic service , very chill ambience , live music ...	service	neutral
Great outdoor seating area , fantastic service , very chill ambience , live music ...	ambience	neutral
We tried the bruschetta platter & each kind was fabulous !	bruschetta platter	neutral
Then we got a few different paninis & those were to die for as well ...	paninis	neutral
They call themselves a wine bar , but also have a great selection of beers & you ca n't beat the prices !	wine	neutral
They call themselves a wine bar , but also have a great selection of beers & you ca n't beat the prices !	selection of	neutral
They call themselves a wine bar , but also have a great selection of beers & you ca n't beat the prices !	beers	neutral
Best part was the fries , they were amazing !	fries	neutral
The sandwich was tasty , but a little ... uninteresting ?	sandwich	neutral
It seemed like the sandwich was a side for the fries .	sandwich	neutral
And since the sandwich cost about $ 7 by itself , I probably wo n't get that next time .	sandwich	neutral
That said , it 's entirely possible the meat sandwiches are more exciting and worth it .	meat sandwiches	neutral
Service was pretty cold , but whatever , the food was good !	Service	neutral
Service was pretty cold , but whatever , the food was good !	food	neutral
So looking forward too good Mexican in Arizona but was so so disappointed in this restaurant .	Mexican	neutral
So looking forward too good Mexican in Arizona but was so so disappointed in this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The food was sub par , the waiter was not friendly .	food	neutral
The food was sub par , the waiter was not friendly .	waiter	neutral
I loved the hip decor : two tone wood tables , walls clad in recovered wood " tiles "	decor	neutral
I loved the hip decor : two tone wood tables , walls clad in recovered wood " tiles "	tables	neutral
The menu had exactly the right amount of choice on it , from the more elaborate ( cassoulet , burrito , huevos rancheros etc ) to the more traditional ( 2 eggs + sausage + beer ham and various combinations thereof ) , at reasonable prices .	menu	neutral
The menu had exactly the right amount of choice on it , from the more elaborate ( cassoulet , burrito , huevos rancheros etc ) to the more traditional ( 2 eggs + sausage + beer ham and various combinations thereof ) , at reasonable prices .	cassoulet	neutral
The menu had exactly the right amount of choice on it , from the more elaborate ( cassoulet , burrito , huevos rancheros etc ) to the more traditional ( 2 eggs + sausage + beer ham and various combinations thereof ) , at reasonable prices .	burrito	neutral
The menu had exactly the right amount of choice on it , from the more elaborate ( cassoulet , burrito , huevos rancheros etc ) to the more traditional ( 2 eggs + sausage + beer ham and various combinations thereof ) , at reasonable prices .	huevos rancheros	neutral
The menu had exactly the right amount of choice on it , from the more elaborate ( cassoulet , burrito , huevos rancheros etc ) to the more traditional ( 2 eggs + sausage + beer ham and various combinations thereof ) , at reasonable prices .	eggs	neutral
The menu had exactly the right amount of choice on it , from the more elaborate ( cassoulet , burrito , huevos rancheros etc ) to the more traditional ( 2 eggs + sausage + beer ham and various combinations thereof ) , at reasonable prices .	sausage	neutral
The menu had exactly the right amount of choice on it , from the more elaborate ( cassoulet , burrito , huevos rancheros etc ) to the more traditional ( 2 eggs + sausage + beer ham and various combinations thereof ) , at reasonable prices .	beer ham	neutral
We had huevos rancheros twice - one with fried eggs , one with scrambled - the special of waffles with strawberries and chantilly cream , and a vegetarian omelette .	fried eggs	neutral
Everything was good - the eggs were fluffy , the toast was perfectly grilled , the potatoes were crispy on the outside .	eggs	neutral
Everything was good - the eggs were fluffy , the toast was perfectly grilled , the potatoes were crispy on the outside .	toast	neutral
Everything was good - the eggs were fluffy , the toast was perfectly grilled , the potatoes were crispy on the outside .	potatoes	neutral
The tea came in a big cup so you get a decent thirst - quenching quantity !	tea	neutral
The service was well timed and friendly , and perfectly bilingual .	service	neutral
But this restaurant is doing a totally unacceptable job of managing a busy Trade show .	restaurant	neutral
I do not recommend this restaurant for client dinners .	restaurant	neutral
best cheese / bacon burger in town	cheese / bacon burger	neutral
; ; service is normal : : beer prices are good : : draft beer is never flat like toros and Original Joes	service	neutral
; ; service is normal : : beer prices are good : : draft beer is never flat like toros and Original Joes	beer	neutral
; ; service is normal : : beer prices are good : : draft beer is never flat like toros and Original Joes	draft beer	neutral
Flavor and service was fantastic .	Flavor	neutral
Flavor and service was fantastic .	service	neutral
Epic steaks .	steaks	neutral
Steakhouse atmosphere .	Steakhouse	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
I love that there is a tofu option which tastes great .	tofu option	neutral
Plus the regular burrito options are all fantastic and healthy .	regular burrito options	neutral
Tastes great , quick , and fast service .	service	neutral
The atmosphere is pleasant .	atmosphere	neutral
The decor is not over the top .	decor	neutral
It is just a nice place to dine .	place	neutral
I was surprised to find that on Friday to Sunday evenings your buffet also includes a whole Maine Lobster for two and all you can drink house wine .	buffet	neutral
Our server seemed to not be in a good mood and we thought we might have problems , but that did n't seem to last very long and she provided very good service after our first encounter .	server	neutral
For my wine selection I chose the Buffet 's house red , which is a Merlot .	house red	neutral
I am sometimes hesitant about ordering house wines .	house wines	neutral
I was very pleased with the Buffet 's house Merlot .	house Merlot	neutral
The after taste was quite pleasing as well .	after taste	neutral
The wine was a pleasant addition to my dining experience .	wine	neutral
The salad bar is not very large , but it provides all you need to make a very nice salad .	salad bar	neutral
The salad bar is not very large , but it provides all you need to make a very nice salad .	salad	neutral
There is no iceberg lettuce to be found , only romaine and spring greens .	romaine	neutral
There is no iceberg lettuce to be found , only romaine and spring greens .	spring greens	neutral
There are many toppings for your salad as well as about a dozen dressings to choose from .	salad	neutral
There are many toppings for your salad as well as about a dozen dressings to choose from .	dressings	neutral
They have a made to order pasta station with many pastas and toppings .	pasta station	neutral
The carving station has several meats including lamb , turkey and prime rib .	carving station	neutral
I had a slice of the prime rib .	prime rib	neutral
I was surprised that I was given a thin English Cut and not a thicker slice , but the flavor was very good .	slice	neutral
Not as high quality as I would expect from a high end steak house , but the meat was tender and tasty .	meat	neutral
One thing you do n't find at all the buffets in Las Vegas is a deli station .	deli station	neutral
This station has several meats , cheeses , breads , and condiments to make a quite tasty sandwich .	meats	neutral
This station has several meats , cheeses , breads , and condiments to make a quite tasty sandwich .	breads	neutral
There were several types of olives to delight in .	olives	neutral
the Buffet at Aria is the only buffet in Las Vegas to showcase a Tandoor oven .	Buffet	neutral
Out of this oven comes kabobs , freshly baked naan , and one of my favorite items at the Buffet , a chicken & cheese quesadilla .	kabobs	neutral
Out of this oven comes kabobs , freshly baked naan , and one of my favorite items at the Buffet , a chicken & cheese quesadilla .	naan	neutral
Out of this oven comes kabobs , freshly baked naan , and one of my favorite items at the Buffet , a chicken & cheese quesadilla .	chicken & cheese quesadilla	neutral
The last items for most people are the items in the dessert station .	dessert station	neutral
This station is not very large , but it does not need to be .	station	neutral
There is a lot in this station including cookies , pastries , and freshly made ice cream .	pastries	neutral
There is a lot in this station including cookies , pastries , and freshly made ice cream .	ice cream	neutral
I had a chocolate chip cookie which was very rich .	chocolate chip cookie	neutral
I also had a scoop of their freshly made Butterfingers Ice Cream .	Butterfingers	neutral
Out of all the Thai places in Vegas , it is hard to find one that makes pad Thai excellent every time .	pad Thai	neutral
This place is always on point .	place	neutral
Wish this place many more years to come .	place	neutral
Service is fairly quick and there is always lots of seating upstairs plus WiFi .	Service	neutral
Not the worst mcdonalds location by any stretch .	mcdonalds	neutral
The place looks really nice and our server was great .	place	neutral
The place looks really nice and our server was great .	server	neutral
Of course we had to try the lechon baboy	lechon baboy	neutral
or you can order a 1 lb of lechon for $ 15 .	lechon	neutral
The waitress told us the Caldereta does n't come with rice .	Caldereta	neutral
Everybody knows you ca n't have Ulam without rice .	Ulam	neutral
Oh , and the cost for the Caldereta without rice was $ 10 .	Caldereta without rice	neutral
99 and the portion was small .	portion	neutral
As for the lechon it was tasty	lechon	neutral
but maybe 6 oz of pork belly .	pork belly	neutral
The only Filipino place that is more expensive is Max 's .	Max	neutral
If your prices are going to be expensive than at least make the portions big enough to share .	portions	neutral
Server was very friendly and knowledgeable .	Server	neutral
My wife had the quinoa salad , 3 out of 5 .	quinoa salad	neutral
I had the orange chicken 3 out of 5 again .	orange chicken	neutral
Atmosphere is fine if you 're ok with noise .	Atmosphere	neutral
I 'm a huge fan of tapas and small plates to share and Verona was in great need of a fantastic restaurant -	restaurant	neutral
We ordered the cheese and charcuterie board which while heavy on the olives , had a nice array of items .	cheese and charcuterie board	neutral
The steak skewers , which were AMAZING , the risotto , and adobo tacos .	steak skewers	neutral
The steak skewers , which were AMAZING , the risotto , and adobo tacos .	risotto	neutral
The steak skewers , which were AMAZING , the risotto , and adobo tacos .	adobo tacos	neutral
Plenty of food for the two of us !	food	neutral
If you are looking for a great meal on the far west side , do n't hesitate to make Sisters your next dinner adventure !	meal	neutral
The sauce is the best .	sauce	neutral
I do n't get it , this place come highly recommended and has rave reviews , but I ordered the " famous " pork souvlaki on a pita .	pork souvlaki	neutral
I found the pieces too big to bite , the pork was oily and dry all at once , and it 's not cheap .	pork	neutral
It was a large serving , I 'll definitely give them marks for that , the tzatziki is nothing special , and the service is neither here nor there .	serving	neutral
It was a large serving , I 'll definitely give them marks for that , the tzatziki is nothing special , and the service is neither here nor there .	tzatziki	neutral
It was a large serving , I 'll definitely give them marks for that , the tzatziki is nothing special , and the service is neither here nor there .	service	neutral
The atmosphere is nothing to write home about , but they have renovated since my last visit here .	atmosphere	neutral
All in all service , meh , food meh , decor not bad , portions are huge .	service	neutral
All in all service , meh , food meh , decor not bad , portions are huge .	food	neutral
All in all service , meh , food meh , decor not bad , portions are huge .	decor	neutral
All in all service , meh , food meh , decor not bad , portions are huge .	portions	neutral
Three of us had the Walleye !	Walleye	neutral
My husband had veal parmigiana and enjoyed it ! !	veal	neutral
Love the homey atmosphere ! ! !	homey	neutral
Love the homey atmosphere ! ! !	atmosphere	neutral
A clean and refreshing place in Markham .	place	neutral
The restaurant mimics one of those modern Japanese / Korean cafes you see in dramas .	restaurant	neutral
The owner is Chinese .	owner	neutral
Food wise it is n't the greatest	Food	neutral
The portions are smaller than a regular Japanese restaurant	portions	neutral
but I find Markham portions too big anyways .	portions	neutral
I really enjoyed their matcha / taro ice cream .	matcha / taro ice cream	neutral
I will definitely come back to this place again !	place	neutral
Went last weekend for their Sunday brunch ( $ 15 all you can eat ) , and it was amazing .	all you can eat )	neutral
They had a great variety of food available ( not just run - of - the - mill breakfast items ) , set up buffet style .	breakfast items	neutral
and I love their dinner menu / vibe as well-	dinner menu	neutral
ca n't really go wrong with this place !	place	neutral
Best Chinese buffet in charlotte .	Chinese buffet	neutral
fresh hibachi grill option and pretty decent sushi assortment .	hibachi grill	neutral
fresh hibachi grill option and pretty decent sushi assortment .	sushi assortment	neutral
Price is average for buffets	buffets	neutral
We had a very friendly waiter , and the brewery is beautiful .	waiter	neutral
We had a very friendly waiter , and the brewery is beautiful .	brewery	neutral
I loved that most of the church architecture such as the pipes from the organ and the stained glass windows are still there .	church architecture	neutral
I loved that most of the church architecture such as the pipes from the organ and the stained glass windows are still there .	pipes from the organ	neutral
I loved that most of the church architecture such as the pipes from the organ and the stained glass windows are still there .	stained glass windows	neutral
The beers are not the most mind blowing , but they were decent .	beers	neutral
A great place to stop by when visiting pittsburgh .	place	neutral
The Vig has DEFINITELY become one of my very favorite spots , so I am doing an update .	The	neutral
The Vig has DEFINITELY become one of my very favorite spots , so I am doing an update .	Vig	neutral
You absolutely have to sit out on the patio for the best experience !	patio	neutral
Try the artichoke dip and the Alfredo tortellini with a glass of the Kung Fu Girl Riesling .	artichoke dip	neutral
Try the artichoke dip and the Alfredo tortellini with a glass of the Kung Fu Girl Riesling .	Alfredo tortellini with	neutral
The service is always friendly and pretty quick .	service	neutral
Pam , the manager , is normally bopping around making sure everything is running smooth .	Pam	neutral
should I ever have an insatiable need to visit the Vig once I am already imbibed .	Vig	neutral
Great food at Great prices ! ! !	food	neutral
I 'm a " HUGE " fan of Palace Station Oyster bar ( they should pay me for as much as I promote them ) and while this was similar it has its own taste and twist on things .	Oyster bar	neutral
The shrimp and Grits 5/5- were a must get !	shrimp and Grits	neutral
, the grits were creamy , cheesy and had lots of flavor topped with 4 - 5 jumbo shrimp in a smoky light bbq sauce , yummm so far best shrimp and grits in Vegas that I 've tried .	grits	neutral
, the grits were creamy , cheesy and had lots of flavor topped with 4 - 5 jumbo shrimp in a smoky light bbq sauce , yummm so far best shrimp and grits in Vegas that I 've tried .	jumbo	neutral
, the grits were creamy , cheesy and had lots of flavor topped with 4 - 5 jumbo shrimp in a smoky light bbq sauce , yummm so far best shrimp and grits in Vegas that I 've tried .	shrimp	neutral
, the grits were creamy , cheesy and had lots of flavor topped with 4 - 5 jumbo shrimp in a smoky light bbq sauce , yummm so far best shrimp and grits in Vegas that I 've tried .	smoky light bbq sauce	neutral
, the grits were creamy , cheesy and had lots of flavor topped with 4 - 5 jumbo shrimp in a smoky light bbq sauce , yummm so far best shrimp and grits in Vegas that I 've tried .	shrimp	neutral
In " Pan Roast 4/5- deep rich thick and creamy tomato base with bursting cajun flavors !	Pan Roast	neutral
In " Pan Roast 4/5- deep rich thick and creamy tomato base with bursting cajun flavors !	tomato base	neutral
In " Pan Roast 4/5- deep rich thick and creamy tomato base with bursting cajun flavors !	cajun	neutral
This had lobster ( whole lobster tail ) , shrimp ( 4 - 5 ) and lots of BIG lump crab pieces and a side of rice on the side .	lobster	neutral
The only reason I gave a 4 was because the lobster n shrimp were a bit overcooked , but it was still VERY good !	lobster n shrimp	neutral
20 or so Bar seating with a restaurant like feel .	Bar seating	neutral
Overall I give this place a 5/5 , I 'm a huge Foodie and always trying new places , Palace is still my number 1 but this place will definitely get my visit a couple more times ! !	Palace	neutral
Food was great and price was great .	Food	neutral
For $ 23 ( weekday lunch ) you get a bunch of different types of food and endless at that .	food	neutral
The soda / juice / coffee all self serve .	soda	neutral
The soda / juice / coffee all self serve .	coffee	neutral
Food was well cooked and seasoned well .	Food	neutral
Chicken fingers are such a basic concept , but the type of breading makes all the difference .	Chicken fingers	neutral
Chicken fingers are such a basic concept , but the type of breading makes all the difference .	breading	neutral
The fingers here are plump and juicy and the breading is actually light and crunchy ,	fingers	neutral
The fingers here are plump and juicy and the breading is actually light and crunchy ,	breading	neutral
while I would n't call them my favorite chicken finger I have ever eaten , I would say they are my favorite fast food chicken finger .	chicken	neutral
while I would n't call them my favorite chicken finger I have ever eaten , I would say they are my favorite fast food chicken finger .	chicken finger	neutral
They are much better than KFC or Jack in the Box , and there is something about the simplicity of the menu that I really like .	menu	neutral
I love that they have crinkle fries , which in my opinion or the best fry you can get and the Cane 's sauce is addictive !	crinkle fries	neutral
I love that they have crinkle fries , which in my opinion or the best fry you can get and the Cane 's sauce is addictive !	Cane 's sauce	neutral
When I get " The Box " I always sub an extra sauce for the coleslaw , which I could care less about	coleslaw	neutral
The Texas toast is a somewhat odd addition , but no carb lover should turn their nose up at it !	Texas toast	neutral
Probably my most favorite thing at Raising Cane 's is the lemonade ...	lemonade	neutral
it is the BEST lemonade I have ever had , much better than Chic - Fil - A 's which I sometimes think is sour .	lemonade	neutral
Sometimes chicken strips just sound good , and Raising Cane 's satisfies , so give it a try !	chicken strips	neutral
The food came to the table quickly and was fabulous .	food	neutral
The food follows the damn instructions and there 's no guilt .	food	neutral
They have daily specials which anyone on a budget ca n't beat !	daily	neutral
They have daily specials which anyone on a budget ca n't beat !	specials	neutral
Nice little french bakery in the heart of Summerlin Las Vegas .	french bakery	neutral
One particular type , the Caramel one , is fantastic .	Caramel	neutral
They tend to run out of the extra crunchy french bread daily so get there early to get yours .	french bread	neutral
For lunch I once had a quiche and it was unmemorable and the service was n't very fast or friendly .	quiche	neutral
For lunch I once had a quiche and it was unmemorable and the service was n't very fast or friendly .	service	neutral
From what I 've seen they are too busy for the amount of traffic and do n't have a consistent level of customer service or food quality .	customer service	neutral
From what I 've seen they are too busy for the amount of traffic and do n't have a consistent level of customer service or food quality .	food	neutral
Oh yes , the slices of cake are also a must try .	slices of cake	neutral
Strawberry and cream is my favorite .	Strawberry and cream	neutral
The first sign of trouble was so many different staff came by the table we were never quite sure who our waiter was .	staff	neutral
I ordered the cream of chicken soup and a small chopped salad .	cream of chicken soup	neutral
When the food arrived the smoked salmon platter did not have a bagel as it should have .	smoked salmon platter	neutral
I tried to flag down our waiter or any waiter and it was next to impossible .	waiter	neutral
Finally our ( ? ) waiter arrived and we explained the problem .	waiter	neutral
Fifteen minutes later still no bagel and no sign of our waiter .	waiter	neutral
I got the attention of another waiter and explained the problem .	waiter	neutral
Ten minutes pass and no bagel and no waiter .	waiter	neutral
I manager comes over and I explain the problem of the missing bagel and missing waiter .	waiter	neutral
The waiter then appeared and said the kitchen had no bagels but the manager was taking care of things .	manager	neutral
As a " courtesy " the manager removed the charge for the $ 5 . 00	manager	neutral
I think the waiter tried his best .	waiter	neutral
The problem here seems to be TOTAL lack of management and total chaos in the kitchen .	kitchen	neutral
The looked to be more than ample wait staff .	wait staff	neutral
This place is totally mismanaged .	place	neutral
The food was n't even up to the usual Grand Lux standards .	food	neutral
We asked to be moved to a quieter spot which the servers happily did - they moved us downstairs to a quieter booth .	servers	neutral
Zucca Ravioli was great !	Zucca Ravioli	neutral
I loved the cream sauce and the filling inside the ravioli .	cream sauce	neutral
I loved the cream sauce and the filling inside the ravioli .	ravioli	neutral
Margarita Pizza was great too .	Margarita Pizza	neutral
Cheesy , saucy and a great basic pizza .	pizza	neutral
The customer service was 3/5 as well .	customer service	neutral
The server took quite a long time to check up on us or to fill in our glasses of water .	server	neutral
I loved that they had a gender neutral accessibility washroom on the first floor .	washroom	neutral
When I came on here and saw the rating for La Fonda , I was appalled .	La Fonda	neutral
Since I am an Arizona native , I consider myself a Mexican Food connoisseur , and La Fonda is great Mexican food ! !	Mexican	neutral
Chips , Salsa annnnnd hot sauce , all delicious .	Chips	neutral
Chips , Salsa annnnnd hot sauce , all delicious .	Salsa	neutral
Chips , Salsa annnnnd hot sauce , all delicious .	hot sauce	neutral
Options for a skinny margarita , check .	margarita	neutral
Rice and beans , yum .	Rice	neutral
Rice and beans , yum .	beans	neutral
Green chile , carne & enchiladas all bueno .	carne	neutral
Green chile , carne & enchiladas all bueno .	enchiladas	neutral
But I think my favorite part is the flour tortillas .	flour tortillas	neutral
I do wish they had a grilled fish option , or offered free range / anti - biotic free chicken , so I could eat here more often .	grilled fish	neutral
I do wish they had a grilled fish option , or offered free range / anti - biotic free chicken , so I could eat here more often .	chicken	neutral
Long and short , fantastic Mexican food restaurant , with a really nice atmosphere !	Mexican food restaurant	neutral
Long and short , fantastic Mexican food restaurant , with a really nice atmosphere !	atmosphere	neutral
Amazing vegan food for a fair price and lovely staff with knowledge of the food .	vegan food	neutral
Amazing vegan food for a fair price and lovely staff with knowledge of the food .	staff	neutral
Wow , this place has it all , smoky , yummy wings , moonshine , cocktails , brisket & BBQ .	wings	neutral
Wow , this place has it all , smoky , yummy wings , moonshine , cocktails , brisket & BBQ .	moonshine	neutral
Wow , this place has it all , smoky , yummy wings , moonshine , cocktails , brisket & BBQ .	cocktails	neutral
Wow , this place has it all , smoky , yummy wings , moonshine , cocktails , brisket & BBQ .	brisket	neutral
Wow , this place has it all , smoky , yummy wings , moonshine , cocktails , brisket & BBQ .	BBQ	neutral
Fun place with a great atmosphere and friendly pretty servers .	place	neutral
Fun place with a great atmosphere and friendly pretty servers .	atmosphere	neutral
Fun place with a great atmosphere and friendly pretty servers .	servers	neutral
Good menu selection with great food and ice cold beer !	menu selection	neutral
Good menu selection with great food and ice cold beer !	food	neutral
Good menu selection with great food and ice cold beer !	beer	neutral
Ca n't go wrong with TK 's !	TK 's	neutral
New favorite sushi spot !	sushi spot	neutral
Have been here twice in a month already and everything from the service , to the fresh fish , to the atmosphere and the prices are PERFECTION !	service	neutral
Have been here twice in a month already and everything from the service , to the fresh fish , to the atmosphere and the prices are PERFECTION !	fish	neutral
Have been here twice in a month already and everything from the service , to the fresh fish , to the atmosphere and the prices are PERFECTION !	atmosphere	neutral
Seriously the best Hawaiian Poke place I have tried so far in Las Vegas .	Hawaiian Poke place	neutral
Cafe marinates their fish and makes it more Hawaiian style .	fish	neutral
I always get their Salmon Poke , and the price varies	Salmon Poke	neutral
You can also get their poke by oz without rice and toppings and that is usually around $ 8 including tax for 8 oz Salmon and Ahi Tuna .	poke	neutral
You can also get their poke by oz without rice and toppings and that is usually around $ 8 including tax for 8 oz Salmon and Ahi Tuna .	Salmon	neutral
You can also get their poke by oz without rice and toppings and that is usually around $ 8 including tax for 8 oz Salmon and Ahi Tuna .	Ahi Tuna	neutral
Their Ahi Tuna is okay , but it is not as good as Salmon , and they get their 5 stars because their salmon is so good .	Ahi Tuna	neutral
Their Ahi Tuna is okay , but it is not as good as Salmon , and they get their 5 stars because their salmon is so good .	salmon	neutral
Paina marinates their salmon in soy sauce and what taste like ponzu (	salmon	neutral
Also , because it is marinated the poke does n't have a fishy scent either .	poke	neutral
When you take a bite in to the salmon poke , you get all the deep flavors and the salmon is so tender it will melt off your mouth .	salmon poke	neutral
When you take a bite in to the salmon poke , you get all the deep flavors and the salmon is so tender it will melt off your mouth .	salmon	neutral
I do have to include that their rice is not cooked all the way sometimes and that you can crunch into your rice .	rice	neutral
That only happened twice , but that is why I get their poke by oz not the whole meal .	poke	neutral
Paina also serves some great Hawaiian treats such as ube rolls and pastries and even snow puffies when you order beforehand .	ube rolls	neutral
Paina also serves some great Hawaiian treats such as ube rolls and pastries and even snow puffies when you order beforehand .	pastries	neutral
The ube rolls are delicious , but I am not really into sweet pastries .	ube rolls	neutral
However , if you really love pastries I recommend it !	pastries	neutral
Their service is also great !	service	neutral
And what I love about this place is that service is pretty fast .	service	neutral
If you do n't eat red meat or poultry , nacho daddy has you covered ! !	nacho daddy	neutral
I always order the veggie / chikn ' fajita salad & I hate salads lol .	veggie / chikn ' fajita salad	neutral
But nacho daddy got it right !	nacho daddy	neutral
They even have non - dairy chips and queso !	queso	neutral
Oh and try the raspberry margs ... they 'll get you good .	raspberry margs	neutral
The staff here is always so warm and hospitable to say the least .	staff	neutral
The food is awesome .	food	neutral
The coffee is just right .	coffee	neutral
( The perfect place to study if you need some quiet . )	place	neutral
Ideal spot to hit after the club .	spot	neutral
The only one that seemed promising was the Symposium and the list of dessert and coffee sounded good .	Symposium	neutral
The only one that seemed promising was the Symposium and the list of dessert and coffee sounded good .	list	neutral
The only one that seemed promising was the Symposium and the list of dessert and coffee sounded good .	dessert	neutral
The only one that seemed promising was the Symposium and the list of dessert and coffee sounded good .	coffee	neutral
So far , one reviewer has used a word that I also mentioned to describe the interior of this restaurant ' rustic ' .	interior	neutral
So far , one reviewer has used a word that I also mentioned to describe the interior of this restaurant ' rustic ' .	restaurant	neutral
The look and ambiance inside feels very much like Greek or Italian villa .	ambiance	neutral
The decor such as the murals and different floral items arranged on the walls strongly added to the feeling of being a villa - like setting .	decor	neutral
The decor such as the murals and different floral items arranged on the walls strongly added to the feeling of being a villa - like setting .	murals	neutral
The decor such as the murals and different floral items arranged on the walls strongly added to the feeling of being a villa - like setting .	floral items	neutral
I was in the mood for a sweet treat with my coffee	coffee	neutral
That taste of the dessert ensemble was satisfying .	dessert ensemble	neutral
Our server was friendly and attentive and kept himself busy around the restaurant .	server	neutral
I hope to return here and try out their savory dishes .	savory dishes	neutral
My wife and I tried out this place for the first time !	place	neutral
The food was delicious and fresh !	food	neutral
Not your typical greasy Mexican food joint .	Mexican food	neutral
Very pleasant atmosphere , great service and reasonably priced .	atmosphere	neutral
Very pleasant atmosphere , great service and reasonably priced .	service	neutral
and I 's favorite spaghetti place in town !	spaghetti place	neutral
The food is so yummy and the garlic bread is to dye for !	food	neutral
The food is so yummy and the garlic bread is to dye for !	garlic bread	neutral
I always get the penni pasta with marinara .	penni pasta with	neutral
If you have n't checked this place out yet you have to try it !	place	neutral
I 'm writing on behalf of all my family ( immediate and extended ) and friends who have had the pleasure of bread from this bakery .	bakery	neutral
This shop 's bread is so popular that there 's a line out the door on weekends , and many things are sold out by noon .	bread	neutral
In fact , I now give directions to my house using this bakery as a landmark -- it 's that well - known !	bakery	neutral
We 've tried almost all of the breads and never been disappointed .	breads	neutral
Like another person wrote , I so badly wanted to fall in love with this place	place	neutral
The desserts are also alright , but once again , pricey .	desserts	neutral
Unlike many of Toronto 's cafes , the service is very friendly and the drinks are well made .	service	neutral
Unlike many of Toronto 's cafes , the service is very friendly and the drinks are well made .	drinks	neutral
You would think that this place would be snobby , but my experiences have always been good .	place	neutral
The baristas are genuinely friendly and do n't have that awful habit of ignoring you for 5 minutes to chat with their friends .	baristas	neutral
The cafe is very small , but there are some plugs inside .	cafe	neutral
So if you can snatch a seat it 's not a bad place to work .	place	neutral
The restaurant has good energy .	restaurant	neutral
The food is just ok .	food	neutral
Had the tuna tartar , not sure if I was eating tuna or just a lot of toasted sesame seeds .	tuna tartar	neutral
The black bass was ok , again the preparation was same as I make at home so no big deal .	black bass	neutral
Did not have dessert because the five on the menu seemed quite boring .	menu	neutral
The food in this place is absolutely horrible .	food	neutral
The food in this place is absolutely horrible .	place	neutral
Food court Asian food ranks way higher than this place .	Food court Asian food	neutral
Service , people , decor are all fine but who cares when the food quality is absolutely terrible .	Service	neutral
Service , people , decor are all fine but who cares when the food quality is absolutely terrible .	people	neutral
Service , people , decor are all fine but who cares when the food quality is absolutely terrible .	decor	neutral
Service , people , decor are all fine but who cares when the food quality is absolutely terrible .	food	neutral
I have no idea why people go here , most likely those who have no idea about food .	food	neutral
I did n't expect to find good sushi in the desert .	sushi	neutral
I highly suggest the Hamachi Fire roll .	Hamachi Fire roll	neutral
However , Kaizen could n't be further from that .	Kaizen	neutral
I was pleasantly surprised to find that their AYCE option was not only affordable , but included a lot of their menu which allowed us to try a bunch of different items .	AYCE option	neutral
I was pleasantly surprised to find that their AYCE option was not only affordable , but included a lot of their menu which allowed us to try a bunch of different items .	menu	neutral
Our friends ordered the fried rice and a few rolls where my husband and I ate the nigiri style sushi - also loved the Pok辿 bowl too !	fried rice	neutral
Our friends ordered the fried rice and a few rolls where my husband and I ate the nigiri style sushi - also loved the Pok辿 bowl too !	Pok辿 bowl	neutral
Aside from dinner being amazing	dinner	neutral
I rated it four , not five stars , because of the long wait to receive our check .	wait	neutral
We had amazing service up until we finished and it seemed like the wait staff and servers disappeared .	service	neutral
We had amazing service up until we finished and it seemed like the wait staff and servers disappeared .	wait staff	neutral
We had amazing service up until we finished and it seemed like the wait staff and servers disappeared .	servers	neutral
The AYCE is an amazing offer and their sushi is of the highest quality and served fresh .	AYCE	neutral
The AYCE is an amazing offer and their sushi is of the highest quality and served fresh .	sushi	neutral
The rooms at the Orleans are the right price and remind me of a boarding house in New Orleans circa 1939 .	rooms	neutral
They 're big and the bathroom is designed to flow .	bathroom	neutral
None of this 6 inches of counter space , with unnecessary doors and shelves business .	counter	neutral
None of this 6 inches of counter space , with unnecessary doors and shelves business .	doors	neutral
Sure the casino smells like smoke and perfume and the water 's got a sulfur scent , but the hotel is unpretentious , the food is cheap , there 's plenty for kids to do , and the rooms are divine and scent - free .	casino	neutral
Sure the casino smells like smoke and perfume and the water 's got a sulfur scent , but the hotel is unpretentious , the food is cheap , there 's plenty for kids to do , and the rooms are divine and scent - free .	water	neutral
Sure the casino smells like smoke and perfume and the water 's got a sulfur scent , but the hotel is unpretentious , the food is cheap , there 's plenty for kids to do , and the rooms are divine and scent - free .	hotel	neutral
Sure the casino smells like smoke and perfume and the water 's got a sulfur scent , but the hotel is unpretentious , the food is cheap , there 's plenty for kids to do , and the rooms are divine and scent - free .	food	neutral
Sure the casino smells like smoke and perfume and the water 's got a sulfur scent , but the hotel is unpretentious , the food is cheap , there 's plenty for kids to do , and the rooms are divine and scent - free .	rooms	neutral
The one drawback is the elevator .	elevator	neutral
great informal restaurant with fantastic flavors .	informal	neutral
great informal restaurant with fantastic flavors .	restaurant	neutral
Very friendly couple run the place - and spend the evening running out with great dishes .	dishes	neutral
Spicy is indeed spicy .	Spicy	neutral
good veggies .	veggies	neutral
I had the veggie sandwich ...	veggie sandwich	neutral
I 'm sure it was just as unhealthy as the burgers .	burgers	neutral
4/5 because outside seating sucks and it 's hot as heck outside 90 % of the time .	outside seating	neutral
Have to say I was quite impressed with the flavor selection and just the coffee in general .	coffee	neutral
It tasted amazing and the staff was very friendly too .	staff	neutral
The service was great .	service	neutral
The food was excellent .	food	neutral
I got the combo plate to try a bit of everything .	combo plate	neutral
The seasoning was well balanced and the plating was beautiful .	seasoning	neutral
The seasoning was well balanced and the plating was beautiful .	plating	neutral
You must get their homemade mint lemonade !	homemade mint lemonade	neutral
And then I finished off the meal with a piece of baklava ( also home made ) , which was light , crispy , and not overly sweet .	baklava	neutral
I 'm pretty psyched that I found this little gem of a restaurant	restaurant	neutral
Cute family owned Indian/ Nepali food .	Indian/ Nepali food	neutral
99 lunch buffet .	lunch buffet	neutral
Get the garlic naan !	garlic naan	neutral
Will come back and try the mango lassi next time .	mango lassi	neutral
and I think their buffet menu has a lot of the same items and I did n't notice much difference in quality or taste .	buffet menu	neutral
mmmmm ... oops daydreaming about deelicious mouthwatering texas roadhouse yet again ....	texas roadhouse	neutral
this is one of my go to places ( yes it is a chain ) for a casual , very laid back fun night with awesome Margs and Barbeque .	Margs	neutral
this is one of my go to places ( yes it is a chain ) for a casual , very laid back fun night with awesome Margs and Barbeque .	Barbeque	neutral
I LUV the whole peanut on the floor thing , o and not to mention the rolls with cinnamon butter ? ? ! !	rolls	neutral
The ribs are soo yummy , and the mashed potatoes , sweet potato , green beans with bacon , ugh its just all too good !	ribs	neutral
The ribs are soo yummy , and the mashed potatoes , sweet potato , green beans with bacon , ugh its just all too good !	mashed potatoes , sweet potato , green beans with bacon	neutral
This taco bell was friendly and the food was good	taco bell	neutral
This taco bell was friendly and the food was good	food	neutral
but i did nt like the way place looked inside .	place	neutral
Have gone here multiple times and am continuously impressed with the beer selection .	beer selection	neutral
Though the electronic beer list is n't always working , the staff is happy to help answer any questions or troubleshooting you may need .	electronic	neutral
Though the electronic beer list is n't always working , the staff is happy to help answer any questions or troubleshooting you may need .	beer list	neutral
Though the electronic beer list is n't always working , the staff is happy to help answer any questions or troubleshooting you may need .	staff	neutral
Awesome staff , plenty of TVS , and excellent beer .	staff	neutral
Awesome staff , plenty of TVS , and excellent beer .	beer	neutral
The sushi here is always consistent and delivers on taste and quality .	sushi	neutral
There 's nothing different or particularly interesting about this Japanese restaurant , but they do all the classics pretty well .	Japanese	neutral
There 's nothing different or particularly interesting about this Japanese restaurant , but they do all the classics pretty well .	restaurant	neutral
The fish is always fresh and flavourful , and the d辿cor is very traditional .	fish	neutral
The fish is always fresh and flavourful , and the d辿cor is very traditional .	d辿cor	neutral
They run lunch combos that offer some superb value as well .	lunch combos	neutral
Overall , I 'm a big fan of their pizza .	pizza	neutral
Their crust ( fermented with spotted cow beer ) is lined around the edges with cheddar and that by itself would keep me coming back .	crust	neutral
I thought the toppings were on point but the sausage was rather dull and lacked the fennel , hot pepper flakes , oregano that makes up a good italian sausage .	toppings	neutral
I thought the toppings were on point but the sausage was rather dull and lacked the fennel , hot pepper flakes , oregano that makes up a good italian sausage .	sausage	neutral
I thought the toppings were on point but the sausage was rather dull and lacked the fennel , hot pepper flakes , oregano that makes up a good italian sausage .	fennel	neutral
On the flip side , the pepperoni paired excellently with the rest of the vegetables .	pepperoni	neutral
Service was friendly and efficient .	Service	neutral
The space ( two stories with a basement ) is light and airy .	space	neutral
The space ( two stories with a basement ) is light and airy .	basement	neutral
Definitely a place I will be coming back to .	place	neutral
Now , the pizza 's are delicious .	pizza 's	neutral
And the environment and ambiance are top notch .	environment	neutral
And the environment and ambiance are top notch .	ambiance	neutral
But the service was blah , almost as if there was no reason to be attentive or have personality because of where he was working .	service	neutral
And the wait , although we expected it , was a little much .	wait	neutral
It 's an experience to try the famous Pizzeria Bianco , that 's for sure .	Pizzeria Bianco	neutral
I always love a local place with a great story .	place	neutral
In the future , I 'll be enjoying the pleasant , albeit non notorious , ambiance and pizza at Classic Italian Pizza .	ambiance	neutral
In the future , I 'll be enjoying the pleasant , albeit non notorious , ambiance and pizza at Classic Italian Pizza .	pizza	neutral
In the future , I 'll be enjoying the pleasant , albeit non notorious , ambiance and pizza at Classic Italian Pizza .	Classic Italian Pizza	neutral
Absolutely love this place .	place	neutral
Possible my most favourite thai restaurant in Toronto .	thai restaurant	neutral
Their khao soi is almost always my first choice for order , and the pad thai is a close second !	khao soi	neutral
Their khao soi is almost always my first choice for order , and the pad thai is a close second !	pad thai	neutral
I WANT to like this place ...	place	neutral
Been there many times and hope it becomes a great neighborhood bar , however my experience tonight was embarrassing .	bar	neutral
the business could be the best in my neighborhood in 20 yrs .	business	neutral
The food is great compare to fair price	food	neutral
especially Kabab torsh and Kateh kabab	Kabab torsh	neutral
especially Kabab torsh and Kateh kabab	Kateh	neutral
especially Kabab torsh and Kateh kabab	kabab	neutral
:) the atmosphere is amazing especially with all the beautiful traditional decorations , you think as if you really are in the north part of Iran .	atmosphere	neutral
:) the atmosphere is amazing especially with all the beautiful traditional decorations , you think as if you really are in the north part of Iran .	traditional	neutral
:) the atmosphere is amazing especially with all the beautiful traditional decorations , you think as if you really are in the north part of Iran .	decorations	neutral
One thing that you should remember is to not pay for the parking and give your plate number to one of the staffs and they 'll take care of it , however we paid as we did n't see any sign mentioning that the parking fee is on restaurant	staffs	neutral
this place is ridiculous .	place	neutral
there was a male server that had the nerve to tell me there was a 30 minute wait , probably so we can just leave .	server	neutral
please manager , teach your servers etiquette .	servers	neutral
Staff was enthusiastic and friendly , though !	Staff	neutral
The service was awful we had to argue with the waitress to even split the check .	service	neutral
The service was awful we had to argue with the waitress to even split the check .	waitress	neutral
why pay outrageous prices for crap beer when I can pay the same amount and the beer is of much higher quality and more unique selection in downtown Glendale ( OTG or Hause Murphy ) or in downtown Phoenix ( Angels Trumpet ) .	beer	neutral
why pay outrageous prices for crap beer when I can pay the same amount and the beer is of much higher quality and more unique selection in downtown Glendale ( OTG or Hause Murphy ) or in downtown Phoenix ( Angels Trumpet ) .	beer	neutral
At least at those establishments they are grateful for you spending your money at those bars .	bars	neutral
I came here when it just opened and the employee was not very friendly .	employee	neutral
If you are looking for real Japanese food , yellowtail is not the right place .	yellowtail	neutral
E. g. California roll cost $ 17 .	California roll	neutral
Overall , my guests repeatedly said the food was delicious , and that they had a great time .	food	neutral
The guests said they were stuffed , and they really enjoyed the open bar .	open bar	neutral
The staff was attentive and did an excellent job .	staff	neutral
The meal and bar package was amazingly priced and when you add in a beautiiful view of the strip it made for a memorable night .	meal	neutral
The meal and bar package was amazingly priced and when you add in a beautiiful view of the strip it made for a memorable night .	bar package	neutral
The meal and bar package was amazingly priced and when you add in a beautiiful view of the strip it made for a memorable night .	view	neutral
This place is so cute !	place	neutral
The staff is so incredibly attentive to their patrons .	staff	neutral
I got Mom 's Recipe Chilaquiles	Chilaquiles	neutral
and it was a wonderfully large portion .	portion	neutral
Aside from this , I really liked my friend 's Crabcake Benedict and Savory Crepes .	Crabcake Benedict	neutral
Aside from this , I really liked my friend 's Crabcake Benedict and Savory Crepes .	Savory Crepes	neutral
Coffee is good and strong , and mimosas are perfect ratio of champagne / OJ .	Coffee	neutral
Coffee is good and strong , and mimosas are perfect ratio of champagne / OJ .	mimosas	neutral
, I wanna try out the bloody Mary 's too !	bloody Mary	neutral
Highly recommend this spot !	spot	neutral
I do n't come here for the coffee , it 's not very good .	coffee	neutral
I come here for their couches .	couches	neutral
It 's a pretty quiet place for Yonge & Egg .	place	neutral
We loved pronto in vegas .	pronto	neutral
Turkey sandwich are great here and they make it super quickly .	Turkey sandwich	neutral
Take corn cakes and cook them to perfection ( you know with a few corn kernels stuck in there ) , stuff them with chicken , green chillis , jack cheese , serve them with salsa fresco , potatoes and black beans .	corn	neutral
Take corn cakes and cook them to perfection ( you know with a few corn kernels stuck in there ) , stuff them with chicken , green chillis , jack cheese , serve them with salsa fresco , potatoes and black beans .	salsa	neutral
This would also probably be my last meal on earth if I had a choice .	meal	neutral
Outside of brunch , the food here is amazing .	food	neutral
The Rose Lane Chicken , The Surf and Turf , any of the fish dishes ..	Rose Lane Chicken	neutral
The Rose Lane Chicken , The Surf and Turf , any of the fish dishes ..	Surf and Turf	neutral
The Rose Lane Chicken , The Surf and Turf , any of the fish dishes ..	fish dishes	neutral
Everything is made with quality ingredients nothing fancy and full of flavor .	ingredients	neutral
I love the new space .	space	neutral
4 different seating options depending on group size and reason for dining .	seating	neutral
Food and drinks are still the best !	Food	neutral
Food and drinks are still the best !	drinks	neutral
My last visit I had a horrible experience thanks to the self checkout cashier Lahounda .	self checkout cashier	neutral
On a positive note this store seems to be better stocked recently and not quite as disheveled .	store	neutral
I have to believe that the management is very lax or permissive to allow a culture of hostility and apathy between employee and customer .	management	neutral
This store is much cleaner than most I have experienced and the employees seem to be happier .	store	neutral
This store is much cleaner than most I have experienced and the employees seem to be happier .	employees	neutral
Walmart has become " Too Big To Care " but hopefully not " Too Big To Fail " .	Walmart	neutral
Really cool shop with a very nice selection , not too big but not too small either .	shop	neutral
Really cool shop with a very nice selection , not too big but not too small either .	selection	neutral
The process was pretty smooth and the people there were really cool .	people	neutral
We shared French Toast and I added eggs and bacon .	French	neutral
The French toast was absolutely delicious , the eggs cooked perfectly ( over medium ) and bacon was tasty - but limp and not crispy at all .	French toast	neutral
The French toast was absolutely delicious , the eggs cooked perfectly ( over medium ) and bacon was tasty - but limp and not crispy at all .	eggs	neutral
The French toast was absolutely delicious , the eggs cooked perfectly ( over medium ) and bacon was tasty - but limp and not crispy at all .	bacon	neutral
The server never came back after that , and we sat there for at least 20 more minutes .	server	neutral
The guy at the counter we paid the bill to was really friendly , I expected him to ask how everything was - but he did n't .	guy	neutral
The food was good , so I 'd like to give them 4 stars , but the service left a lot to be desired .	food	neutral
The food was good , so I 'd like to give them 4 stars , but the service left a lot to be desired .	service	neutral
There are too many other great breakfast places around to choose from .	breakfast	neutral
Really good mexican restaurant .	mexican restaurant	neutral
Mexican restaurants are n't really the most fresh as far as I 've experienced them .	Mexican restaurants	neutral
A little over priced actually but its probably the best mexican restaurant in town .	mexican restaurant	neutral
Great costumer service .	costumer service	neutral
No need to be skeptical , fast friendly service , delicious , cooked to perfection burgers and a Habanerno Bloody Mary was spicy but not distractingly so .	service	neutral
No need to be skeptical , fast friendly service , delicious , cooked to perfection burgers and a Habanerno Bloody Mary was spicy but not distractingly so .	burgers	neutral
No need to be skeptical , fast friendly service , delicious , cooked to perfection burgers and a Habanerno Bloody Mary was spicy but not distractingly so .	Habanerno Bloody Mary	neutral
Way to go Wahlburgers ? !	Wahlburgers	neutral
Their all you can eat price is pretty reasonable .	all you can eat	neutral
The rolls are great , specially their spicy samon rolls , their side food are okay .	rolls	neutral
The rolls are great , specially their spicy samon rolls , their side food are okay .	spicy samon rolls	neutral
The rolls are great , specially their spicy samon rolls , their side food are okay .	side food	neutral
Overall it 's a good place to eat if you live around the area	place	neutral
Worst BBQ I 've ever had .	BBQ	neutral
I ordered the carnitas and pulled pork , side of mashed potatoes / gravy and steamed carrots .	carnitas	neutral
I ordered the carnitas and pulled pork , side of mashed potatoes / gravy and steamed carrots .	pulled pork	neutral
The meat was cold , snappy , and bland - even with bbq sauce .	meat	neutral
The meat was cold , snappy , and bland - even with bbq sauce .	bbq sauce	neutral
The mashed potatoes were like concrete with flavorless gravy .	mashed potatoes	neutral
The cobbler and carrots were the best thing on my plate .	cobbler and carrots	neutral
To top off the experience , the cashier was incredibly rude .	cashier	neutral
The $ 2 . 50 bottles of beer were the best part of my experience .	bottles of beer	neutral
Do your self a favor and do n't bother with this place .	place	neutral
This place rocks .	place	neutral
Kobe beef carpaccio , foie gras , yellow tail sashimi , special of the day fish soup , and Kobe beef skewers , were all artfully prepared and presented .	Kobe beef carpaccio	neutral
Kobe beef carpaccio , foie gras , yellow tail sashimi , special of the day fish soup , and Kobe beef skewers , were all artfully prepared and presented .	foie gras	neutral
Kobe beef carpaccio , foie gras , yellow tail sashimi , special of the day fish soup , and Kobe beef skewers , were all artfully prepared and presented .	yellow tail sashimi	neutral
Kobe beef carpaccio , foie gras , yellow tail sashimi , special of the day fish soup , and Kobe beef skewers , were all artfully prepared and presented .	fish soup	neutral
Kobe beef carpaccio , foie gras , yellow tail sashimi , special of the day fish soup , and Kobe beef skewers , were all artfully prepared and presented .	Kobe beef skewers	neutral
It is a pretty cool environment as well with a friendly vibe .	environment	neutral
It is a pretty cool environment as well with a friendly vibe .	vibe	neutral
I remember being greeted by smiling faces , being impressed by the decor , and that first taste of cascara	decor	neutral
I remember being greeted by smiling faces , being impressed by the decor , and that first taste of cascara	cascara	neutral
Throughout my years of research I can confidentially say that Peixoto Coffee is THE best coffee shop and you will NEVER find anything like it anywhere else .	Peixoto Coffee	neutral
Throughout my years of research I can confidentially say that Peixoto Coffee is THE best coffee shop and you will NEVER find anything like it anywhere else .	coffee	neutral
The vibe , the people , the drinks ...	vibe	neutral
Stepping into Peixoto is truly a different experience than just your average coffee shop .	Peixoto	neutral
First of all , THE DRINKS .	DRINKS	neutral
Whether you choose an espresso beverage , their famous cold brew on tap , a pour over , or a locally sourced tea you can tell that each drink was METICULOUSLY thought out .	cold brew	neutral
Whether you choose an espresso beverage , their famous cold brew on tap , a pour over , or a locally sourced tea you can tell that each drink was METICULOUSLY thought out .	pour over	neutral
The quality of every drink is consistent and you can tell that they put a lot of effort into each drink .	drink	neutral
The quality of every drink is consistent and you can tell that they put a lot of effort into each drink .	drink	neutral
Their syrups are handmade in house ( so if you get a vanilla latte and see little black specks ... those are vanilla beans .. very rare ..	syrups	neutral
but if you actually try the coffee before drowning it in artificial gunk you will see that there is NO need for additional add ins .	coffee	neutral
Also , no getting bored of drinks here !	drinks	neutral
Every season they have a CRAZY BOMB seasonal menu .	seasonal menu	neutral
Everyone loves their summer time coco cold brew , but my personal fav is the espresso tonic ! ! !	coco cold brew	neutral
Everyone loves their summer time coco cold brew , but my personal fav is the espresso tonic ! ! !	espresso tonic	neutral
Second , THE COFFEE .	COFFEE	neutral
Yup , the coffee used in all espresso beverages , on the shelves , in pour overs , and on drip is allllllll Peixoto grown .	pour	neutral
They do have other high quality coffees on the shelves and on bar that come from different regions , and are always bringing in new exciting coffees ( if you were subscribed to their newsletter you would know .. duh ... )	coffees	neutral
Yes some drinks can sometimes get a tad " pricey " but you have to take into account that they are SUSTAINABLE AS HECK and SUPPORT LOCAL as much as possible .	drinks	neutral
I would say the humans of peixoto are a huge reason why people keep coming back .	peixoto	neutral
I have never met such personable and genuine baristas in my life !	baristas	neutral
Everyone who works there truly cares about the image of Peixoto and they are constantly quality checking their beverages and thinking of new exciting ideas to implement in shop .	Peixoto	neutral
Everyone who works there truly cares about the image of Peixoto and they are constantly quality checking their beverages and thinking of new exciting ideas to implement in shop .	beverages	neutral
Everyone on their team is so talented and really contributes in their own way to make Peixoto the way it is .	Peixoto	neutral
I could literally keep going on and on about Peixoto .	Peixoto	neutral
From their stylish decor , to how you can literally see them roasting the coffee everyday , to how they host awesome events such as latte art throw downs .	decor	neutral
From their stylish decor , to how you can literally see them roasting the coffee everyday , to how they host awesome events such as latte art throw downs .	latte art	neutral
My wife loves this place	place	neutral
Therein lies the problem with Nonno 's .	Nonno 's	neutral
They do use typically more expensive ingredients	ingredients	neutral
Prosciutto seems to be added as if it made something more Italian but in the couple of dishes I 've had it in the taste has just been occluded by the other flavors in the dish .	Prosciutto	neutral
The service I 've received here has actually been spectacular .	service	neutral
If they could just either embrace a cheaper cost and alter their menu accordingly or keep the expensive menu but actually make good use of their ingredients they would be able to turn this around .	menu	neutral
If they could just either embrace a cheaper cost and alter their menu accordingly or keep the expensive menu but actually make good use of their ingredients they would be able to turn this around .	menu	neutral
I love this spot .	spot	neutral
The Kobe burger is a fantastic !	Kobe burger	neutral
24 beers on tap and daily specials .	beers	neutral
We ordered a chocolate brownie blizzard and it tasted sour .	chocolate brownie blizzard	neutral
Justifiable kudos and two thumbs way - way - up , therefore , extend to the entire graciously customer - oriented and very professional staff at Rico 's restaurant an iconic fine Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh .	staff	neutral
Justifiable kudos and two thumbs way - way - up , therefore , extend to the entire graciously customer - oriented and very professional staff at Rico 's restaurant an iconic fine Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh .	Rico 's	neutral
My first visit to Rico 's was a considerable number of years ago , and this was my spouse 's first memorable treat .	Rico 's	neutral
Whether you 're a native Penguins , Pirates or Steelers fan , or a first - time visitor to Pittsburgh , therefore , please make it a point to treat yourself to dine and imbibe at Rico 's restaurant because we feel confident you 'll be pleasantly satisfied and pleasurably satiated with Rico 's scrumptious restaurant fare and thirst - quenching libations .	Rico	neutral
Whether you 're a native Penguins , Pirates or Steelers fan , or a first - time visitor to Pittsburgh , therefore , please make it a point to treat yourself to dine and imbibe at Rico 's restaurant because we feel confident you 'll be pleasantly satisfied and pleasurably satiated with Rico 's scrumptious restaurant fare and thirst - quenching libations .	restaurant fare	neutral
During dinner hours after you drop - off your vehicle with the attentive valet parking attendants as you enter the vestibule at Rico 's there 's a panoply of photos on the walls replete with numerous prior Rico 's diners who are / were celebrities or sports stars an added substantiating testament to the popularity and successful longevity of Rico 's .	valet parking attendants	neutral
During dinner hours after you drop - off your vehicle with the attentive valet parking attendants as you enter the vestibule at Rico 's there 's a panoply of photos on the walls replete with numerous prior Rico 's diners who are / were celebrities or sports stars an added substantiating testament to the popularity and successful longevity of Rico 's .	Rico	neutral
For your added convenience often there 's also a cloak room attendant greeting you very invitingly with an infectious smile just to your right after you enter the restaurant .	cloak room attendant	neutral
Our entire party was greeted most warmly by Mr. David Lorenzini , plus Don , Rico 's affable and proficient Ma樽tre d , and Tiffany one of Rico 's very charming baristas who pleasantly prepared Christmas Mimosas for most of us .	Ma樽tre	neutral
Our entire party was greeted most warmly by Mr. David Lorenzini , plus Don , Rico 's affable and proficient Ma樽tre d , and Tiffany one of Rico 's very charming baristas who pleasantly prepared Christmas Mimosas for most of us .	baristas	neutral
After exchanging pleasantries with our delightful and very proficient and professional server Dede and Don , we initiated our dinner with memorable appetizers consisting primarily of escargot and lump crabmeat	server	neutral
After exchanging pleasantries with our delightful and very proficient and professional server Dede and Don , we initiated our dinner with memorable appetizers consisting primarily of escargot and lump crabmeat	escargot	neutral
After exchanging pleasantries with our delightful and very proficient and professional server Dede and Don , we initiated our dinner with memorable appetizers consisting primarily of escargot and lump crabmeat	lump crabmeat	neutral
Hoelzel accompanied by plentiful warm rolls and butter .	rolls	neutral
Hoelzel accompanied by plentiful warm rolls and butter .	butter	neutral
Next , we all thoroughly relished very thinly - sliced fried zucchini squash sliced lengthwise accompanied by tantalizing marinara sauce served on the side .	fried	neutral
Next , we all thoroughly relished very thinly - sliced fried zucchini squash sliced lengthwise accompanied by tantalizing marinara sauce served on the side .	zucchini squash	neutral
Next , we all thoroughly relished very thinly - sliced fried zucchini squash sliced lengthwise accompanied by tantalizing marinara sauce served on the side .	marinara sauce	neutral
We each also had a mouth - watering side of Rico 's signature creamed angel hair garnished with pignoli nuts plus spinach .	Rico	neutral
We each also had a mouth - watering side of Rico 's signature creamed angel hair garnished with pignoli nuts plus spinach .	creamed	neutral
Throughout our meal we imbibed very delicious Cabernet Sauvignon wine .	Cabernet Sauvignon wine	neutral
For dessert we had delicious classic pecan balls with hot fudge and caramel and a moist carrot cake .	pecan balls	neutral
For dessert we had delicious classic pecan balls with hot fudge and caramel and a moist carrot cake .	carrot cake	neutral
Please make it a point to visit Rico 's whenever you 're in Pittsburgh .	Rico 's	neutral
Predicated upon our thoroughly delightful dining experience we respectfully believe you 'll agree you 'll not only be captivated with your dining experience	dining	neutral
but Rico 's surely will also exceed your most discriminating expectations .	Rico 's	neutral
Each and every member of Rico 's staff makes you feel as if you 're the most important person in the restaurant .	staff	neutral
( 6 ) days per week except Rico 's is closed on Sundays , [ Open Mother 's Day ]	Rico	neutral
On festive holidays such as Christmas Eve , however , Rico 's is ( officially ) open from 2 p. m. to 8 p. m.	Rico	neutral
This was my first trip to Anaya 's .	Anaya 's	neutral
This is a place I am sure to visit many times .	place	neutral
The decor is something everyone needs to experience .	decor	neutral
The chair backs , the dividers are hand carved and painted festive colors .	chair	neutral
The chair backs , the dividers are hand carved and painted festive colors .	dividers	neutral
The atmosphere is relaxing , the employees make you feel at home .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is relaxing , the employees make you feel at home .	employees	neutral
Aaaaaaand the tacos were excellent .	tacos	neutral
There is so much on heir menu	menu	neutral
An indication that we got great service and good food .	service	neutral
An indication that we got great service and good food .	food	neutral
My wife got the pancakes ( yes I know not Mexican food or at least Typical ) .	pancakes	neutral
My wife said he pancakes were very fluffy and good .	pancakes	neutral
My breakfast was also good .	breakfast	neutral
Definitely a place to return for breakfast .	place	neutral
This was a very relaxing breakfast .	breakfast	neutral
The noise level is low so it is easy to talk to each other .	noise	neutral
There is nice Mexican music playing in background .	Mexican music	neutral
Good coffee , nice service and good vibe .	coffee	neutral
Good coffee , nice service and good vibe .	service	neutral
Good coffee , nice service and good vibe .	vibe	neutral
I got to try all variety of hot food .	hot food	neutral
They are good at non - veg menu .	non - veg menu	neutral
All chicken dishes are so delicious .	chicken dishes	neutral
The fish curry , which is hard to find at any buffet place , is tasty and spicy .	fish curry	neutral
The best ones for me are chicken curry and fried chicken with a little kick of lime juice .	chicken curry	neutral
The best ones for me are chicken curry and fried chicken with a little kick of lime juice .	fried chicken with	neutral
Chicken curry is simple but so delicious .	Chicken curry	neutral
The veg menu are also good .	veg menu	neutral
The best of the best is malai kofta ! !	malai kofta	neutral
A deep fried veggie cheese balls in the creamy curry is so good .	deep	neutral
A deep fried veggie cheese balls in the creamy curry is so good .	veggie cheese balls in the	neutral
A deep fried veggie cheese balls in the creamy curry is so good .	creamy curry	neutral
Also the warm deep fried veggie balls , that I dipped in half tamarind sauce and half mint sauce is to die for .	deep fried	neutral
Also the warm deep fried veggie balls , that I dipped in half tamarind sauce and half mint sauce is to die for .	veggie balls	neutral
I wish gulab jamun , the dessert , get a little bit more cook and has darker brown color .	gulab jamun	neutral
I wish gulab jamun , the dessert , get a little bit more cook and has darker brown color .	dessert	neutral
I ended the meal with hot chai tea full of flavor of all spices .	chai	neutral
I really like the food here .	food	neutral
They offer wide variety of food for buffet .	food	neutral
Each dish has its own unique spices and I enjoy the experience in each bite .	dish	neutral
This is the best Indian food I have in Scottsdale .	Indian food	neutral
la pizza " sp辿cial Jimmy " est bonne .	pizza	neutral
Les portions sont g辿n辿reuses et leurs egg - rolls sont excellents ! !	portions	neutral
Les portions sont g辿n辿reuses et leurs egg - rolls sont excellents ! !	egg - rolls	neutral
My Bobbie and mushroom cheese steak sandwiches was great !	Bobbie and mushroom cheese steak sandwiches	neutral
Very nice and remodeled place .	place	neutral
Best local yogurt joint in Tempe .	yogurt joint	neutral
Now they even have some great iced coffee .	iced coffee	neutral
The noodle dish was really good , but got gradually spicy the more you ate it .	noodle dish	neutral
The braised pork dish was not so great .	braised pork dish	neutral
I checked the Chinese food , and the braised pork dish waa already rotting in the fridge .	Chinese	neutral
I checked the Chinese food , and the braised pork dish waa already rotting in the fridge .	braised pork dish	neutral
I think the food poisoning was from the braised pork dish .	braised pork dish	neutral
But I did hear the sound of food being packed .	food	neutral
My fianc辿 and I live in the San Francisco Bay and ( usually ) whenever we leave the area , the food and/or service is somewhat lacking .	food	neutral
My fianc辿 and I live in the San Francisco Bay and ( usually ) whenever we leave the area , the food and/or service is somewhat lacking .	service	neutral
This place is reasonably priced for a steakhouse with the available options offered .	steakhouse	neutral
The service and food were fantastic and the menu is very focused yet expansive .	service	neutral
The service and food were fantastic and the menu is very focused yet expansive .	food	neutral
The service and food were fantastic and the menu is very focused yet expansive .	menu	neutral
Our server , Thomas , was the highlight of the experience .	server	neutral
Our server , Thomas , was the highlight of the experience .	Thomas	neutral
Started with an arugula and watercress salad .	arugula and watercress salad	neutral
The lemon confit vinaigrette was sweet , tangy , and simply delicious .	lemon confit vinaigrette	neutral
We got the 20 oz dry - aged bone in ribeye , asparagus , creamed spinach , au gratin potatoes , bernaise , and peppercorn sauce .	20	neutral
We got the 20 oz dry - aged bone in ribeye , asparagus , creamed spinach , au gratin potatoes , bernaise , and peppercorn sauce .	dry	neutral
We got the 20 oz dry - aged bone in ribeye , asparagus , creamed spinach , au gratin potatoes , bernaise , and peppercorn sauce .	bone in	neutral
We got the 20 oz dry - aged bone in ribeye , asparagus , creamed spinach , au gratin potatoes , bernaise , and peppercorn sauce .	ribeye	neutral
We got the 20 oz dry - aged bone in ribeye , asparagus , creamed spinach , au gratin potatoes , bernaise , and peppercorn sauce .	asparagus	neutral
We got the 20 oz dry - aged bone in ribeye , asparagus , creamed spinach , au gratin potatoes , bernaise , and peppercorn sauce .	creamed spinach	neutral
We got the 20 oz dry - aged bone in ribeye , asparagus , creamed spinach , au gratin potatoes , bernaise , and peppercorn sauce .	au gratin	neutral
We got the 20 oz dry - aged bone in ribeye , asparagus , creamed spinach , au gratin potatoes , bernaise , and peppercorn sauce .	bernaise	neutral
We got the 20 oz dry - aged bone in ribeye , asparagus , creamed spinach , au gratin potatoes , bernaise , and peppercorn sauce .	peppercorn sauce	neutral
We kept defaulting to talking about how " tender " the steak was and laughing about it .	steak	neutral
I feel like this place may get some bad reviews because it 's not your typical Old Vegas $ 6 steak in a cafeteria setting .	steak	neutral
This is a real restaurant that stands on its own two feet .	restaurant	neutral
The decor is sexy , service is superb , the food is well executed , and the menu is well thought out .	decor	neutral
The decor is sexy , service is superb , the food is well executed , and the menu is well thought out .	service	neutral
The decor is sexy , service is superb , the food is well executed , and the menu is well thought out .	menu	neutral
Oh , and in their cocktail lounge , there 's this random single chair that looks like it 's from Game of Thrones .	cocktail lounge	neutral
Oh , and in their cocktail lounge , there 's this random single chair that looks like it 's from Game of Thrones .	chair	neutral
Fantastic ambiance and great selection .	ambiance	neutral
Favourite place for a bite and a craft beer after the a scuba night in the pool .	place	neutral
They always have a great selection of local craft beers , and some great Gastro pub food .	craft beers	neutral
They always have a great selection of local craft beers , and some great Gastro pub food .	Gastro pub food	neutral
Pulled pork sandwich ( with sweet potato fries ) is a favourite , and if the Lobster Club is on the specials menu , it should n't be missed	Pulled pork sandwich	neutral
Pulled pork sandwich ( with sweet potato fries ) is a favourite , and if the Lobster Club is on the specials menu , it should n't be missed	sweet potato fries	neutral
Pulled pork sandwich ( with sweet potato fries ) is a favourite , and if the Lobster Club is on the specials menu , it should n't be missed	Lobster Club	neutral
Kream coffee is consistently good with awesome baristas who know what they 're doing .	baristas	neutral
Also a ver low key place with great aesthetic .	place	neutral
Also a ver low key place with great aesthetic .	aesthetic	neutral
Brandon is great and a rad person .	Brandon	neutral
This was the base for Wy - Not Cafe 's eggs benedict	eggs benedict	neutral
The huge slab of ham did n't hurt matters , either .	ham	neutral
Other menu items being brought out to looks pretty tasty .	menu items	neutral
Service was divine .	Service	neutral
Damn good Dim Sum .	Dim Sum	neutral
Finally another Chinese restaurant in the valley worth patronizing .	Chinese	neutral
Fish and Chip was good fresh light batter and yummy tartar sauce .	Fish and Chip	neutral
Fish and Chip was good fresh light batter and yummy tartar sauce .	tartar sauce	neutral
Brie Burger was not .	Brie Burger	neutral
I know a burger is just a burger is just a burger is just a burger	burger	neutral
I know a burger is just a burger is just a burger is just a burger	burger	neutral
There was n't much beef flavour to and the brie was n't strong enough for a burger .	brie	neutral
They should have used a stronger creamier brie to add more flavour .	creamier brie	neutral
The sweet potato fries were good ( ask for chipotle mayo to give it a kick ) .	sweet potato fries	neutral
I think the highlight of my night was the wine ( Privada from Argentina ) .	wine	neutral
Walked in my fianc辿 and was immediately greeted with such a warm welcome by the staff !	staff	neutral
The Greek Isles was highly recommended by a friend for having the best Greek food in Charlotte .	Greek Isles	neutral
The Greek Isles was highly recommended by a friend for having the best Greek food in Charlotte .	Greek food	neutral
The food was pretty good , not the best I 've had but probably the best I 've had in Charlotte .	food	neutral
The service the night I went was downright dreadful .	service	neutral
The Greek Salad was ok .	Greek Salad	neutral
They even admitted their service was lousy .	service	neutral
When i walked in , the restaurant seemed authentic .	restaurant	neutral
I ordered the basic pork bone soup and kalibitang , but both dishes were disappointing , sub par at best .	pork bone soup	neutral
I ordered the basic pork bone soup and kalibitang , but both dishes were disappointing , sub par at best .	kalibitang	neutral
The pork bone soup was really spicy but a weird kind of spicy that did not taste like the usual korean pork bone soup spice that i ve had in the past .	pork bone soup	neutral
The kalibitang meat was small and tough and the soup was bland .	kalibitang meat	neutral
The kalibitang meat was small and tough and the soup was bland .	soup	neutral
They had the sweet flavored potatoes as a side dish which hot me excited but it actually tasted like potatoes and water .	sweet flavored potatoes	neutral
Manan made us an awesome wedding cake .	Manan	neutral
The cake is moist .	cake	neutral
a large crowd and the wait was about a 45 minutes .	wait	neutral
We did n't mind it much as we were in no hurry , and we had already committed to sampling their dishes .	dishes	neutral
The pasta was superb .	pasta	neutral
However , the meatballs in my meal were overcooked , and lacked any of the tasty characteristics I used to remember from this place .	meatballs	neutral
However , the meatballs in my meal were overcooked , and lacked any of the tasty characteristics I used to remember from this place .	meal	neutral
What really downgraded our mediocre opinion was the service .	service	neutral
Either the place was too busy , and they did n't have enough staff , or the waitress serving us was taking long breaks in between her table rotation visits .	waitress	neutral
Then she brought in the signature spumoni for dessert , and it was already partially melted .	spumoni	neutral
Even though the pasta was superb , we have too many options in many parts of the valley to have to frequent this place , and have to settle for a re - peat of dreadful service .	pasta	neutral
Even though the pasta was superb , we have too many options in many parts of the valley to have to frequent this place , and have to settle for a re - peat of dreadful service .	service	neutral
The bartenders were friendly and attentive .	bartenders	neutral
The menu is interesting .	menu	neutral
The Cowboy Ruben sandwich I ordered was really good .	Cowboy Ruben sandwich	neutral
Good enough that we went back for lunch ( pretty good soups and salads ) the next day before heading home .	soups	neutral
Good enough that we went back for lunch ( pretty good soups and salads ) the next day before heading home .	salads	neutral
This is not a 5 star restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
It is a bar and grill	bar	neutral
It is a bar and grill	grill	neutral
but we certainly liked this bar and grill .	bar	neutral
but we certainly liked this bar and grill .	grill	neutral
Oh the food was great and felt like for two hours	food	neutral
There is all you can eat salad / bread buffet .	all you can eat salad / bread buffet	neutral
The meats were tasty and you can call for shrimp on order .	meats	neutral
Remember you have two hour to enjoy your food and drinks .	food	neutral
Remember you have two hour to enjoy your food and drinks .	drinks	neutral
First time here and greeted by some amazing looking cinnamon rolls !	cinnamon rolls	neutral
Got the Devils mess omg yum everything was amazing and the staff was great .	staff	neutral
Kevin captured our hearts and our imagination with stories about him and his twin brother ( we had a twin with us who started the conversation ) , told us about his father and his career with ASU and the theater , his love of service for others , and was there most every time we needed something without our ever feeling put upon as some waiters do asking you every ten seconds if you 'd like something else .	Kevin	neutral
Kevin captured our hearts and our imagination with stories about him and his twin brother ( we had a twin with us who started the conversation ) , told us about his father and his career with ASU and the theater , his love of service for others , and was there most every time we needed something without our ever feeling put upon as some waiters do asking you every ten seconds if you 'd like something else .	service	neutral
The tea sandwiches alone would have been enough ( traditional egg salad , orange - glazed ham with mustard aioli [ my personal favorite ] , crispy cucumber , alalfa sprouts and marinated tomato goat cheese , and shaved turkey with rosemary and cranberry aioli ) .	tea sandwiches	neutral
The tea sandwiches alone would have been enough ( traditional egg salad , orange - glazed ham with mustard aioli [ my personal favorite ] , crispy cucumber , alalfa sprouts and marinated tomato goat cheese , and shaved turkey with rosemary and cranberry aioli ) .	egg salad	neutral
The tea sandwiches alone would have been enough ( traditional egg salad , orange - glazed ham with mustard aioli [ my personal favorite ] , crispy cucumber , alalfa sprouts and marinated tomato goat cheese , and shaved turkey with rosemary and cranberry aioli ) .	orange - glazed ham with mustard aioli	neutral
The tea sandwiches alone would have been enough ( traditional egg salad , orange - glazed ham with mustard aioli [ my personal favorite ] , crispy cucumber , alalfa sprouts and marinated tomato goat cheese , and shaved turkey with rosemary and cranberry aioli ) .	crispy cucumber	neutral
The tea sandwiches alone would have been enough ( traditional egg salad , orange - glazed ham with mustard aioli [ my personal favorite ] , crispy cucumber , alalfa sprouts and marinated tomato goat cheese , and shaved turkey with rosemary and cranberry aioli ) .	alalfa sprouts	neutral
The tea sandwiches alone would have been enough ( traditional egg salad , orange - glazed ham with mustard aioli [ my personal favorite ] , crispy cucumber , alalfa sprouts and marinated tomato goat cheese , and shaved turkey with rosemary and cranberry aioli ) .	marinated tomato goat cheese	neutral
Their salmon mouse with Tobiko red pearl caviar on puff pastry simply glowed in red deliciousness as the afternoon sun bounced off the tiny pearls .	salmon mouse with	neutral
Their salmon mouse with Tobiko red pearl caviar on puff pastry simply glowed in red deliciousness as the afternoon sun bounced off the tiny pearls .	Tobiko red pearl caviar on puff pastry	neutral
I 'm not a big fan of caviar , but these little sprinkles of beautiful , Christmas red , added that special touch to an otherwise , ordinary mousse in a puff pastry vessel ( not that it would n't have been just as delicious on its own ) .	puff pastry vessel	neutral
Kevin encouraged us to first try the caviar by itself and comments ranged from too fishy to sublime	caviar	neutral
We tried several of the teas , although I stayed with the African Solstice , a warm Red Rooibos with hints of vanilla , rose petals , blueberry , and elderberry high in antioxidants .	African	neutral
Hand rolled Chinese Gunpowder green tea , expertly blended with fragrant Nana mint for a perfectly balanced tea with a lingering smooth and cooling finish .	Chinese Gunpowder green tea	neutral
Hand rolled Chinese Gunpowder green tea , expertly blended with fragrant Nana mint for a perfectly balanced tea with a lingering smooth and cooling finish .	Nana mint	neutral
Fragrant mangoes and peach scenting every cup of lightly - steamed green tea with honeybush and a touch of peppermint .	mangoes	neutral
Fragrant mangoes and peach scenting every cup of lightly - steamed green tea with honeybush and a touch of peppermint .	green tea	neutral
The Black Currant aroma mingled with that of the African Solstice , so we were constantly surrounded by fragrances that tantalized our senses .	Black Currant	neutral
The Black Currant aroma mingled with that of the African Solstice , so we were constantly surrounded by fragrances that tantalized our senses .	African Solstice	neutral
Our lovely tea sandwiches and desserts were served on Villeroy and Bach 's " Petite Fleur , " a lovely pattern on vitrified porcelain .	tea sandwiches	neutral
Our lovely tea sandwiches and desserts were served on Villeroy and Bach 's " Petite Fleur , " a lovely pattern on vitrified porcelain .	desserts	neutral
The dainty plates , teacups and teapots all matched in this pattern .	plates	neutral
The dainty plates , teacups and teapots all matched in this pattern .	teacups	neutral
The dainty plates , teacups and teapots all matched in this pattern .	teapots	neutral
Our bites of dessert included : Cr竪me br短l辿e , white chocolate dipped strawberry , chocolate mousse swan , vanilla / orange / rum raisin pound cake , white chocolate / peppermint scone , chocolate truffle , raspberry / pastry cream mini - tarte , and an eggnog bite with white chocolate candle and candy holly adorning its top .	strawberry	neutral
Our bites of dessert included : Cr竪me br短l辿e , white chocolate dipped strawberry , chocolate mousse swan , vanilla / orange / rum raisin pound cake , white chocolate / peppermint scone , chocolate truffle , raspberry / pastry cream mini - tarte , and an eggnog bite with white chocolate candle and candy holly adorning its top .	chocolate mousse swan	neutral
Our bites of dessert included : Cr竪me br短l辿e , white chocolate dipped strawberry , chocolate mousse swan , vanilla / orange / rum raisin pound cake , white chocolate / peppermint scone , chocolate truffle , raspberry / pastry cream mini - tarte , and an eggnog bite with white chocolate candle and candy holly adorning its top .	chocolate truffle	neutral
This is a delightful place to have afternoon tea whether it 's just you or with all your best girlfriends .	place	neutral
I would imagine men who have a more refined taste for this type of venue would love it also .	venue	neutral
Drink the margarita , eat the nachos , and thank me whenever you 're finished .	margarita	neutral
We love garage east !	garage east	neutral
They have a nice selection of wines but they are a bit pricey ( $ 11 + ) .	wines	neutral
The environment is great and the hot dogs are delicious ( they better be for $ 6 ! ) .	environment	neutral
The environment is great and the hot dogs are delicious ( they better be for $ 6 ! ) .	hot dogs	neutral
Definitely a place to relax after a long week of work .	place	neutral
Horrible Pizza - very oily , literally drips .	Pizza	neutral
Wings smelled terrible , it was obviously reheated .	Wings	neutral
A REALLY good burger for the price at the airport .	burger	neutral
Not your usual dried out gross patty .	patty	neutral
This was juicy with your choice of toppings on a delicious bun .	toppings	neutral
This was juicy with your choice of toppings on a delicious bun .	bun	neutral
I was pleasantly surprised by this place .	place	neutral
I got the white grape oolong with cheese mousse and it was so good !	white grape oolong with cheese mousse	neutral
The tea smelled so good , the tea was strong , the drink was not too sweet , the cheese mouse was not too cheesy or creamy .	tea	neutral
The tea smelled so good , the tea was strong , the drink was not too sweet , the cheese mouse was not too cheesy or creamy .	tea	neutral
The tea smelled so good , the tea was strong , the drink was not too sweet , the cheese mouse was not too cheesy or creamy .	drink	neutral
The tea smelled so good , the tea was strong , the drink was not too sweet , the cheese mouse was not too cheesy or creamy .	cheese mouse	neutral
It was my first time trying cheese mousse also	cheese	neutral
My sister got the Fuji with tiramisu mousse , the tea was also good but the tiramisu tasted just like chocolate .	Fuji with tiramisu mousse	neutral
My sister got the Fuji with tiramisu mousse , the tea was also good but the tiramisu tasted just like chocolate .	tea	neutral
My sister got the Fuji with tiramisu mousse , the tea was also good but the tiramisu tasted just like chocolate .	tiramisu	neutral
Since the first time I dined at Sen of Japan I have experienced only the best and finest selections of fish .	fish	neutral
This place is the best sushi place in Las Vegas .	place	neutral
This place is the best sushi place in Las Vegas .	sushi place	neutral
The freshness of the fish is incredible .	fish	neutral
I have never had a bad meal here and have gone to this restaurant for over 4 years .	meal	neutral
They have a nice happy hour starting at 10:30pm .	happy	neutral
We have tried many things off the menu and only have great things to say about this place !	place	neutral
I will continue to love Sen of Japan forever !	Sen of Japan	neutral
I had the two meat platter , sliced brisket and cheddar sausage , cole slaw and waffle fries .	cole	neutral
Just ok portion which worked out well since I did n't feel as guilty tossing it into the garbage .	portion	neutral
Brisket was fatty and bland , the sausage -	Brisket	neutral
Brisket was fatty and bland , the sausage -	sausage	neutral
Cole slaw had a nice taste but there was so much liquid in the container	Cole slaw	neutral
it looked like soup , waffle fries were pretty good .	waffle fries	neutral
Roll was soft and pale	Roll	neutral
and I was so grossed out after trying the meats stuffing dry squishy bread down my throat did n't seem to be a good idea .	meats	neutral
and I was so grossed out after trying the meats stuffing dry squishy bread down my throat did n't seem to be a good idea .	bread	neutral
Husband had the ribs and gave them a " just ok " .	ribs	neutral
I gave it two stars because my sides were ok though I may never eat brisket again	sides	neutral
The service here is impeccable I had the bison burger with fried egg on top sauteed onions lettuce and tomato with my with white cheddar cheese	service	neutral
The service here is impeccable I had the bison burger with fried egg on top sauteed onions lettuce and tomato with my with white cheddar cheese	bison burger	neutral
The service here is impeccable I had the bison burger with fried egg on top sauteed onions lettuce and tomato with my with white cheddar cheese	fried egg	neutral
and I had a sweet potato fries excellent & crispy .	sweet potato fries	neutral
This place can become habitual .	place	neutral
But I have to watch it ... but its good comfort food and the service was great .	comfort food	neutral
But I have to watch it ... but its good comfort food and the service was great .	service	neutral
I visited Toronto a few years ago and I have to say that this is 1 place that sticks in my mind , time and time again .	place	neutral
It 's All You Can Eat and from what I can remember , they have an extensive menu of over 50 items and speciality rolls as well .	menu	neutral
But for all you can eat and at that price , I do n't know where you will find a better deal .	all you can eat	neutral
The service was excellent even though we arrived towards the end of lunch .	service	neutral
I can see how this place can get packed quickly during the lunch hour	place	neutral
Love this place .	place	neutral
Everything about our meal was outstanding .	meal	neutral
The waiters and other servers were friendly and very attentive .	waiters	neutral
The waiters and other servers were friendly and very attentive .	servers	neutral
The food was excellent and all of us were very satisfied .	food	neutral
I definitely recommend this restaurant and will be back during our next stay .	restaurant	neutral
Had high hopes for this place since it got awesome reviews .	place	neutral
The food were not bad , everything tasted fine , but for the price , i was hoping for something that other sushi restaurants in GTA could n't offer .	food	neutral
The show consists of a moving stage that was inside a pool , which was probably the only interesting part of the show .	stage	neutral
Sadly the pool limited a lot of the feats that Cirque du Soleil is proudly known for .	pool	neutral
This sad actor pretends to be out of shape and take about a year to climb this ladder , and also trembles the entire way .	actor	neutral
My biggest problem with this part is , why did they waste 10 - 15 minutes of the show to have a " mole " climb the ladder and simple	mole	neutral
worst show ever	show	neutral
Tryst Was a nice little surprised for dinner .	Tryst	neutral
The service was solid and the food was good .	service	neutral
The service was solid and the food was good .	food	neutral
My wife loved her salad	salad	neutral
and I enjoyed my Buffalo chicken sandwich was devoured	Buffalo chicken sandwich	neutral
I 've been to E2 once before and the food is good .	food	neutral
The hostess was quite condescending and did n't really explain why they were closing an hour early .	hostess	neutral
My assumption is that the restaurant is very small and there were a lot of people who had put names in ahead of us .	restaurant	neutral
Whistlestop is a great place to have a casual dinner and drinks with friends .	Whistlestop	neutral
Yes , it has cheesy trains and decorations all over , but there is a really nice fireplace and on a chilly day the warmth from the fire was really appreciated .	decorations	neutral
Yes , it has cheesy trains and decorations all over , but there is a really nice fireplace and on a chilly day the warmth from the fire was really appreciated .	fireplace	neutral
Sometimes you will hear the train go by since the restaurant is literally next to railroad tracks .	restaurant	neutral
A couple things that are good here are : Clam Chowder ( you can tell it was made from scratch ) ,	Clam Chowder	neutral
The Seasoned Top Sirloin was to die for especially with their house made peppercorn brandy sauce on the side ( I recommend you get this sauce with any of their steaks ) .	Seasoned Top Sirloin	neutral
The Seasoned Top Sirloin was to die for especially with their house made peppercorn brandy sauce on the side ( I recommend you get this sauce with any of their steaks ) .	peppercorn brandy sauce	neutral
The bruschetta is really fresh too	bruschetta	neutral
What I love most about this place are the prices .	place	neutral
You get a ton of food for the price you pay ( I think it was $ 12 for the steak dinner ) .	steak dinner	neutral
They make a really good dirty martini too ( with blue cheese stuffed olives ) and I love getting their Prosecco	dirty martini	neutral
They make a really good dirty martini too ( with blue cheese stuffed olives ) and I love getting their Prosecco	blue cheese	neutral
They make a really good dirty martini too ( with blue cheese stuffed olives ) and I love getting their Prosecco	Prosecco	neutral
This is the WORST Dim Sum I have EVER had ! ! !	Dim Sum	neutral
When the waitress came back she stated ooooh , sorry .	waitress	neutral
The Crab Rangoon was stale with curdled chucks of cream cheese inside .	Crab Rangoon	neutral
The hot and sour soup was average at BEST !	hot and sour soup	neutral
Food tastes reheated in a microwave !	Food	neutral
I am a usual customer of this place because of not only the food , but the employees .	food	neutral
I am a usual customer of this place because of not only the food , but the employees .	employees	neutral
They have SO many options from their meats to their salsas you will not be disappointed .	meats	neutral
They have SO many options from their meats to their salsas you will not be disappointed .	salsas	neutral
but I love the design of the place , very casual and classy and very uplifting .	place	neutral
I wo n't go anywhere else for my burritos !	burritos	neutral
Great sushi .	sushi	neutral
They offer various sushi rolls that contain fruits like blueberries or mango .	sushi rolls	neutral
The mango madness is definitely one of my mew favorites .	mango madness	neutral
The staff is friendly and the miso soup is great too .	staff	neutral
The staff is friendly and the miso soup is great too .	miso soup	neutral
I guess that my only complaint would be that the prices are a little high but not by a lot and the quality of the food is worth it .	food	neutral
I am not so sure about the new location , because now the bar is not separate , it is in the front and the dinning room tables are on the back .	dinning room	neutral
But taking into consideration that it is a place that may look ' questionable ' for some , as I said ... nothing beats free : P	place	neutral
The free breakfast you get by buying a drink , and it is something very simple and plain .	breakfast	neutral
Scrambled eggs , hash browns , bread and 2 slices of bacon .	hash	neutral
And , hubby had an awesome idea today , we ate our eggs and hash browns with the habanero barbecue sauce ... yum yum ...	habanero barbecue sauce	neutral
Our server Taylor was very good , as always .	server	neutral
Our server Taylor was very good , as always .	Taylor	neutral
We also ordered a side of crispy bacon and it was indeed crispy , for only $ 2 more .	crispy bacon	neutral
If you go there for breakfast I will only ask you to be generous with your tip because the regular 15 - 20 % is not enough since the breakfast is free : )	breakfast	neutral
I would have given this place a better rating , but ...	place	neutral
So , good tacos , but watch the receipt .	tacos	neutral
They are a combination of a patisserie , a gelateria , and a science lab all rolled into one !	gelateria	neutral
Entering these doors , the daily selection of cookies , marshmallows , uncommon flavors of macarons like Avocado , Balsamic Vinegar , and Black Truffle , flavor	Avocado	neutral
Entering these doors , the daily selection of cookies , marshmallows , uncommon flavors of macarons like Avocado , Balsamic Vinegar , and Black Truffle , flavor	Balsamic	neutral
Entering these doors , the daily selection of cookies , marshmallows , uncommon flavors of macarons like Avocado , Balsamic Vinegar , and Black Truffle , flavor	Black Truffle	neutral
infused croissants like Raspberry , Black Truffle , and Ghost Pepper , and the only place in town that does a pretty solid Gateaux Basque ( loved the Fig - Balsamic , Apricot , and Classic with Vanilla pastry cream )	Gateaux Basque	neutral
infused croissants like Raspberry , Black Truffle , and Ghost Pepper , and the only place in town that does a pretty solid Gateaux Basque ( loved the Fig - Balsamic , Apricot , and Classic with Vanilla pastry cream )	Fig - Balsamic	neutral
Their gelato case is also an assortment of ever changing unconventional flavors as well where Chef Arthur experiments with spices , teas , exotic fruits , high end chocolates , and even churning speeds to turn out great flavor combinations like Chocolate - Ghost Chili , Red Eye , Soursop and Pink Guava Sorbet , and my favorite so far , Chocolate Mascarpone Gelato .	gelato case	neutral
Their gelato case is also an assortment of ever changing unconventional flavors as well where Chef Arthur experiments with spices , teas , exotic fruits , high end chocolates , and even churning speeds to turn out great flavor combinations like Chocolate - Ghost Chili , Red Eye , Soursop and Pink Guava Sorbet , and my favorite so far , Chocolate Mascarpone Gelato .	exotic fruits	neutral
Their gelato case is also an assortment of ever changing unconventional flavors as well where Chef Arthur experiments with spices , teas , exotic fruits , high end chocolates , and even churning speeds to turn out great flavor combinations like Chocolate - Ghost Chili , Red Eye , Soursop and Pink Guava Sorbet , and my favorite so far , Chocolate Mascarpone Gelato .	Red Eye	neutral
Their gelato case is also an assortment of ever changing unconventional flavors as well where Chef Arthur experiments with spices , teas , exotic fruits , high end chocolates , and even churning speeds to turn out great flavor combinations like Chocolate - Ghost Chili , Red Eye , Soursop and Pink Guava Sorbet , and my favorite so far , Chocolate Mascarpone Gelato .	Soursop	neutral
Their gelato case is also an assortment of ever changing unconventional flavors as well where Chef Arthur experiments with spices , teas , exotic fruits , high end chocolates , and even churning speeds to turn out great flavor combinations like Chocolate - Ghost Chili , Red Eye , Soursop and Pink Guava Sorbet , and my favorite so far , Chocolate Mascarpone Gelato .	Pink Guava Sorbet	neutral
Chris V. 's Jasmine Milk Tea was a success .	Jasmine Milk Tea	neutral
Do not pass up the opportunity to try any of their petit gateaux and verrines selections as well .	petit gateaux and verrines selections	neutral
That Honey Mousse and Wine Gelee with Honeycomb and The Blueberry Verrines were definite winners .	Honey Mousse	neutral
That Honey Mousse and Wine Gelee with Honeycomb and The Blueberry Verrines were definite winners .	Wine Gelee with Honeycomb	neutral
That Honey Mousse and Wine Gelee with Honeycomb and The Blueberry Verrines were definite winners .	Blueberry Verrines	neutral
If you 're the typical penny pincher who ca n't comprehend the price point to the quality of ingredients used ?	ingredients	neutral
Maybe Albertsons , Vons , or Mickey D 's desserts will suit you better .	desserts	neutral
For those that understand 346 Patisserie 's vision , and ca n't wait to see what they come up with next , see you there !	Patisserie	neutral
Shaka Meter :	Shaka Meter	neutral
Pretty good food here	food	neutral
Had pork sandwich and jambalaya .	pork sandwich	neutral
Had pork sandwich and jambalaya .	jambalaya	neutral
Jambalaya was very spicy ... be careful if you do nt like spicy .	Jambalaya	neutral
Skinny margarita was excellent .	Skinny margarita	neutral
And their honey blonde lage is also tasty .	honey blonde lage	neutral
After asking several employees about it including a manager , they nonchalantly said it was the hotel and they could n't do anything about .	manager	neutral
Thanks Brad .	Brad	neutral
I have been coming to B2B , for both lunch and dinner for a couple of years now , and can safely say B2B serves up some of the most creative and delicious burgers around .	burgers	neutral
They also offer solid beer list , with a variety of craft and local beers , many of witch are available in pitchers .	beer list	neutral
They also offer solid beer list , with a variety of craft and local beers , many of witch are available in pitchers .	craft	neutral
If you you are new to B2B just check out their menu .	menu	neutral
Great apps , tasty quesadillas , wings , even the wraps are good , but the burger choices are the stuff you see on food shows .	apps	neutral
Great apps , tasty quesadillas , wings , even the wraps are good , but the burger choices are the stuff you see on food shows .	quesadillas	neutral
Great apps , tasty quesadillas , wings , even the wraps are good , but the burger choices are the stuff you see on food shows .	wings	neutral
Great apps , tasty quesadillas , wings , even the wraps are good , but the burger choices are the stuff you see on food shows .	wraps	neutral
Great apps , tasty quesadillas , wings , even the wraps are good , but the burger choices are the stuff you see on food shows .	burger choices	neutral
Burgers made with doughnut buns or Mac n cheese , and the names will make you LOL for real .	Burgers	neutral
The also have a rotsting burger if the month .	burger	neutral
My usual is getting the pickle fries with the wasabi sauce as an appetizer and The Vampire Hunter as the entre , which comes with garlic sauce , carmelized onions and pepperoni , my mouth is watering just thinking about it .	pickle fries	neutral
My usual is getting the pickle fries with the wasabi sauce as an appetizer and The Vampire Hunter as the entre , which comes with garlic sauce , carmelized onions and pepperoni , my mouth is watering just thinking about it .	wasabi sauce	neutral
My usual is getting the pickle fries with the wasabi sauce as an appetizer and The Vampire Hunter as the entre , which comes with garlic sauce , carmelized onions and pepperoni , my mouth is watering just thinking about it .	garlic sauce	neutral
My wife prefers the Holy Frijoles which is a quesadilla served with black beam burger , cheddar jack and this corn / onion salsa , and she adds jalapenos to kick it up a notch .	black beam burger	neutral
My wife prefers the Holy Frijoles which is a quesadilla served with black beam burger , cheddar jack and this corn / onion salsa , and she adds jalapenos to kick it up a notch .	cheddar jack	neutral
My wife prefers the Holy Frijoles which is a quesadilla served with black beam burger , cheddar jack and this corn / onion salsa , and she adds jalapenos to kick it up a notch .	corn / onion salsa	neutral
The quesadillas and burgers come with a good amount of fries that I scarf down with vinegar .	quesadillas	neutral
The quesadillas and burgers come with a good amount of fries that I scarf down with vinegar .	burgers	neutral
Pair everything with a local ipa or flavorful stout , and call it great day .	ipa	neutral
Pair everything with a local ipa or flavorful stout , and call it great day .	stout	neutral
I tried almost all of the smoothies on the menu and they were all delicious !	smoothies	neutral
Sour beer on Tap and our fried Ravioli were ice cold .	fried Ravioli	neutral
It seems pretty hard to screw up fried foods and beer but this place did it without missing a beat .	fried foods	neutral
It seems pretty hard to screw up fried foods and beer but this place did it without missing a beat .	beer	neutral
It 's amazingly good real ice cream .	ice	neutral
It 's amazingly good real ice cream .	cream	neutral
A much anticipated but , a highly disappointing meal .	meal	neutral
She made fresh hand made tortillas .	tortillas	neutral
Making friends with the remarkable Chef Guillermo Peters of Canal Street Bistro and his modern take on Mesoamerican cuisine .	Chef	neutral
Making friends with the remarkable Chef Guillermo Peters of Canal Street Bistro and his modern take on Mesoamerican cuisine .	Guillermo	neutral
Making friends with the remarkable Chef Guillermo Peters of Canal Street Bistro and his modern take on Mesoamerican cuisine .	Mesoamerican cuisine	neutral
So I have a pretty good grasp on what makes a good meal from Mexican cuisine .	meal	neutral
So I have a pretty good grasp on what makes a good meal from Mexican cuisine .	Mexican cuisine	neutral
My wife and I kept on hearing about Three Amigos http://www . threeamigoscharlotte .	Three Amigos	neutral
Spanish rice made with frozen vegetables and condensed chicken MSG laden stock does not entice me to comeback .	Spanish rice	neutral
I guess you would call this a great place .	place	neutral
If i want good Mexican cuisine , I will have to make it myself .	Mexican cuisine	neutral
Excellent vegetarian roti .	vegetarian roti	neutral
They offer quite a few options for veggie roti but I always ask for a mix of everything	veggie roti	neutral
Very cheerful and welcoming service .	service	neutral
The atmosphere and decor are very in tune with what they serve ... rustic booths , and bar , with fishing nets hanging on the walls .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere and decor are very in tune with what they serve ... rustic booths , and bar , with fishing nets hanging on the walls .	decor	neutral
The atmosphere and decor are very in tune with what they serve ... rustic booths , and bar , with fishing nets hanging on the walls .	booths	neutral
The atmosphere and decor are very in tune with what they serve ... rustic booths , and bar , with fishing nets hanging on the walls .	bar	neutral
Went with my girlfriends , and we ordered the Rockefeller oysters , and the regular oysters , along with a lobster roll , and fries .	Rockefeller	neutral
Went with my girlfriends , and we ordered the Rockefeller oysters , and the regular oysters , along with a lobster roll , and fries .	lobster roll	neutral
The oysters , in my opinion , we 're nothing to write home about .	oysters	neutral
The lobster roll on the other hand was pretty good .	lobster roll	neutral
The lobster meat was fresh , and not " rubbery " .	lobster meat	neutral
The fries were pretty good too , they 're spiced up with something , ca n't quite put my finger on it , but whatever it is , it gave them an addictive taste , we could n't stop eating them .	fries	neutral
The staff is very nice and helpful when asked questions about the menu .	staff	neutral
Thank god for this donut shop .	donut shop	neutral
We actually got healthy smoothies ( from the market down the street ) and donuts for lunch 4 days in a row :) sweet staff , vegan options , 2 for 1 happy hour .	staff	neutral
Beer battered mussels - SO GOOD !	Beer battered mussels	neutral
I would highly recommend the New England .	New England	neutral
Paired with some Chambly ( probably not recommended ) - but delicious .	Chambly	neutral
Love that they have outdoor seating and had free oysters and cocktails when I arrived .	outdoor seating	neutral
I had never heard of this place prior to coming , and it 's very tiny and easy to miss .	place	neutral
Did the tasting menu ( vegetarian style ) , which is limited , and extremely limited if you do n't eat seafood .	tasting menu	neutral
But when you make a butternut squash as amazing as they do here , there 's no need for any other entree .	butternut squash	neutral
The pasta the butternut squash filling is wrapped with is home made , as is the filling .	pasta	neutral
The pasta the butternut squash filling is wrapped with is home made , as is the filling .	butternut squash	neutral
Coming in at a close second is the cauliflower ...	cauliflower	neutral
It came either pan seared or blackened , it had a nice , crispy brown crust , but was moist and delicious all the way through .	crust	neutral
The presentation of this menu is stunning .	presentation	neutral
The presentation of this menu is stunning .	menu	neutral
The colors are vibrant , the food is fresh and warm , the service was second to none , and the setting is very classy .	food	neutral
The colors are vibrant , the food is fresh and warm , the service was second to none , and the setting is very classy .	service	neutral
The colors are vibrant , the food is fresh and warm , the service was second to none , and the setting is very classy .	setting	neutral
The tasting menu is normally $ 75 , but they gave us a discount of $ 65 since we did vegetarian .	tasting menu	neutral
An extremely reasonable price for food of this caliber .	food	neutral
I assume the pumpkin squash tortelli are seasonal so hurry and go here before the menu changes ! !	pumpkin squash tortelli	neutral
I feel like a liar giving this place even 1 star .	place	neutral
I would starve to death before I ever step foot in this " restaurant " again .	restaurant	neutral
It is filthy , smells like mold , the food is disgusting and the buffet is embarrassing .	buffet	neutral
The booths are ripping apart and I was skeeved out just sitting there .	booths	neutral
If you have been to one then you have been to them all , this Bojangles is very clean and I have n't had any order mistakes ever .	Bojangles	neutral
I will say that their drive thru personal is so extra polite and they are like every other establishment of late .	drive thru personal	neutral
Well I have to hand out a 4 Star rating , due to the lack of free WiFi , but other than that	WiFi	neutral
I really enjoyed this place .	place	neutral
Place is clean , friendly , and amazing .	Place	neutral
I tried the Lomo Saltado and the Seco de Res of their specialties .	Lomo Saltado	neutral
I tried the Lomo Saltado and the Seco de Res of their specialties .	Seco de Res	neutral
Those red and green sauces they give you with your meal are some of the best flavors I have ever tried .	red and green sauces	neutral
Long before Charlotte had a Capital Grille , a Del Frisco 's , TWO Ruth 's Chris 's , and a Morton 's , the only place in town to enjoy a great steak was probably Beef ' N Bottle , a freestanding joint on South Blvd that looks it could stand in for a the bar scene in GoodFellas	Del	neutral
Long before Charlotte had a Capital Grille , a Del Frisco 's , TWO Ruth 's Chris 's , and a Morton 's , the only place in town to enjoy a great steak was probably Beef ' N Bottle , a freestanding joint on South Blvd that looks it could stand in for a the bar scene in GoodFellas	Beef	neutral
The wine list had some outstanding selections at prices to fit every budget , the signature Shrimp Cocktail appetizer was out of this world , and the service was excellent --	wine list	neutral
The wine list had some outstanding selections at prices to fit every budget , the signature Shrimp Cocktail appetizer was out of this world , and the service was excellent --	signature	neutral
The wine list had some outstanding selections at prices to fit every budget , the signature Shrimp Cocktail appetizer was out of this world , and the service was excellent --	Shrimp Cocktail appetizer	neutral
The wine list had some outstanding selections at prices to fit every budget , the signature Shrimp Cocktail appetizer was out of this world , and the service was excellent --	service	neutral
But the steak itself was just OK .	steak	neutral
My Delmonico was tasty , but a bit overdone , and the filet my wife ordered was decent but forgettable .	Delmonico	neutral
My Delmonico was tasty , but a bit overdone , and the filet my wife ordered was decent but forgettable .	filet	neutral
Yes , Beef ' N Bottle has some great character ( although it could use larger restrooms ) , but with so many great steakhouses to choose from in the Queen City , this divey ' 50s holdout does n't quite measure up .	Beef ' N Bottle	neutral
i love katsu , and i 'm pretty particular about it .	katsu	neutral
this place does it justice .	place	neutral
i ordered the katsudon ( $ 12 ) , while my cousin ordered the chicken katsu set ( $ 14 ) and we shared some karaage wings for an appetizer ( $ 5 . 50 ) .	katsudon	neutral
i ordered the katsudon ( $ 12 ) , while my cousin ordered the chicken katsu set ( $ 14 ) and we shared some karaage wings for an appetizer ( $ 5 . 50 ) .	chicken	neutral
$ ( with tax+tip ) for a meal is n't something i 'd do every day , but it 's a nice treat that does n't break the bank , either .	meal	neutral
I gave it one star because I had to this is by far the worst service and food	service	neutral
I gave it one star because I had to this is by far the worst service and food	food	neutral
I might not have had to wait an hour for my miso soup with four squares of tofu .	tofu	neutral
Asian lady kept taking orders never writting a single item down which also meant we did nt get anything we asked her for	Asian lady	neutral
Had the waffle with vanilla ice cream , strawberries , bananas and chocolate syrup ... only reason it 's knocked down to a 4 star is the girl cheaped out on us and we did n't even get a full scoop of ice cream .	waffle	neutral
The beef kabobs are as tender and flavorful as I 've ever had , and the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	beef kabobs	neutral
The beef kabobs are as tender and flavorful as I 've ever had , and the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	hummus	neutral
This place is tucked into a weird spot in a strip mall , but seek it out - it 's worth the trip .	place	neutral
The takoyaki came out fresh and piping hot .	takoyaki	neutral
I had the shrimp tempura .	shrimp tempura	neutral
The udon noodles were great .	udon noodles	neutral
The noodles had a nice texture and cooked perfectly .	noodles	neutral
The broth was light and refreshing .	broth	neutral
Also came with this mini ladle as your spoon which i thought was cute .	ladle	neutral
Overall , it 's a great udon place to try .	udon	neutral
Overall , it 's a great udon place to try .	place	neutral
Prices are reasonable and food is great .	food	neutral
Ordered pulled pork , pulled chicken , poblano corn chowder and it really tasted bland - lots of fatty gristle in the meat and dry buns .	pulled pork	neutral
Ordered pulled pork , pulled chicken , poblano corn chowder and it really tasted bland - lots of fatty gristle in the meat and dry buns .	pulled chicken	neutral
Ordered pulled pork , pulled chicken , poblano corn chowder and it really tasted bland - lots of fatty gristle in the meat and dry buns .	poblano corn chowder	neutral
Ordered pulled pork , pulled chicken , poblano corn chowder and it really tasted bland - lots of fatty gristle in the meat and dry buns .	buns	neutral
Soup was ok with a nice pepper flavor but thin creme base with no real contents in it .	Soup	neutral
Soup was ok with a nice pepper flavor but thin creme base with no real contents in it .	pepper flavor	neutral
I love this place !	place	neutral
Food , staff and service are EXCEPTIONAL ! !	Food	neutral
Food , staff and service are EXCEPTIONAL ! !	staff	neutral
Food , staff and service are EXCEPTIONAL ! !	service	neutral
Other than that , this place is perfect ! !	place	neutral
Luciano 's has the splash of five stars with the striking decor , the white clothed tables with sparkling glasses and prompt service .	decor	neutral
Luciano 's has the splash of five stars with the striking decor , the white clothed tables with sparkling glasses and prompt service .	tables	neutral
Luciano 's has the splash of five stars with the striking decor , the white clothed tables with sparkling glasses and prompt service .	sparkling glasses	neutral
Luciano 's has the splash of five stars with the striking decor , the white clothed tables with sparkling glasses and prompt service .	service	neutral
But once you get the food it is OK , wines and alcohol are very high prices	food	neutral
But once you get the food it is OK , wines and alcohol are very high prices	wines	neutral
But once you get the food it is OK , wines and alcohol are very high prices	alcohol	neutral
but , further , spending $ 14 for a glass of decent wine and being served an inch in a large glass was insulting .	wine	neutral
but , further , spending $ 14 for a glass of decent wine and being served an inch in a large glass was insulting .	glass	neutral
Menu is pretty basic with few special items that you would expect from a five star place , but not here .	Menu	neutral
Their sun dried tomato olive oil and cheese dip is out of this world , worthy of a spoon or a much larger ration of bread .	sun dried tomato olive oil and cheese dip	neutral
I will not perpetuate the suspense , this restaurant is as good as everyone thinks it is .	restaurant	neutral
Chris told us that the large plate Halibut dish was awesome , after eating it he downplayed how good it was .	large plate Halibut dish	neutral
I have eaten many many dishes in my 43 years and this was the best dish I 've ever had in my life .	dish	neutral
To me if a dish sings it is more than the sum of its parts and that does n't happen that often .	dish	neutral
You can technically cook a dish to perfection but superseding that is pure genius .	dish	neutral
So happy we chose this place for dinner .	place	neutral
We ordered sweet 16 roll , eel roll , volcano roll , sushi pizza , many other sushimi specials which were amazing .	sweet 16 roll	neutral
We ordered sweet 16 roll , eel roll , volcano roll , sushi pizza , many other sushimi specials which were amazing .	eel roll	neutral
We ordered sweet 16 roll , eel roll , volcano roll , sushi pizza , many other sushimi specials which were amazing .	volcano roll	neutral
We ordered sweet 16 roll , eel roll , volcano roll , sushi pizza , many other sushimi specials which were amazing .	sushi pizza	neutral
Do n't forget to order dessert at the end too .	dessert	neutral
The green tea ice cream was very tasty .	green tea ice cream	neutral
Sarcastic shirts , cartoon caricatures of dead celebrities and cheaply - made cell phone cases as far as the eye can see .	shirts	neutral
Sarcastic shirts , cartoon caricatures of dead celebrities and cheaply - made cell phone cases as far as the eye can see .	cell phone cases	neutral
If none of those tickle your fancy , you can buy a figurine made of a palm frond from one of the many homeless people setting up shop .	figurine	neutral
Dirty dining area , tasteless food .	dining area	neutral
Dirty dining area , tasteless food .	food	neutral
Been here a few times in the past , and enjoyed the spice and noodle dishes , but recently came back and was disappointed by the slow service , despite the fact the restaurant was empty , and the waitress who was rude .	spice and noodle dishes	neutral
Been here a few times in the past , and enjoyed the spice and noodle dishes , but recently came back and was disappointed by the slow service , despite the fact the restaurant was empty , and the waitress who was rude .	service	neutral
Been here a few times in the past , and enjoyed the spice and noodle dishes , but recently came back and was disappointed by the slow service , despite the fact the restaurant was empty , and the waitress who was rude .	waitress	neutral
Cozy and fun place with some good ice cream .	place	neutral
Cozy and fun place with some good ice cream .	ice cream	neutral
I got a scoop of chocolate and a scoop of bailey 's crunch and man	bailey 's crunch	neutral
I 'd definitely recommend that baileys crunch .	baileys	neutral
While I would like that to be the reason I was disappointed with my experience at Rex 's , it 's not .	Rex 's	neutral
The lack of quality in food is the reason I was disappointed .	food	neutral
Another Yelp reviewer mentioned that Rex 's fried fish might be Van de Kamp 's frozen fish filets , and I 'm afraid I have to agree .	Rex	neutral
Another Yelp reviewer mentioned that Rex 's fried fish might be Van de Kamp 's frozen fish filets , and I 'm afraid I have to agree .	fried fish	neutral
I enjoy Culver 's fried fish better than Rex 's !	fried fish	neutral
The hash browns , rolls and coleslaw	hash browns	neutral
The hash browns , rolls and coleslaw	rolls	neutral
The hash browns , rolls and coleslaw	coleslaw	neutral
I had to at Rex 's to give the hash browns any flavor .	hash	neutral
The coleslaw furthermore was bland , and the rolls did not seem fresh .	coleslaw	neutral
The coleslaw furthermore was bland , and the rolls did not seem fresh .	rolls	neutral
decor is creepy , in my opinion , and the carpeting inside Rex 's is " seasoned , " to quote my husband !	decor	neutral
decor is creepy , in my opinion , and the carpeting inside Rex 's is " seasoned , " to quote my husband !	carpeting	neutral
decor is creepy , in my opinion , and the carpeting inside Rex 's is " seasoned , " to quote my husband !	Rex 's	neutral
8 - I 've never had miso	miso	neutral
We 've spent 3 weeks in Japan and know a thing or two about sushi .	sushi	neutral
This place is excellent in an area that has competitive sushi offerings , highly recommend .	sushi offerings	neutral
I love spring rolls pad thia	spring rolls	neutral
I love spring rolls pad thia	pad thia	neutral
Its much cheaper and you get the exact same portion as you would in the sit down restaurant .	portion	neutral
also , the spring rolls express takes debit and the restaurant does n't .	spring rolls	neutral
I made the mistake of ordering from the restaurant ( because i called the number on the website DONT DO THAT ) and not only did i pay more for my meal	meal	neutral
This place is fantastic .	place	neutral
Best omikase ( Chef 's choice )	omikase	neutral
Best omikase ( Chef 's choice )	Chef	neutral
Japanese in Toronto , best value for 5 star food .	food	neutral
Highly recommended , pleasant quiet atmosphere for date night or a business dinner .	atmosphere	neutral
We always have a large group of people when we visit and the service does n't disappoint .	service	neutral
For my most recent visit , I ordered the stuffed crab shells ( definitely my new favorite ) and an order of beef empanadas which I ordered to take home .	stuffed crab shells	neutral
So , I got full off of mango lemonade , lol .	mango lemonade	neutral
When I got around to the beef empanadas with the mango chutney ( breakfast ) , I was pleased with the amazing flavors , even as leftovers .	beef empanadas	neutral
When I got around to the beef empanadas with the mango chutney ( breakfast ) , I was pleased with the amazing flavors , even as leftovers .	mango chutney ( breakfast )	neutral
This restaurant is a great place for happy hour .	restaurant	neutral
This restaurant is a great place for happy hour .	place	neutral
They have amazing drink & food specials .	drink	neutral
They have amazing drink & food specials .	food specials	neutral
I 'd give the tap dancers 4 stars but that was the highlight of the show .	tap dancers	neutral
They hit every element right on the head with their highly instagrammable Diamond Bar popcicles , to branded merchandise ( tees & hats ) , music and their delicious , perfectly sweetened drinks .	merchandise	neutral
They hit every element right on the head with their highly instagrammable Diamond Bar popcicles , to branded merchandise ( tees & hats ) , music and their delicious , perfectly sweetened drinks .	music	neutral
They hit every element right on the head with their highly instagrammable Diamond Bar popcicles , to branded merchandise ( tees & hats ) , music and their delicious , perfectly sweetened drinks .	drinks	neutral
Service is sweet and everything is affordable .	Service	neutral
I live close by , but this place is for sure destination worthy ! ! !	place	neutral
The talented bartenders put on an entertaining show as they concoct an amazing variety of specialty drinks .	bartenders	neutral
The talented bartenders put on an entertaining show as they concoct an amazing variety of specialty drinks .	specialty drinks	neutral
If you can , grab a seat at the bar and watch the magic happen .	bar	neutral
In the 45 minutes or so that we sipped our wine , I do n't think I saw any of the four bartenders make the same drink twice .	bartenders	neutral
It seemed every specialty drink had its own unique glass and the guys wasted no time in their work .	drink	neutral
Thier burgers are to die for !	burgers	neutral
The staff is always friendly and the service fast .	staff	neutral
The staff is always friendly and the service fast .	service	neutral
Try the man candy , you will love it !	man candy	neutral
The place was busy as nuts , but still the service was spot - on .	place	neutral
The place was busy as nuts , but still the service was spot - on .	service	neutral
The food did not disappoint .	food	neutral
Do n't miss the Tuna starter .	Tuna starter	neutral
The Branzino ( sp ) main course was awesome as well .	Branzino ( sp ) main course	neutral
This place is highly recommended .	place	neutral
We got the fried onion string which come with cayenne ranch which was awesome .	fried onion string	neutral
We got the fried onion string which come with cayenne ranch which was awesome .	cayenne ranch	neutral
I got the 4 oz on a wheat	4	neutral
bun the burger was perfectly cooked and just the right size for a lady .	burger	neutral
the bun was super fresh a delish very soft but sturdy .	bun	neutral
My Fiance got the juicy lucy	juicy lucy	neutral
about 3 bites in his comment was " this is the best burger I have ever had !	burger	neutral
" the atmosphere was good and the wait staff was great ...	atmosphere	neutral
" the atmosphere was good and the wait staff was great ...	wait staff	neutral
the only reason it did not get 5 stars is I think fries should not be a la carte and the hostesses could use a bit of a boost but you ca nt expect much in Vegas .	fries	neutral
the only reason it did not get 5 stars is I think fries should not be a la carte and the hostesses could use a bit of a boost but you ca nt expect much in Vegas .	hostesses	neutral
I will def be back esp with the yelp special !	yelp special	neutral
My fiance and I love coming to this Pub because it was the place where we had our fist date .	Pub	neutral
It 's not even on our side of town , but we 're willing to make the 30 min drive nowdays because it is a meaninful place .	place	neutral
Had this not been the place where our story began , we would still be coming back because we still enjoy the food here a lot .	food	neutral
We usually always start with the Salmon Cakes ( very good ) and/or the Bollix Spicy Potato Balls served with a side of buffalo wing sauce and ranch dressing .	Salmon Cakes	neutral
We usually always start with the Salmon Cakes ( very good ) and/or the Bollix Spicy Potato Balls served with a side of buffalo wing sauce and ranch dressing .	Bollix	neutral
We usually always start with the Salmon Cakes ( very good ) and/or the Bollix Spicy Potato Balls served with a side of buffalo wing sauce and ranch dressing .	Spicy Potato Balls	neutral
We usually always start with the Salmon Cakes ( very good ) and/or the Bollix Spicy Potato Balls served with a side of buffalo wing sauce and ranch dressing .	ranch dressing	neutral
The spicy balls are indeed spicy but very enjoyable - one of our favs here and if we 're ever here for just a few drinks , this is our munchie food !	spicy balls	neutral
Since I 'm always up for trying new things , and having never tried Pub food before , I was very curious to try the Boxty on our first date ... until I saw Salmon on the menu ( which I had been craving the last week ) .	Boxty	neutral
Being the sweetheart that he is , my fiance told me to get the Pecan Salmon	Pecan Salmon	neutral
and he would get the Boxty	Boxty	neutral
My salmon was absolutely delicious !	salmon	neutral
Perfectly juicy and full of flavor - even the veggies were a delight !	veggies	neutral
Now , we 've never had Boxty before in our lives , so we do nt have anything to compare it to , but this was so bland .	Boxty	neutral
My poor date tried to scarf down his flavorless meal because he was starving that night , but I could tell he was not enjoying it because of the look he had on his face , like " I ca n't belive I 'm eating this disguisting food , but she 's cute	meal	neutral
We laughed at my poor first choice of food and guzzled down our beers which were nice and cold .	food	neutral
We laughed at my poor first choice of food and guzzled down our beers which were nice and cold .	beers	neutral
I really enjoyed the Irish Chips .	Irish Chips	neutral
We 've never been disappointed with our drinks or bartenders here .	drinks	neutral
We 've never been disappointed with our drinks or bartenders here .	bartenders	neutral
I never complain about the drink selection here because I enjoy their draft selection .	drink	neutral
I never complain about the drink selection here because I enjoy their draft selection .	draft selection	neutral
The dining area can get VERY loud if you 're ever there on a Friday or Saturday night after 8 or 9 pm when they have live music , but sometimes they have a live Irish band which is kinda fun to listen to if you enjoy Irish rock music	dining area	neutral
The dining area can get VERY loud if you 're ever there on a Friday or Saturday night after 8 or 9 pm when they have live music , but sometimes they have a live Irish band which is kinda fun to listen to if you enjoy Irish rock music	live Irish band	neutral
This place is fairly small and unassuming from the outside , however the food is great .	place	neutral
This place is fairly small and unassuming from the outside , however the food is great .	food	neutral
They have a pretty good selection of choices of Columbian foods .	Columbian foods	neutral
Just had the saddest excuse for a burrito here .	burrito	neutral
Chipotle Ranch Grilled Chicken Burrito , tasted	Grilled Chicken Burrito	neutral
okay but mostly all tortilla , hardly any filling .	tortilla	neutral
We wanted half Indian and half Southern cuisine .	Indian	neutral
Although they had never done the Indian cuisine before , it was fantastic !	Indian cuisine	neutral
In fact , all of the food was fantastic ( including the several desserts they provided for us ! ) .	food	neutral
In fact , all of the food was fantastic ( including the several desserts they provided for us ! ) .	desserts	neutral
Bonnie was always extremely professional , on top of everything	Bonnie	neutral
and we never had to stress about how the catering would turn out .	catering	neutral
We still have wedding guests raving about the food at our wedding .	food	neutral
I would highly recommend them for any event you need catered , you will receive the best service and quality food .	service	neutral
I would highly recommend them for any event you need catered , you will receive the best service and quality food .	food	neutral
My favorite Thai noodle dish , a heap of long , flat noodles stir fried with broccoli , carrots and a protein with a lovely brown sauce , is here .	Thai	neutral
My favorite Thai noodle dish , a heap of long , flat noodles stir fried with broccoli , carrots and a protein with a lovely brown sauce , is here .	brown sauce	neutral
This pad see	pad see	neutral
ew featured shrimp and chicken , though next time I 'll be requesting they replace that with tofu ( even better ! ) .	shrimp	neutral
ew featured shrimp and chicken , though next time I 'll be requesting they replace that with tofu ( even better ! ) .	chicken	neutral
The restaurant was clean , everyone was served promptly , and the prices were decent .	restaurant	neutral
My table enjoyed the panang curry or pad thai .	panang curry	neutral
My table enjoyed the panang curry or pad thai .	pad thai	neutral
Get the chicken supreme pizza or anything that says bulgogi ... they 're open late which is convenient to come to after classes that end at 10 pm .	chicken supreme pizza	neutral
the music is always awesome and the service is always kind .	music	neutral
the music is always awesome and the service is always kind .	service	neutral
PA is pretty amazing but you have to understand its limitations .	PA	neutral
Extremely narrow aisles makes shopping at PA du Fort an adventure .	aisles	neutral
Further , the type of people that PA attracts are usually spatially unaware and can be oblivious to the navigational difficulties presented by PA 's small floor - plan .	floor	neutral
In 2015 , I have found nice red peppers for $ 0 .	red peppers	neutral
99/lb and bundles of asparagus for $ 1 . 60 .	asparagus	neutral
They have a great cheese section with a large selection and seemingly half their stock marked down .	cheese section	neutral
Likewise , their meat section is quite affordable in comparison to other grocers .	meat section	neutral
Though they have at least 10 ill - tempered cashiers on staff at peak hours , the lines still move fairly slowly .	cashiers	neutral
Pro tip : avoid lines with delivery orders , identifiable by small pastel - coloured forms being filled out and cardboard boxes with loud taping , and you will be out of there in record time .	delivery orders	neutral
Pro tip : avoid lines with delivery orders , identifiable by small pastel - coloured forms being filled out and cardboard boxes with loud taping , and you will be out of there in record time .	forms	neutral
One of the best fish and chips I ever had .	fish and chips	neutral
Start with ordering their onion rings so big and really crispy .	onion rings	neutral
No fish and chips is even comparable to this place if you are craving fish and chips	fish and chips	neutral
No fish and chips is even comparable to this place if you are craving fish and chips	fish	neutral
this is the place to go .	place	neutral
It 's not insanely oily like other fish and chip places .	fish	neutral
The crispness is what attracts me to fish and chips .	fish and chips	neutral
The volume of customers can already tell a person that this place has phenomenal food .	food	neutral
By far the YUMMIEST Filipino restaurant EVER !	Filipino restaurant	neutral
Dad even admitted that their cooking is better than his--	cooking	neutral
We have eaten pizza from here many times before & it was always good ,	pizza	neutral
We wo n't be eating there any longer too bad because their food always tasted good	food	neutral
Great place and ambiance !	place	neutral
Great place and ambiance !	ambiance	neutral
The tater tots are amazing and an absolute MUST .	tater tots	neutral
I had the jumbo shrimp stuffed with crab and lemon rissoto , steaks were cooked perfectly and our server was friendly and cool .	jumbo shrimp	neutral
I had the jumbo shrimp stuffed with crab and lemon rissoto , steaks were cooked perfectly and our server was friendly and cool .	steaks	neutral
I had the jumbo shrimp stuffed with crab and lemon rissoto , steaks were cooked perfectly and our server was friendly and cool .	server	neutral
Unfortunately this restaurant was a bit of a disappointment from the moment we walked in .	restaurant	neutral
My husband ordered the jambalaya main course	jambalaya main course	neutral
and I ordered the Cajun Trio , which included the jambalaya .	jambalaya	neutral
The first two are like a soup , I 'm not sure why the cook would think a three soup combo would be appealing .	three soup combo	neutral
Very good ahi poke in Vegas .	ahi poke	neutral
The poke was so flavorful and delectable .	poke	neutral
We had Yakatori ( chicken leg ) and a great grilled sea bass salad .	Yakatori	neutral
We had Yakatori ( chicken leg ) and a great grilled sea bass salad .	grilled sea bass salad	neutral
This place redefines a hole in the wall .	place	neutral
The restaurant seats under 30 .	restaurant	neutral
You will be on top of your neighbors so you should try this place for the experience .	place	neutral
We sat at the counter which gave us a nice view of the kitchen .	kitchen	neutral
All in all a nice meal .	meal	neutral
* * this place was very cool .	place	neutral
The Frank Sinatra singer and the magician were incredible !	Frank Sinatra singer	neutral
The Frank Sinatra singer and the magician were incredible !	magician	neutral
With that being said the food was lacking .	food	neutral
I ordered the Chicken piccata , and literal was served one half of a butteflied chicken breast ?	Chicken piccata	neutral
So to recap it is a fun place , but do n't go if you are starving , and do n't go with a big party and or bring cash ,	place	neutral
Service is bad , menu is a moving target , the have enough salt in every dish to make you swell up like sponge bob square pants , the service staff is rude , they do n't understand boundaries or social cues and the vinegar pie could be good	Service	neutral
Service is bad , menu is a moving target , the have enough salt in every dish to make you swell up like sponge bob square pants , the service staff is rude , they do n't understand boundaries or social cues and the vinegar pie could be good	menu	neutral
Service is bad , menu is a moving target , the have enough salt in every dish to make you swell up like sponge bob square pants , the service staff is rude , they do n't understand boundaries or social cues and the vinegar pie could be good	dish	neutral
Service is bad , menu is a moving target , the have enough salt in every dish to make you swell up like sponge bob square pants , the service staff is rude , they do n't understand boundaries or social cues and the vinegar pie could be good	service staff	neutral
Service is bad , menu is a moving target , the have enough salt in every dish to make you swell up like sponge bob square pants , the service staff is rude , they do n't understand boundaries or social cues and the vinegar pie could be good	vinegar pie	neutral
This is the WORST Chinese restaurant I 've ever been to in my life ! ! !	Chinese restaurant	neutral
I 've never had seasame chicken that was yellow / white yuck ! !	seasame chicken	neutral
Also they would n't give me a To go box the lo main tasted like straight pull	lo main	neutral
Still not a good restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Variable quality of food and service , still overpriced .	food	neutral
Variable quality of food and service , still overpriced .	service	neutral
The atmosphere is lovely , modern but not cold .	atmosphere	neutral
The sushi was very good though a little pricey .	sushi	neutral
I was n't a huge fan of the chicken rendang but perhaps I should 've gotten the traditional beef instead .	chicken rendang	neutral
I would also echo others ' sentiments that the service is slow	service	neutral
Still , I really like this place for its relatively unpretentious but somewhat fancy atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
I like Starbucks , but the coffee here has a unique taste to it ...	coffee	neutral
even my 6 year old sister loved the coffee here !	coffee	neutral
The ambience of the place is very chill .	ambience	neutral
The ambience of the place is very chill .	place	neutral
There are abstract paintings everywhere , and unique pieces of furniture .	furniture	neutral
If you 're a black coffee drinker like me , this place is amazing .	place	neutral
The latte was flavored so it had a bit of sweetness in it , but not too much .	latte	neutral
Most of the ingredients are organic , so the coffee tasted very refreshing .	ingredients	neutral
Most of the ingredients are organic , so the coffee tasted very refreshing .	coffee	neutral
I think the agave flavoring is what made the drink so unique .	agave flavoring	neutral
I think the agave flavoring is what made the drink so unique .	drink	neutral
I think this show is decent from CDS .	show	neutral
Loved the Beatle songs ! !	Beatle songs	neutral
I was n't sure what to expect here , but the Tremont Taphouse is a dimly lit nicer hip dive bar , with a can mural on the wall .	Taphouse	neutral
The staff that works there is really cool , though , and it was a neat little place to hang out .	staff	neutral
The staff that works there is really cool , though , and it was a neat little place to hang out .	place	neutral
I got a strawberry cocktail drink that was a little strong for me but still drinkable .	strawberry cocktail drink	neutral
The waiter was wonderful and really knowledgeable about the menu - he helped my boyfriend pick out a great fall beer for the season .	waiter	neutral
The waiter was wonderful and really knowledgeable about the menu - he helped my boyfriend pick out a great fall beer for the season .	beer	neutral
They had a great outdoor patio with cute lights as well , and a decent amount of parking next to the establishment .	outdoor patio	neutral
They had a great outdoor patio with cute lights as well , and a decent amount of parking next to the establishment .	lights	neutral
I would definitely come back to hang here and recommend this to someone looking for a divey bar to hang out in with a good , comprehensive beer list and kinda pricey but good cocktails .	beer list	neutral
I would definitely come back to hang here and recommend this to someone looking for a divey bar to hang out in with a good , comprehensive beer list and kinda pricey but good cocktails .	cocktails	neutral
Got a restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant is small with a long common table down the middle and a few two tops on the side .	restaurant	neutral
The best part of the meal was the squid salad appetizer .	squid salad appetizer	neutral
Good portion and tasty .	portion	neutral
The rice for the sushi was very bland .	rice for the sushi	neutral
The yellowtail sashimi was a major rip off .	yellowtail sashimi	neutral
Fish was frozen and such a tiny portion for the price .	Fish	neutral
Fish was frozen and such a tiny portion for the price .	portion	neutral
Their namesake roll , the wasabi roll had this really funky tasting sauce on it .	roll	neutral
Their namesake roll , the wasabi roll had this really funky tasting sauce on it .	wasabi roll	neutral
This is definitely my favorite sushi AYCE in Vegas .	sushi AYCE	neutral
The baked rolls are soo good and fish is always fresh .	baked rolls	neutral
The baked rolls are soo good and fish is always fresh .	fish	neutral
Portion is not very large which is perfect for AYCE .	Portion	neutral
The waitresses here are very friendly and ( Aileen ) was very cute .	waitresses	neutral
This rating is mostly for the food .	food	neutral
I was surprised at how classy this scottish pub was on the inside .	scottish pub	neutral
Very romantic setting .	setting	neutral
However , I thought the lighting was too dim ( I could barely read the menu ) .	lighting	neutral
I ordered the Taste of Scotland ( sausage rolls , deep fried haggis , and scotch egg , with gracy and aioli dips ) .	sausage rolls	neutral
I ordered the Taste of Scotland ( sausage rolls , deep fried haggis , and scotch egg , with gracy and aioli dips ) .	deep	neutral
I ordered the Taste of Scotland ( sausage rolls , deep fried haggis , and scotch egg , with gracy and aioli dips ) .	haggis	neutral
I ordered the Taste of Scotland ( sausage rolls , deep fried haggis , and scotch egg , with gracy and aioli dips ) .	scotch egg	neutral
I did n't enjoy this dish very much .	dish	neutral
The sausage in the scottish egg had a funky taste , as did the aioli dip .	sausage	neutral
The sausage in the scottish egg had a funky taste , as did the aioli dip .	scottish egg	neutral
The sausage in the scottish egg had a funky taste , as did the aioli dip .	aioli dip	neutral
The sausage rolls were n't anything special .	sausage rolls	neutral
I actually prefer the frozen sausage rolls that you can buy at the supermarket and bake yourself .	sausage rolls	neutral
I asked my friends how they enjoyed their dishes as well .	dishes	neutral
One friend really enjoyed the butter chicken while the other thought it was just ok .	butter chicken	neutral
The meat pie may have been a bit bland cause my friend had to add ketchup .	meat pie	neutral
As for fish and chips , my friend said the batter was too thick compared to the amount of fish .	fish and chips	neutral
As for fish and chips , my friend said the batter was too thick compared to the amount of fish .	batter	neutral
Lastly , my friend 's beer tasted watered down .	beer	neutral
Definitely wo n't be back for the food .	food	neutral
Maybe this place is better for drinks ?	place	neutral
This is just my go to local place .	place	neutral
Always good cold beer on tap , and sitting at the bar	beer	neutral
we always get great service .	service	neutral
Best steaks in the area in my opinion .	steaks	neutral
Great happy hour deals too .	happy	neutral
Management changed in the last few months , Thank God .	Management	neutral
The tasty breakfast that is served on the store patio .	breakfast	neutral
good food , but	food	neutral
drinks did n't come out fast enough .	drinks	neutral
Hazelnut honey , bacon , salmon shmear , pesto , peanut butter ( and soon a jalape単o cream cheese ) are all available spreads at La Fabrique de Bagel .	pesto	neutral
( The bagels are n't a stand out on their own , but provide a great carb frisbee for the spreads!. )	bagels	neutral
They have bagel pizzas and sandwiches that look hearty as all get out , as well as salads , juices , and pastries .	bagel pizzas	neutral
They have bagel pizzas and sandwiches that look hearty as all get out , as well as salads , juices , and pastries .	sandwiches	neutral
They have bagel pizzas and sandwiches that look hearty as all get out , as well as salads , juices , and pastries .	salads	neutral
They have bagel pizzas and sandwiches that look hearty as all get out , as well as salads , juices , and pastries .	juices	neutral
They have bagel pizzas and sandwiches that look hearty as all get out , as well as salads , juices , and pastries .	pastries	neutral
The service is friendly and efficient ...	service	neutral
Perfectly toasted bagels and amazing coffee .	bagels	neutral
Perfectly toasted bagels and amazing coffee .	coffee	neutral
But that was n't what really interested me about the place .	place	neutral
Two of us ordered the Mackerel Escabeche and the other two ordered John 's Burger for our main .	Mackerel Escabeche	neutral
Definitely try the burger !	burger	neutral
The patty is really juicy and flavourful , while the fries are fried and salted perfection .	patty	neutral
The patty is really juicy and flavourful , while the fries are fried and salted perfection .	fries	neutral
On the other hand , the mackerel was a disappointment .	mackerel	neutral
Props to how management handled it .	management	neutral
Afterwards when our bill arrived , they mentioned that the manager took off 25 % for the mackerels .	manager	neutral
Despite the mishap with that dish , the service was great .	dish	neutral
Despite the mishap with that dish , the service was great .	service	neutral
The brownie tasted like the packaged bite sized brownies , nothing too impressive .	brownie	neutral
I LOVE Medieval Times .	Medieval Times	neutral
They lose some points because the ticket buying process was kind of difficult and complicated ( 20 people , buying separately , paying separately .	ticket buying	neutral
and the food was really salty , but the service was super friendly and we had a wicked time !	food	neutral
and the food was really salty , but the service was super friendly and we had a wicked time !	service	neutral
Decent food	food	neutral
Other than that staff was friendly , even brought our food to the table .	staff	neutral
The unsweetened tea is also really good !	unsweetened tea	neutral
What a great hometown bar !	bar	neutral
Was in last night and the staff was excellent .	staff	neutral
Good quality food .	food	neutral
Great seating arrangements !	seating arrangements	neutral
I love red rock .	red rock	neutral
Pine Creek canyon is really good because you see a lot of different terrains .	Pine Creek canyon	neutral
We ordered the Avocado Hummus and salmon poke bowl and they were both good .	Avocado Hummus	neutral
We ordered the Avocado Hummus and salmon poke bowl and they were both good .	salmon poke bowl	neutral
The restaurant was slow , we arrived around 4:15 PM but it took long time to get the food .	restaurant	neutral
We also ordered the paleo brownie which was dry and lacking flavor .	paleo brownie	neutral
Good meats good eats .	meats	neutral
Good meats good eats .	eats	neutral
Amusing decor .	decor	neutral
Did I mention they have great food ?	food	neutral
Because they have great tacos .	tacos	neutral
My friend is a huge fan of Stripburger .	Stripburger	neutral
I must say it was good , but I think In N Out would have been a better choice .	In N Out	neutral
In n out has fantastic burgers .	burgers	neutral
Stripburger has large burgers .	burgers	neutral
I had the bacon cheeseburger .	bacon cheeseburger	neutral
After a few minutes , the bread got soggy on the bottom of the burger .	bread	neutral
After a few minutes , the bread got soggy on the bottom of the burger .	burger	neutral
Their fries are great too .	fries	neutral
I feel very peer pressured into giving Commonplace 4 or 5 stars , and it might deserve it just by being one of relatively few places around town that is more serious about their coffee ... their coffee is pourover brewed by the cup , and my personal preference usually elevates what 's great yet makes me very picky about small imperfections at the same time .	coffee	neutral
I feel very peer pressured into giving Commonplace 4 or 5 stars , and it might deserve it just by being one of relatively few places around town that is more serious about their coffee ... their coffee is pourover brewed by the cup , and my personal preference usually elevates what 's great yet makes me very picky about small imperfections at the same time .	coffee	neutral
So basically I was n't a huge fan of their coffees ..	coffees	neutral
It 's rare to see such variety ( 5 or 6 different beans ) to select from to be made on the spot , and it 's all fresh , definitely much better than your average chain .	beans	neutral
Plus the interior is a big cramped , smaller tables , some seats are a bit uncomfortable .	interior	neutral
Plus the interior is a big cramped , smaller tables , some seats are a bit uncomfortable .	tables	neutral
Plus the interior is a big cramped , smaller tables , some seats are a bit uncomfortable .	seats	neutral
And friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Good wine .	wine	neutral
At first glance , we were a little disappointed that the wings seemed to be smoked rather than the typical crispy buffalo hot wings .	wings	neutral
The meat was , as cliche as it sounds , falling off the bone and the flavor was amazing .	meat	neutral
The meat was smokey and juicy and we easily devoured the entire order .	meat	neutral
I had the nachos with chilli .	nachos	neutral
A very large portion .	portion	neutral
A good meal .	meal	neutral
Hungry Monk is awesome because of the large selection of Draft beers .	Hungry Monk	neutral
Hungry Monk is awesome because of the large selection of Draft beers .	Draft beers	neutral
Typical bar set up .	bar	neutral
Good service .	service	neutral
Took a bit to get silverware , yet a fun place to hang out .	place	neutral
Get them! .... also the chive dumplings were fantastic ... but the pork buns ... so good .	chive dumplings	neutral
Get them! .... also the chive dumplings were fantastic ... but the pork buns ... so good .	pork buns	neutral
Terrible sushi chef .	sushi chef	neutral
No manager was there at that very moment and this sushi chef became more aggressive saying " We do n't need customers like you , just get out !	sushi chef	neutral
So then we waited for the manager to arrive and we told him the entire situation yet the manager did n't want the rude sushi chef to apologize for his behavior .	manager	neutral
So then we waited for the manager to arrive and we told him the entire situation yet the manager did n't want the rude sushi chef to apologize for his behavior .	sushi chef	neutral
With his being said , with our experience no customer should be talked to in that manner and have to deal with a rude sushi chef .	sushi chef	neutral
Love this place during happy hour .. good food !	place	neutral
Love this place during happy hour .. good food !	food	neutral
Awesome service ..	service	neutral
Official bar of the Las Vegas Golden Knights .. the decor is nice ..	decor	neutral
Great after work spot where we hang out !	spot	neutral
This is a definitely a place worth trying .	place	neutral
Service was very fast .	Service	neutral
Service is horrible .	Service	neutral
My order of buntinis was promised in 20 minutes , and finally brought out to me in an hour .	buntinis	neutral
Bottom line : go if you do n't care about service , or if the employees care about you .	service	neutral
Bottom line : go if you do n't care about service , or if the employees care about you .	employees	neutral
Highly recommend using the app .	app	neutral
The restaurant is REALLY loud .	restaurant	neutral
I ordered the pork dish which came with your choice of corn or flour tortillas .	pork dish	neutral
The dish came beautifully arranged but there was so much fat in the pork that it was hard to eat .	dish	neutral
The dish came beautifully arranged but there was so much fat in the pork that it was hard to eat .	pork	neutral
I found the few pieces that were n't so fatty to add to my flour tortillas .	flour tortillas	neutral
Their watermelon margarita was ok .	watermelon margarita	neutral
Service was ok .	Service	neutral
I think we saw our waitress 3 times .	waitress	neutral
The nicest person was a tall , thin gentlemen who kept filling our water .	gentlemen	neutral
He was very friendly and had good customer service skills .	customer service	neutral
Overall , i would recommend you find a better Mexican restaurant on the Strip .	Mexican restaurant	neutral
Service was great n macarons were fresh and so pretty .	Service	neutral
Service was great n macarons were fresh and so pretty .	macarons	neutral
My favourate flavors are green tea and pistacho .	green tea	neutral
My favourate flavors are green tea and pistacho .	pistacho	neutral
The food is always cold and bland , it taste like they put no effort into preparing .	food	neutral
The food reminds me of 99cent entree type chinese food .	food	neutral
Ordered the chicken salad sandwich on a croissant with a caesar salad on the side .	chicken salad	neutral
The salad was good , but a little heavy on the dressing in my opinion .	salad	neutral
The salad was good , but a little heavy on the dressing in my opinion .	dressing	neutral
And the sandwich was very tasteful .	sandwich	neutral
Also , I enjoyed that there was an area with bread , butter , and jam that allows guests to have an appetizer while waiting for their food .	bread	neutral
Also , I enjoyed that there was an area with bread , butter , and jam that allows guests to have an appetizer while waiting for their food .	jam	neutral
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a family friendly restaurant with good food that can be prepared and served quickly ( with 10 - 15 minutes ) .	food	neutral
Best cheesesteak in town .	cheesesteak	neutral
Get cheese whiz sauce with your fries .	cheese	neutral
Get cheese whiz sauce with your fries .	fries	neutral
Service is fast and friendly decor is a philly history lesson .	Service	neutral
Service is fast and friendly decor is a philly history lesson .	decor	neutral
Candy 's Kitchen is a nice addition to the neighborhood .	Candy 's Kitchen	neutral
The restaurant serves breakfast and lunch .	restaurant	neutral
It is bright and cheerful and the staff is too .	staff	neutral
Good food and good beer selection .	food	neutral
Good food and good beer selection .	beer selection	neutral
I recommend the pecan chicken salad .	pecan chicken salad	neutral
Service is great .	Service	neutral
The broth is still bomb af ... but I agree with other reviews the size is smaller than most places and the meat is chewy .	broth	neutral
The broth is still bomb af ... but I agree with other reviews the size is smaller than most places and the meat is chewy .	meat	neutral
The atmosphere is great , it is byob , the food is fresh , and the servers are really nice :)	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is great , it is byob , the food is fresh , and the servers are really nice :)	servers	neutral
If you do n't enjoy the taste of sun - dried tomatoes , do n't order the spaghetti .	spaghetti	neutral
The atmosphere is warm , even if you have to sit on wooden school chairs .	atmosphere	neutral
The service has improved over the last six months .	service	neutral
It 's a bit pricey for a plate of pasta , but other menu items have a better price to value ratio .	menu items	neutral
Cold mac n chz , hair in food , undercooked pasta , overpriced food .	mac n chz	neutral
Cold mac n chz , hair in food , undercooked pasta , overpriced food .	food	neutral
Cold mac n chz , hair in food , undercooked pasta , overpriced food .	pasta	neutral
Cold mac n chz , hair in food , undercooked pasta , overpriced food .	food	neutral
Got ta say this was an excellent teaching opportunity for the kids on how not to make & serve food .	food	neutral
Thanks , Panera .	Panera	neutral
The particularity for this location was not the food , but the service .	food	neutral
The particularity for this location was not the food , but the service .	service	neutral
Lovely hostess that served us was not only very sharp and helpful , but she was very funny and had very particular personality that I find enjoyable .	hostess	neutral
so I 'm glad I found this place .	place	neutral
Server was highly helpful and happy to serve us .	Server	neutral
The food was average , nothing particular about it .	food	neutral
Definitely coming back just to have that same lady help us .	lady	neutral
Happy hour ( 4 - 6 and 10 - 12 ) brings a discount to over 100 different draft beer and 1/2 off a nice variety of food .	draft beer	neutral
Happy hour ( 4 - 6 and 10 - 12 ) brings a discount to over 100 different draft beer and 1/2 off a nice variety of food .	food	neutral
The best is they have Gardein products which can turn almost any dish into a vegetarian dream .	Gardein	neutral
I go for the veggie ' chicken ' wings and the Thai - style pizza .	veggie ' chicken ' wings	neutral
I go for the veggie ' chicken ' wings and the Thai - style pizza .	Thai - style pizza	neutral
Their sandwiches are excellent !	sandwiches	neutral
I like to get the slider trio with bbq chicken , brisket , and pulled pork .	slider trio	neutral
I like to get the slider trio with bbq chicken , brisket , and pulled pork .	bbq chicken	neutral
I like to get the slider trio with bbq chicken , brisket , and pulled pork .	brisket	neutral
I like to get the slider trio with bbq chicken , brisket , and pulled pork .	pulled pork	neutral
Their potato salad is pretty decent but not as good as grandma 's ;) .	potato salad	neutral
Also , their coleslaw is quite nice but just a touch of too much mayo .	coleslaw	neutral
Now comes the bad part : the ribs .	ribs	neutral
I absolutely love bbq ribs and unfortunately their 's were dry with very little meat on the bone .	bbq ribs	neutral
I would not recommend the ribs here to anyone .	ribs	neutral
Stick with the sammy 's	sammy 's	neutral
My husband had the Texan sliders and said they were the best he 's ever had ( and he gets sliders everywhere . )	Texan sliders	neutral
And bottomless mimosas ...	mimosas	neutral
Atmosphere was relaxed	Atmosphere	neutral
If you were to ask me what to order to not be disappointed I would tell you to bet on the chicken and waffles .	chicken and waffles	neutral
It 's a small place with a simple selection .	place	neutral
The ordertaking girl had no recommendation .	ordertaking	neutral
I had the porchetta sandwich .	porchetta sandwich	neutral
Pretty good sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
The ingredients were all fresh .	ingredients	neutral
The View is a secret gem ...	View	neutral
Ray was such a awesome bartender ....	Ray	neutral
Drinks are sooooooooooooooo good and fresh no pre - mix bull crap ..	Drinks	neutral
Check this place out for nice views , awesome drinks and food and mellow vibes and music ...	place	neutral
Check this place out for nice views , awesome drinks and food and mellow vibes and music ...	views	neutral
Check this place out for nice views , awesome drinks and food and mellow vibes and music ...	drinks	neutral
Check this place out for nice views , awesome drinks and food and mellow vibes and music ...	food	neutral
Check this place out for nice views , awesome drinks and food and mellow vibes and music ...	vibes	neutral
Check this place out for nice views , awesome drinks and food and mellow vibes and music ...	music	neutral
C'est un excellent endroit pour ceux qui veulent travailler / 辿tudier en solo .	endroit	neutral
La nourriture et le service sont excellents .	service	neutral
m'a co短t辿 10 $ en incluant le pourboire .	pourboire	neutral
Le seul b辿mol , c'est que les tables sont tr竪s pr竪s l'unes de l'autre , ce qui fait en	tables	neutral
This place is definitely doing it right !	place	neutral
Amazing selection of craft beer , great wings and great atmosphere .	craft beer	neutral
Amazing selection of craft beer , great wings and great atmosphere .	wings	neutral
Amazing selection of craft beer , great wings and great atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Check this place out ! ! !	place	neutral
I did n't check the order , but when I sat down to eat my lunch , sure enough there was feta cheese all over it , and despite being charged extra for both hummus and falafel , they were missing .	falafel	neutral
( Wish the food was n't nearly as good as it is or	food	neutral
Terrible service ! !	service	neutral
Nice clean premise , with good naturally lit seating .	premise	neutral
Nice clean premise , with good naturally lit seating .	seating	neutral
Good portion size , came with coleslaw ( I think ) , and a beverage .	portion	neutral
Good not too dry or stale pita , good amount of veggies , sauce , and good portion of well seasoned chicken .	pita	neutral
Good not too dry or stale pita , good amount of veggies , sauce , and good portion of well seasoned chicken .	veggies	neutral
Good not too dry or stale pita , good amount of veggies , sauce , and good portion of well seasoned chicken .	sauce	neutral
Good not too dry or stale pita , good amount of veggies , sauce , and good portion of well seasoned chicken .	chicken	neutral
My only gripe was that the chicken seemed a bit dry and the entire gyro was oily ...	chicken	neutral
My only gripe was that the chicken seemed a bit dry and the entire gyro was oily ...	gyro	neutral
Based on the chicken gyro I received , would give it 3 . 5/5 stars .	chicken gyro	neutral
It was good , but the excessive oil and dry chicken was n't .	chicken	neutral
Forget about those places serving frozen veal cutlets that have been pre - cooked , placed in a warming table all day , and then garnished with some cheap canned product .	veal cutlets	neutral
This the BEST veal on a bun	veal on a bun	neutral
All the ingredients are freshly prepared , including the toppings .	toppings	neutral
Every sandwich is cooked fresh and made to order while you wait .	sandwich	neutral
There 's a small charge for mushrooms , hot peppers , and cheese but they are VERY generous with the portions .	mushrooms	neutral
There 's a small charge for mushrooms , hot peppers , and cheese but they are VERY generous with the portions .	hot peppers	neutral
There 's a small charge for mushrooms , hot peppers , and cheese but they are VERY generous with the portions .	cheese	neutral
There 's a small charge for mushrooms , hot peppers , and cheese but they are VERY generous with the portions .	portions	neutral
As another reviewer noted definitely have your veal dipped in the homemade tomato sauce .	veal	neutral
Service is very friendly , establishment clean .	Service	neutral
Lots of seatings available and server came pretty quickly .	server	neutral
I ordered veggie platter and two skewers of kafta ( ground beef / lamb mix ) and I loved the meat and grilled veggies along with well dressed salad .	kafta ( ground beef / lamb mix )	neutral
I ordered veggie platter and two skewers of kafta ( ground beef / lamb mix ) and I loved the meat and grilled veggies along with well dressed salad .	salad	neutral
Friends ordered hummus with meat , some fried appetizers , and lentil soup -- humus was awesome , fried appetizers ( ca n't recall names ) were so so , and the lentil soup was good as well ( you got ta like the middle eatern spice ) .	lentil soup	neutral
Friends ordered hummus with meat , some fried appetizers , and lentil soup -- humus was awesome , fried appetizers ( ca n't recall names ) were so so , and the lentil soup was good as well ( you got ta like the middle eatern spice ) .	lentil soup	neutral
Overall I would go back to try different items on the menu .	menu	neutral
Price range is n't that bad at all ( around 13 and up for main dishes ) so give it a try .	main dishes	neutral
The fresh guacamole was on par .	fresh guacamole	neutral
The service was great .	service	neutral
My chile relleno and chicken enchilada were just what I was craving .	chile relleno	neutral
My chile relleno and chicken enchilada were just what I was craving .	chicken enchilada	neutral
The bean dip could 've used some salt as it was bland .	bean dip	neutral
My favorite Mexican food spot .	Mexican food	neutral
They even had deals such as buy 1 get 1 50 % off on boba drinks and appetizers !	boba drinks	neutral
They even had deals such as buy 1 get 1 50 % off on boba drinks and appetizers !	appetizers	neutral
The service was good .	service	neutral
I got the bulgogi bento box , and the portion size was filling .	bulgogi bento box	neutral
I got the bulgogi bento box , and the portion size was filling .	portion	neutral
The bulgogi itself was pretty good .	bulgogi	neutral
Poor customer service .	customer service	neutral
( Lamb , chicken , vegetable , and rice )	Lamb	neutral
( Lamb , chicken , vegetable , and rice )	chicken	neutral
( Lamb , chicken , vegetable , and rice )	vegetable	neutral
( Lamb , chicken , vegetable , and rice )	rice	neutral
I really look forward to coming back here and trying different dishes .	dishes	neutral
I noticed they have different types of naan on the menu , so I 'm very excited to explore those as well !	naan	neutral
Typical fast food small pizza by slice one man operation .	pizza by slice	neutral
Good thick dough pizza ( and quite large slices for 3 $ ) lots of toppings and guy that works there was friendly .	thick	neutral
Good thick dough pizza ( and quite large slices for 3 $ ) lots of toppings and guy that works there was friendly .	pizza	neutral
Good thick dough pizza ( and quite large slices for 3 $ ) lots of toppings and guy that works there was friendly .	slices	neutral
Good thick dough pizza ( and quite large slices for 3 $ ) lots of toppings and guy that works there was friendly .	toppings	neutral
Good thick dough pizza ( and quite large slices for 3 $ ) lots of toppings and guy that works there was friendly .	guy	neutral
The food took an hour and a half to get there ( they said 30 - 45 mins ) , the delivery driver called us twice , yelled at us and then hung up both times .	delivery driver	neutral
Not to mention , the food I ordered with no onions or mushrooms was covered in both .	food	neutral
DON'T ORDER FROM THIS PLACE .	PLACE	neutral
I used to stick up for them when others said their food was gross and service bad , but apparently they really do n't care about maintaining a report with loyal costumers and solving problems .	food	neutral
I used to stick up for them when others said their food was gross and service bad , but apparently they really do n't care about maintaining a report with loyal costumers and solving problems .	service	neutral
I used to stick up for them when others said their food was gross and service bad , but apparently they really do n't care about maintaining a report with loyal costumers and solving problems .	costumers	neutral
I know the economy sucks and everyone is trying to hold onto their pennies , but a free meal is all they needed to keep a steady flow of business from us and our multiple friends .	meal	neutral
I LOVE LOVE LOVE the chicken supremes !	chicken supremes	neutral
I also love the sweet potato fries .	sweet potato fries	neutral
My husbands favorite is the penne pasta dish with the sausage .	penne pasta dish with the sausage	neutral
Great place .	place	neutral
Not quite a 5 star restaurant in my book .	restaurant	neutral
It could be perhaps , that I had the pleasure of experiecing French Laundry beforehand	French Laundry	neutral
They offered only a 5 course and what sounds like a very fulfilling 16 course chef menu .	chef menu	neutral
The food was good , but it did n't exactly blow me away .	food	neutral
I was disappointed with our last course as it had a combination of what seemed like cumin and curry spices mixed together .	course	neutral
I did n't want the chef to feel insulted .	chef	neutral
The only time they kept surprising us with all kinds of food was at the end during dessert .	dessert	neutral
In addition to our dessert that came with the chef 's tasting menu , we were given a selection of eclectic desserts on a cart as well as treated to gelato .	chef 's tasting menu	neutral
I really thought that I was going to be blown away by this restaurant especially since I read the raving reviews about the Chef Robuchon .	restaurant	neutral
I really thought that I was going to be blown away by this restaurant especially since I read the raving reviews about the Chef Robuchon .	Chef Robuchon	neutral
What sucks is that the price I paid for a 5 course tasting menu is about the same if not a a tiny bit more that I would pay at French Laundry and I would get a whole different adventure there .	5 course	neutral
What sucks is that the price I paid for a 5 course tasting menu is about the same if not a a tiny bit more that I would pay at French Laundry and I would get a whole different adventure there .	tasting menu	neutral
But the highlight is the bbq .	bbq	neutral
I 've tried the beef and pork types .	beef	neutral
I 've tried the beef and pork types .	pork	neutral
The best would be definitely the signature pork belly .	pork belly	neutral
The pork kalbi is not bad as well ( picture below )	pork kalbi	neutral
I always order a tofu stew with my meal and it is so tasty .	tofu stew	neutral
They also cut the meat for you into bite size pieces and allow a greater char and marbling on the meat itself .	meat	neutral
Excellent place and reasonable prices !	place	neutral
Their juices come in a bottle so be ready for that , otherwise not bad .	juices	neutral
Not a smoke - filled atmosphere so that was nice .	atmosphere	neutral
The waitress was the only one in the place , so she was swamped , but we did n't feel totally neglected .	waitress	neutral
The jelly was so good .	jelly	neutral
I got a jar of the mixed berry to take home .	mixed berry	neutral
The selection is great and the packaging is very attractive .	packaging	neutral
The food was great , and the restaurant is beautiful .	food	neutral
The food was great , and the restaurant is beautiful .	restaurant	neutral
Our server , Steve , however , was the star of the evening ; he was so attentive and friendly .	server	neutral
Our server , Steve , however , was the star of the evening ; he was so attentive and friendly .	Steve	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
I order the burbon salmon and it was excellent .	burbon salmon	neutral
I was very impressed with the staff .	staff	neutral
After our meal the manger stopped by to make sure we were taken care of and wish our table a happy mothers day .	manger	neutral
All the food was great and service was great .	food	neutral
All the food was great and service was great .	service	neutral
I will be back , Had a very enjoyable lunch .	lunch	neutral
I just had the yellow curry with pork and it was really good !	yellow curry with pork	neutral
The serving was enough for two meals .	serving	neutral
They did n't have tom kah or tom yum , but the rest of the menu looked good and the prices were reasonable .	menu	neutral
The waitresses were nice and the pastry chefs did a great job putting on a show preparing the desserts !	waitresses	neutral
The waitresses were nice and the pastry chefs did a great job putting on a show preparing the desserts !	pastry chefs	neutral
The waitresses were nice and the pastry chefs did a great job putting on a show preparing the desserts !	desserts	neutral
Sit at the bar if you can so you could watch the chefs in action .	chefs	neutral
Each plate is about $ 12 , so why not get a little something extra for $ 3 more .	plate	neutral
I ordered the Mars which is that red half ball	Mars	neutral
The chefs light up Hennessy ( alcohol ) and pour it on	Hennessy	neutral
The 2nd item was a coffee sorbet , so flavorful and had coffee jelly .	coffee sorbet	neutral
My gf ordered the Primavera , which was coconut Panna cotta , with fruits and raspberry raspberry sorbet .	Primavera	neutral
The 2nd item that came with it was a raspberry sorbet , very flavorful .	raspberry sorbet	neutral
Such good desserts !	desserts	neutral
I love cafe crepe	cafe	neutral
Waited in the drive thru over an hour for a Cobb salad with grilled chicken .	grilled chicken	neutral
Total fail Chick - Fil - A	Chick	neutral
No toppings other than chicken , breaded chicken that is .	chicken	neutral
I know it 's busy , but I waited patiently ... forever ... and I paid almost 11 bucks for a salad and a diet Dr Pepper ... can you just get my order right ?	salad	neutral
I know it 's busy , but I waited patiently ... forever ... and I paid almost 11 bucks for a salad and a diet Dr Pepper ... can you just get my order right ?	diet Dr Pepper	neutral
I had the TV fried rice and my husband had the steak sandwich .	TV fried rice	neutral
The rice was good with all the different meats and seafood , but the rice did n't have much flavor .	rice	neutral
The rice was good with all the different meats and seafood , but the rice did n't have much flavor .	meats	neutral
The rice was good with all the different meats and seafood , but the rice did n't have much flavor .	seafood	neutral
The rice was good with all the different meats and seafood , but the rice did n't have much flavor .	rice	neutral
The steak sandwich was good with mushrooms and the chips were different .	steak sandwich	neutral
The steak sandwich was good with mushrooms and the chips were different .	chips	neutral
Our waiter was n't overly friendly and he was a tad slow .	waiter	neutral
I am luke warm on Trader Vic 's ...	Trader Vic 's	neutral
We gave this place a shot and really enjoyed the food .	food	neutral
The restaurant was clean and the service was friendly and efficient .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant was clean and the service was friendly and efficient .	service	neutral
I 've wanted to try JJ 's for a while so my expectations were probably a little too high .	JJ	neutral
It 's so hard to find really good hot dogs and I thought this was finally the hot dog haven I 've been looking for .	hot dogs	neutral
First , the hot dogs were barely warm , and the onion rings were just about room temp .	hot dogs	neutral
First , the hot dogs were barely warm , and the onion rings were just about room temp .	onion rings	neutral
To me fried food is nearly disgusting when it is n't piping hot .	fried food	neutral
I really enjoyed the Char Heel , the hot dog had a nice crunch , and the chili was flavorful and savory .	Char Heel	neutral
I really enjoyed the Char Heel , the hot dog had a nice crunch , and the chili was flavorful and savory .	hot dog	neutral
I really enjoyed the Char Heel , the hot dog had a nice crunch , and the chili was flavorful and savory .	chili	neutral
Not at all the cheap hot dog chili found in a 79 cent can .	hot dog chili	neutral
The Chicago dog was a little less enticing .	Chicago dog	neutral
I 'm all for complex flavors , but with so many toppings they overpowered the hot dog .	toppings	neutral
I 'm all for complex flavors , but with so many toppings they overpowered the hot dog .	hot dog	neutral
Finally , the onion rings were sweet and had just enough batter on them , but I 've definitely had better .	onion rings	neutral
The interior is very clean and warm , a mashup of old school diner with a slight hipster vibe .	interior	neutral
I 'd like to assume they were just having an off day , and the next time I visit they 'll have the best hot dogs in Charlotte .	hot dogs	neutral
Love this place , whenever I have friends from out of town visiting I take them here and have them try the Veggy Burger .	place	neutral
Love this place , whenever I have friends from out of town visiting I take them here and have them try the Veggy Burger .	Veggy Burger	neutral
They are all amazed that the " Burger " they are eating is actually 100 % vegan .	Burger	neutral
The bartender looked very embarressed and said " he 's just kidding " so that 's what we thought at first	bartender	neutral
Here 's my recommendation to the owner - you may have great food ( which we never were able to try ) but treating people like this comes around to bite you .	food	neutral
He depicts the stereotype of a rude frenchman which reflects negatively on a beautiful City .	frenchman	neutral
He depicts the stereotype of a rude frenchman which reflects negatively on a beautiful City .	City	neutral
The chicken was good .	chicken	neutral
Descent customer service ...	customer service	neutral
My only criticism is , not as much food as I expected .	food	neutral
Located on 6th st in a historic house , this little jewel serves fresh coffee , bakery items , and breakfast dishes .	coffee	neutral
Located on 6th st in a historic house , this little jewel serves fresh coffee , bakery items , and breakfast dishes .	bakery	neutral
Located on 6th st in a historic house , this little jewel serves fresh coffee , bakery items , and breakfast dishes .	breakfast dishes	neutral
Their veggie egg scramble was my favorite !	veggie egg scramble	neutral
Ca n't wait to try the rest of the menu items !	menu	neutral
perfect amount of sauce and fresh mozzarella .	sauce	neutral
perfect amount of sauce and fresh mozzarella .	mozzarella	neutral
Had a great experience , came in with my family and the food was as phenomenal as the service !	food	neutral
Had a great experience , came in with my family and the food was as phenomenal as the service !	service	neutral
Love the outdoor patio area for relaxing and people watching .	outdoor patio area	neutral
Great meal and everything my friends	meal	neutral
I vow to return to try the French Dip !	French Dip	neutral
The food is subpar and pricey but the drinks are amazing .	food	neutral
The food is subpar and pricey but the drinks are amazing .	drinks	neutral
The hostesses are good looking too .	hostesses	neutral
We arrived and the hostess was very nice .	hostess	neutral
We were seated promptly but it took the server awhile to come over .	server	neutral
We ordered our food and after about 10 minutes another server came over and tried to have us order again .	server	neutral
Our server came over with our food and said that he would take the blooming onion and another food off the receipt because we had waited so long .	server	neutral
The waiter tried to make it right which was the best part of the lunch .	waiter	neutral
The waiter was very nice but the food was not great .	waiter	neutral
The waiter was very nice but the food was not great .	food	neutral
I gave this restaurant two stars because of the wait and the bad food .	wait	neutral
I gave this restaurant two stars because of the wait and the bad food .	food	neutral
Best restaurant in Vegas !	restaurant	neutral
Our service was spectacular and so generous !	service	neutral
The food was absolutely delectable .	food	neutral
Every single item on the menu that we ordered ( we ordered a lot ) was better than the last !	menu	neutral
Thanks Firefly for making my sister 's 21st her best birthday to date !	Firefly	neutral
The Customer Service was Excellent as well as my 2 Tommy 's Burgers ( extra Chili of course ) .	Customer Service	neutral
The Customer Service was Excellent as well as my 2 Tommy 's Burgers ( extra Chili of course ) .	Tommy 's	neutral
The Customer Service was Excellent as well as my 2 Tommy 's Burgers ( extra Chili of course ) .	Burgers	neutral
The food was good , which is why it got any stars .	food	neutral
The service was horrible .	service	neutral
I do n't like to complain but our waitress seemed to not have working on her mind .	waitress	neutral
The steak was awesome and I really enjoyed the baked potato and salad .	steak	neutral
The steak was awesome and I really enjoyed the baked potato and salad .	baked potato	neutral
Great job cooks !	cooks	neutral
Waitress staff really needs some help and motivation .	Waitress staff	neutral
I had the peanut butter and it was delicious - really creamy and not too overwhelming on the peanut butter flavor .	peanut butter	neutral
It was a good price for the serving and the service was friendly .	serving	neutral
It was a good price for the serving and the service was friendly .	service	neutral
I love the options they had here , they do n't skimp you on noodles or meat .	noodles	neutral
I got one of the special pho 's	pho	neutral
I kept pulling out different meats all the time .	meats	neutral
Sandwich is good , the bread to toppings ratio could be better ( less bread would be good ) .	Sandwich	neutral
Sandwich is good , the bread to toppings ratio could be better ( less bread would be good ) .	bread	neutral
Sandwich is good , the bread to toppings ratio could be better ( less bread would be good ) .	toppings	neutral
Also they have hilarious shirts .	shirts	neutral
So the only reason this place does n't get one star is because the food and the decor is actually pretty good .	place	neutral
So the only reason this place does n't get one star is because the food and the decor is actually pretty good .	food	neutral
So the only reason this place does n't get one star is because the food and the decor is actually pretty good .	decor	neutral
Today was our third time here and the service continues to get worse & worse .	service	neutral
Our server today Jules was the epitome of atrocious .	server	neutral
Then my wife asked for more sriracha honey sauce for her chicken & waffles , Jules never brought it .	chicken & waffles	neutral
I 'm not quite sure how this place works , but It does n't seem like the servers have sections .	servers	neutral
How can a server possible be all over the restaurant and give good service .	server	neutral
How can a server possible be all over the restaurant and give good service .	service	neutral
The server told me I was wrong and that 's the way the egg was suppose to be .	server	neutral
The server told me I was wrong and that 's the way the egg was suppose to be .	egg	neutral
I really want to like this place the food is really good , but service is poor , it takes too long for the food to come out , it makes me not want to come back .	food	neutral
I really want to like this place the food is really good , but service is poor , it takes too long for the food to come out , it makes me not want to come back .	service	neutral
Pizza was perfect .	Pizza	neutral
Exactly what a pizza should be .	pizza	neutral
Pepperoni was nice and thin , crust was thin but perfect folding slices .	Pepperoni	neutral
Pepperoni was nice and thin , crust was thin but perfect folding slices .	crust	neutral
Wings were actual wings !	Wings	neutral
We did the medium pizza with wings special and it was plenty of food .	medium pizza with wings special	neutral
Delivery was 45 minutes , exactly what the person who took my order said .	Delivery	neutral
We had a great meal here - service was good but not necessarily friendly , that 's ok .	service	neutral
really liked their spring roll and cheese wontons .	spring roll	neutral
really liked their spring roll and cheese wontons .	cheese wontons	neutral
My favorite part was the Pad Thai	Pad Thai	neutral
It 's not all sauce , peanuts and standard noodles like every other place .	sauce	neutral
I ordered it with tofu and it was AWESOME - the noodles in their Pad Thai are really wide and taste homemade .	Pad Thai	neutral
Pad Thai gets a bad rap , snobby folks tend to think of it as ordering sweet and sour chicken - but Pho Kim 88 's version is amazing and probably a lot different than what you are used to .	Pad Thai	neutral
You would definitely not come here if you were looking for the best Japanese food in Toronto , but if you want good Japanese food at a great price , this is the place for you .	Japanese food	neutral
You would definitely not come here if you were looking for the best Japanese food in Toronto , but if you want good Japanese food at a great price , this is the place for you .	Japanese food	neutral
Customer service is adequate and the ambiance is inviting for large groups .	Customer service	neutral
Customer service is adequate and the ambiance is inviting for large groups .	ambiance	neutral
She said that for the price , the food was plentiful and cheap .	food	neutral
The parking lot is kind of small for a restaurant this size .	parking lot	neutral
The service was fast .	service	neutral
The place is kind of dark and I almost tripped on a step that was hiding there , heh .	place	neutral
Anyways , we were seated in a nice cozy booth .	booth	neutral
The place was dimly lit to create a more quiet and romantic / intimate atmosphere .	place	neutral
The place was dimly lit to create a more quiet and romantic / intimate atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Nicely pulled off with a Southwest style decor .	Southwest	neutral
Nicely pulled off with a Southwest style decor .	decor	neutral
this is Mexican food .	Mexican food	neutral
It seems the only thing Mexican about the cuisine is the abundant use of Hispanic names in only some of their dishes .	cuisine	neutral
It seems the only thing Mexican about the cuisine is the abundant use of Hispanic names in only some of their dishes .	dishes	neutral
I do n't really care to be honest , if I wanted Mexican food ...	Mexican	neutral
Calamari , delicious .	Calamari	neutral
Prime rib sliders , delicious .	Prime rib sliders	neutral
Bruschetta with a bunch of sauces , delicious .	Bruschetta	neutral
Bruschetta with a bunch of sauces , delicious .	sauces	neutral
We got like one or two more dishes .	dishes	neutral
The only reason why I gave this place three stars was the scallops .	scallops	neutral
Do n't get me wrong , if it was n't salty it would 've been a fine dish and a fine meal for a nice night .	dish	neutral
Do n't get me wrong , if it was n't salty it would 've been a fine dish and a fine meal for a nice night .	meal	neutral
However , these scallops were so salty ... they made everything else I ate that night salty in flavor .	scallops	neutral
and I would n't mind recommending this place .	place	neutral
I would only advise anybody planning here to be careful with the scallops .	scallops	neutral
Clean restaurant with inside and patio seating .	restaurant	neutral
Clean restaurant with inside and patio seating .	inside	neutral
Clean restaurant with inside and patio seating .	patio seating	neutral
Bar options are diverse as is the happy hour menu .	Bar	neutral
Bar options are diverse as is the happy hour menu .	happy hour menu	neutral
Starter bread is top notch .	Starter bread	neutral
Spaghetti with meatballs and Alfredo Supremo are dishes we tasted and enjoyed very much .	Spaghetti with meatballs	neutral
Spaghetti with meatballs and Alfredo Supremo are dishes we tasted and enjoyed very much .	Alfredo Supremo	neutral
Pasta was cooked to perfection and sauces are fresh and taste great .	Pasta	neutral
Pasta was cooked to perfection and sauces are fresh and taste great .	sauces	neutral
Only reason I did n't give a five star rating was because the waiter did n't refill our drinks as quickly as one would expect .	waiter	neutral
The show was a lot of fun !	show	neutral
The food was n't too bad either .	food	neutral
You get a tomato soup , a biscuit , a giant piece of broccoli , a potato and a Cornish game hen .	tomato	neutral
You also get an apple fritter for dessert .	dessert	neutral
The corn came out as this dingy yellow color .	corn	neutral
Seriously the most amazing meat experience you will ever have ... unless of course your name is Pam An , or something like that .	meat	neutral
Please do n't waste your stomach space on useless vegetables and grains .	vegetables	neutral
Please do n't waste your stomach space on useless vegetables and grains .	grains	neutral
This is the Mecca of meat and deserves the proper respect .	meat	neutral
When those beautiful skewers come circling around the table with all of those different varieties of meat your moth will literally water .	skewers	neutral
When those beautiful skewers come circling around the table with all of those different varieties of meat your moth will literally water .	meat	neutral
the best meat place in Las Vegas hands down .	meat place	neutral
The servers were friendly , the meat was non stop , and dessert almost made it impossible to walk back to my car .	servers	neutral
The servers were friendly , the meat was non stop , and dessert almost made it impossible to walk back to my car .	meat	neutral
It was a long wait	wait	neutral
We did n't know whether to walk up and put our names on a list or if the line up was an actual line .	line	neutral
Other than the whole ordeal in the beginning , the service was decent and the food was just okay .	service	neutral
Other than the whole ordeal in the beginning , the service was decent and the food was just okay .	food	neutral
the chicken gaeng massaman and the wife had the chef 's special pad thai , both medium spice .	chicken gaeng massaman	neutral
the chicken gaeng massaman and the wife had the chef 's special pad thai , both medium spice .	chef 's special pad thai	neutral
The medium we had was more like mild .	medium	neutral
The pad thai was decent but over powered by cilantro .	pad thai	neutral
The massaman was too sweet and the potatoes were not cooked all the way through , there were some crunchy bits .	massaman	neutral
The massaman was too sweet and the potatoes were not cooked all the way through , there were some crunchy bits .	potatoes	neutral
I would probably wo n't come back here because of the negative atmosphere , chaos , mediocre food and the feeling of cramped space .	atmosphere	neutral
I would probably wo n't come back here because of the negative atmosphere , chaos , mediocre food and the feeling of cramped space .	food	neutral
I would probably wo n't come back here because of the negative atmosphere , chaos , mediocre food and the feeling of cramped space .	space	neutral
The service is good but not worth the food .	service	neutral
The one thing I know is that you ca n't get better Thai food in downtown Toronto other than this place .	Thai food	neutral
Slow service , average food .	service	neutral
Slow service , average food .	food	neutral
In fact , I had a 100 % better Cesar salad at pub in Seattle .	Cesar salad	neutral
The restaurant itself is nice and the bar area looked pretty lively .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant itself is nice and the bar area looked pretty lively .	bar area	neutral
On this visit I was not as impressed with the food as I was on my first visit .	food	neutral
I came here for breakfast and ordered the 2 egg breakfast which comes with bacon , potatoes , and your choice of bread .	2 egg breakfast	neutral
While waiting for our food , the waiter puts down a side plate of packets of butter and 2 miniature containers of syrup .	waiter	neutral
The butter packet was on top of the English muffin and it was barely toasted and soggy .	English muffin	neutral
The breakfast was fine however , the chicken apple sausage was very greasy .	breakfast	neutral
The breakfast was fine however , the chicken apple sausage was very greasy .	chicken apple sausage	neutral
My friends pancakes were tasty but also greasy and the portion was ginormous .	pancakes	neutral
My friends pancakes were tasty but also greasy and the portion was ginormous .	portion	neutral
Ginger salmon was very good .	Ginger salmon	neutral
Miso soup was served in a large bowl and for $ 1 .	Miso soup	neutral
Even with one server we never felt neglected and the food came out promptly .	server	neutral
Spicy tuna roll was excellent .	Spicy tuna roll	neutral
Other sushi was also very good .	sushi	neutral
Except for the spring roll which we had on our first visit , all items tonight were different from the last time and we look forward to trying even more items from their menu on the next visit .	spring roll	neutral
free WIFI- nice and roomy and a great staff .	WIFI-	neutral
free WIFI- nice and roomy and a great staff .	staff	neutral
Mike and I enjoyed a small but comfy couch while we talked and drank our favorites .	couch	neutral
I ordered a miso and a couple of maki rolls , not to die for but defiantly hits the spot .	miso	neutral
I ordered a miso and a couple of maki rolls , not to die for but defiantly hits the spot .	maki rolls	neutral
Lure is a little bit more pricey	Lure	neutral
The set design , creativity and talent on display in any Cirque show are always incredibly beautiful , leaving us to wonder , ' How the hell did they do THAT ? '	set	neutral
Except , typically Cirque .	Cirque	neutral
For a Vegas show , Cirque certainly delivers .	Cirque	neutral
But if you 're looking for a more traditional Cirque du Soleil with death - defying stunts that will leave you cross - eyed , this is not the show for you .	stunts	neutral
Combination of Vietnamese and HK style food .	Vietnamese	neutral
We ordered Portuguese chicken with spaghetti and the meat rice rolls .	Portuguese	neutral
We ordered Portuguese chicken with spaghetti and the meat rice rolls .	meat rice rolls	neutral
Prices for the food were quite good and the food was pretty tasty .	food	neutral
Prices for the food were quite good and the food was pretty tasty .	food	neutral
Recommend going here if you 're looking for a fast place to eat with good service .	service	neutral
I am impressed at how solid this buffet turned out given the affordable $ 10 price tag ..	buffet	neutral
Their options included all of the standard asian buffet items : raw bar , sushi bar , Mongolian grill , steamed bar , an extensive dessert selection , and some notably good choices such as bacon - wrapped shrimp , beef short ribs , scallop / crab baked clam shells and	raw bar	neutral
Their options included all of the standard asian buffet items : raw bar , sushi bar , Mongolian grill , steamed bar , an extensive dessert selection , and some notably good choices such as bacon - wrapped shrimp , beef short ribs , scallop / crab baked clam shells and	sushi bar	neutral
Their options included all of the standard asian buffet items : raw bar , sushi bar , Mongolian grill , steamed bar , an extensive dessert selection , and some notably good choices such as bacon - wrapped shrimp , beef short ribs , scallop / crab baked clam shells and	Mongolian grill	neutral
Their options included all of the standard asian buffet items : raw bar , sushi bar , Mongolian grill , steamed bar , an extensive dessert selection , and some notably good choices such as bacon - wrapped shrimp , beef short ribs , scallop / crab baked clam shells and	steamed bar	neutral
Their options included all of the standard asian buffet items : raw bar , sushi bar , Mongolian grill , steamed bar , an extensive dessert selection , and some notably good choices such as bacon - wrapped shrimp , beef short ribs , scallop / crab baked clam shells and	dessert selection	neutral
Their options included all of the standard asian buffet items : raw bar , sushi bar , Mongolian grill , steamed bar , an extensive dessert selection , and some notably good choices such as bacon - wrapped shrimp , beef short ribs , scallop / crab baked clam shells and	bacon	neutral
Their options included all of the standard asian buffet items : raw bar , sushi bar , Mongolian grill , steamed bar , an extensive dessert selection , and some notably good choices such as bacon - wrapped shrimp , beef short ribs , scallop / crab baked clam shells and	beef short ribs	neutral
I noticed ( but did n't try ) that they have a custom taco section .	taco section	neutral
My choice spot from now on if I am looking to fill up on a large variety of things for a good price .	spot	neutral
For a similarly priced solid Indian buffet check out Indian Oven further East .	Indian buffet	neutral
Super quick service and you can not go wrong with the selection .	service	neutral
but it 's expected for all you can eat .	all you can eat	neutral
Definitely a recommended sushi place in town .	sushi place	neutral
Since there 's always a line for seafood , any food items on that section are constantly filled with ppl standing in line .	seafood	neutral
In between the 20 mins , I saw the server in that section handing 4 jars each to 3 customers that appear to know them .	server	neutral
I 'm Asian & since they were conversing in Chinese , I can tell the server was cutting slacks for them & let them have more soup , leaving other customers waiting & go back for nothing .	server	neutral
For those that are not willing to pay , you can pay a ' robbing ' $ 20/person on top of the buffet price for the express lines with no wait .	express lines	neutral
For those that are not willing to pay , you can pay a ' robbing ' $ 20/person on top of the buffet price for the express lines with no wait .	wait	neutral
But the reality is , it s just another Vegas buffet & noting really special at all .	buffet	neutral
The food are pretty much the same as other more recent buffet .	food	neutral
It is just not worth the wait & the food really does n't justify the price .	food	neutral
Again as I noted at my other Vegas buffet reviews , I still think the Seafood Buffet at M Resort is still better than most of the new recent buffet .	Seafood Buffet	neutral
Cheaper price , shorter wait & unlimited beer & wine , you ca n't really go wrong !	wait	neutral
Cheaper price , shorter wait & unlimited beer & wine , you ca n't really go wrong !	beer	neutral
Cheaper price , shorter wait & unlimited beer & wine , you ca n't really go wrong !	wine	neutral
Great food and enviroment .	food	neutral
Great food and enviroment .	enviroment	neutral
Love the smell right as you walk in .	smell	neutral
Very friendly staff is very accomidating .	staff	neutral
Love coming to this place .	place	neutral
My favorite are the macaroons and the coffee frappes .	macaroons	neutral
My favorite are the macaroons and the coffee frappes .	coffee frappes	neutral
The staff is very nice and kind	staff	neutral
and I love the anime feel of the place .	place	neutral
It 's fine , but the tacos were pretty standard ( and no picante sauce options to add flavour ) .	tacos	neutral
Beer selection is trying for authentic Mexican ( read : you are n't going to find anything local or interesting ) , and the sangria is okay ( much better at Torito around the corner ) .	Beer selection	neutral
Beer selection is trying for authentic Mexican ( read : you are n't going to find anything local or interesting ) , and the sangria is okay ( much better at Torito around the corner ) .	sangria	neutral
Safe food , and it 's only amazing thing	food	neutral
is they still have the fabulous patio from its former owners , The Bellevue .	patio	neutral
I 'd love to give more than 5 stars for this place .	place	neutral
The staff was amazing & the food was even better !	staff	neutral
The staff was amazing & the food was even better !	food	neutral
( we got the trailer park & the caprese sandwich with French fries & the banana bread desert - literally no complaints about any of the above . )	trailer park	neutral
( we got the trailer park & the caprese sandwich with French fries & the banana bread desert - literally no complaints about any of the above . )	caprese sandwich with French fries	neutral
( we got the trailer park & the caprese sandwich with French fries & the banana bread desert - literally no complaints about any of the above . )	banana bread desert	neutral
The host was really sweet allowed me to order my food at the front desk .	host	neutral
The enchiladas were really good , definitely order again .	enchiladas	neutral
Although I liked the shrimp as a starter not sure if I 'd order again , it was good but not special	shrimp	neutral
I ended up eating it with my enchiladas as I felt they needed something more .	enchiladas	neutral
Bartender was really nice , I would go back and order another margarita from him .	Bartender	neutral
This place is a gem .	place	neutral
The staff is why I keep coming back : Will , Keith and Head Butcher Candice - they make incredible recommendations and and recipe suggestions .	staff	neutral
The staff is why I keep coming back : Will , Keith and Head Butcher Candice - they make incredible recommendations and and recipe suggestions .	Candice	neutral
Plus , I know that my meat did n't come from some kind of horrible feedlot where animals are pumped full of hormones and antibiotics .	feedlot	neutral
Try the citrus duck burgers , the grassfed hanger steak and the miami ribs .	citrus duck burgers	neutral
Try the citrus duck burgers , the grassfed hanger steak and the miami ribs .	grassfed hanger steak	neutral
Try the citrus duck burgers , the grassfed hanger steak and the miami ribs .	miami ribs	neutral
HAHA Great people / dog watching patios !	people	neutral
HAHA Great people / dog watching patios !	dog watching	neutral
HAHA Great people / dog watching patios !	patios	neutral
I suppose the most important thing to focus on when attempting to duplicate a successful business is making sure the quality of product translates .	product	neutral
No windows , loud music and loungers .	music	neutral
No windows , loud music and loungers .	loungers	neutral
Maybe it 's just me , but all the light really makes me take notice of the wretched uniforms they had these folks wearing .....	uniforms	neutral
and I do n't pay attention because they REALLY know their coffee stuff and by all accounts have the same level of adoration for these drinks that I do !	drinks	neutral
It 's just my fervent hope that these chains do n't water down the character and atmosphere of the coffee house I have grown to love so much .	atmosphere	neutral
It 's just my fervent hope that these chains do n't water down the character and atmosphere of the coffee house I have grown to love so much .	coffee house	neutral
The one and only star is for the bartender .	bartender	neutral
That said , I 've never had mexican food	mexican food	neutral
I knew as soon as I tasted the chips and salsa- terrible - that I was in for bad food .	chips	neutral
I knew as soon as I tasted the chips and salsa- terrible - that I was in for bad food .	salsa-	neutral
Guacamole needed salt .	Guacamole	neutral
Chips needed salt .	Chips	neutral
Rice was the worst I 've ever had .	Rice	neutral
Chili Relleno was almost not edible .	Chili Relleno	neutral
Service was HORRIBLE -	Service	neutral
Said the mole was great .	mole	neutral
My husband had the salmon .	salmon	neutral
The atmosphere is just like you 've traveled south of the border .	atmosphere	neutral
The host , waiters and staff were courteous and attentive .	host	neutral
The host , waiters and staff were courteous and attentive .	waiters	neutral
The host , waiters and staff were courteous and attentive .	staff	neutral
To start our meal we received the chips , salsa , and bean dip and mmmmmm was it authentic and delicious .	chips	neutral
To start our meal we received the chips , salsa , and bean dip and mmmmmm was it authentic and delicious .	salsa	neutral
To start our meal we received the chips , salsa , and bean dip and mmmmmm was it authentic and delicious .	bean dip	neutral
My meal was preceded by a small bowl of tasty fideo ( skinny noodles in a soup ) .	fideo ( skinny noodles in a soup )	neutral
I ordered their two ( medium sized ) burritos and my wife ordered the mole .	burritos	neutral
We arrived during happy hour and we each had a Mango Margarita and they were potent .	Mango Margarita	neutral
Service is slow but worth the wait .	Service	neutral
Tried everything from Quesadilla ( An authentic version with beans and cheese ) to fajitas ( also authentic with spicy red sauce ) to Huevos Rancheros	Quesadilla	neutral
Tried everything from Quesadilla ( An authentic version with beans and cheese ) to fajitas ( also authentic with spicy red sauce ) to Huevos Rancheros	fajitas	neutral
Tried everything from Quesadilla ( An authentic version with beans and cheese ) to fajitas ( also authentic with spicy red sauce ) to Huevos Rancheros	Huevos Rancheros	neutral
( Oh so heavenly ) and Open faced cheese enchiladas .	cheese enchiladas	neutral
Open face cheese enchiladas came with eggs , and a variety of sides .	cheese enchiladas	neutral
I took one bit of my concoction ( I put the egg wrapped in the enchilada , beans , rice , salsa , sour cream ? )	enchilada	neutral
I took one bit of my concoction ( I put the egg wrapped in the enchilada , beans , rice , salsa , sour cream ? )	rice	neutral
I took one bit of my concoction ( I put the egg wrapped in the enchilada , beans , rice , salsa , sour cream ? )	salsa	neutral
Of this perfect moment in culinary heaven .	culinary	neutral
And I had their sopapillas which come with meals with some beans and cheese in it after , which was a fine closure to the worlds perfect meal .	sopapillas	neutral
Service is always slow here , just like in Mexico ;D	Service	neutral
but all of the food is fresh and worth the wait .	food	neutral
Chips and salsa are ' alright ' .	Chips	neutral
Chips and salsa are ' alright ' .	salsa	neutral
This also happens to be my first time trying Indian food and they nailed it .	Indian food	neutral
First off , when you walk in the vibe is great and the decor was nice as well as very modern .	vibe	neutral
First off , when you walk in the vibe is great and the decor was nice as well as very modern .	decor	neutral
The food is awesome too ! !	food	neutral
The cauliflower order was just ancbhandbajdhwhtjwjjf ( I have no words to explain how good it was ) .	cauliflower order	neutral
But yes the food : great , service : great , ambience : great .	food	neutral
But yes the food : great , service : great , ambience : great .	service	neutral
But yes the food : great , service : great , ambience : great .	ambience	neutral
The food is a little spicy too but very tasty .	food	neutral
The aesthetics here are great but the food is ALRIGHT at best .	food	neutral
We got the sushi course for $ 75 ( does n't indicate for how many people	sushi	neutral
choice 10 piece sushi	sushi	neutral
roll ( meh )	roll	neutral
My 3 stars is for the nice customer service and sashimi which was actually decently fresh and good !	customer service	neutral
My 3 stars is for the nice customer service and sashimi which was actually decently fresh and good !	sashimi	neutral
but it just did n't seem worth it for the unimpressive sushi .	sushi	neutral
If you 're already sitting at the restaurant , I would say to just load up on the sashimi and get the sea urchin !	sashimi	neutral
If you 're already sitting at the restaurant , I would say to just load up on the sashimi and get the sea urchin !	sea urchin	neutral
If you 're up for casual , no - frills dining with absolutely delicious , filling , and inexpensive food , Chicken Latino is definitely for you !	food	neutral
If you 're up for casual , no - frills dining with absolutely delicious , filling , and inexpensive food , Chicken Latino is definitely for you !	Chicken Latino	neutral
The menu is basically built around the most delicious roasted Peruvian chicken that ever was .	menu	neutral
The menu is basically built around the most delicious roasted Peruvian chicken that ever was .	roasted Peruvian chicken	neutral
I thought Boston Market chicken was made with crack , but no , this must be .	Boston Market chicken	neutral
This chicken is juicy , tender , and excellently spiced and herbed .	chicken	neutral
I usually get a 1/4 or 1/2 roasted / rotisserie chicken , but you can get the chicken in other dishes like rice and bean bowls , burritos , quesadillas and sandwiches .	rice	neutral
I usually get a 1/4 or 1/2 roasted / rotisserie chicken , but you can get the chicken in other dishes like rice and bean bowls , burritos , quesadillas and sandwiches .	bean bowls	neutral
I usually get a 1/4 or 1/2 roasted / rotisserie chicken , but you can get the chicken in other dishes like rice and bean bowls , burritos , quesadillas and sandwiches .	burritos	neutral
I usually get a 1/4 or 1/2 roasted / rotisserie chicken , but you can get the chicken in other dishes like rice and bean bowls , burritos , quesadillas and sandwiches .	quesadillas	neutral
If you like spicy , the spicy green sauce served on the side is a must .	spicy green sauce	neutral
The staff recommends adding some mayo to the sauce to dumb down the spice a little , to dip fries or yuca fries in .	sauce	neutral
Speaking of , the yuca fries are very good .	yuca fries	neutral
The staff is friendly and quick and the overall experience is quite wonderful .	staff	neutral
I recommend this steak house .	steak house	neutral
The steaks are delicious and meaty .	steaks	neutral
The bernaise sauce was delicious .	bernaise sauce	neutral
very busy place .	place	neutral
Ordered for large group and staff was very friendly and accommodating .	staff	neutral
I built own poke bowl which I usually do , so I never had a bad poke bowl before .	poke	neutral
I built own poke bowl which I usually do , so I never had a bad poke bowl before .	poke	neutral
My poke came out good .	poke	neutral
They had complimentary miso soup which was n't good at all though .	miso soup	neutral
Good service and good staff .	service	neutral
Good service and good staff .	staff	neutral
Very convenience location .	location	neutral
I noticed no one has written a review for " The Martini " ( previously known as Martini 's ) .	Martini	neutral
I noticed no one has written a review for " The Martini " ( previously known as Martini 's ) .	Martini 's	neutral
I've been so busy ( aka lazy LOL ) , but I honestly think the people who work here and run the place are terrific and I hope a favorable first review will inspire other people to try this place .	place	neutral
The prices on the Strip are outrageous ( yes a $ 20 martini is not just an urban legend )	martini	neutral
I had only been to the old Martini 's once after pulling one of my all - nighters	Martini	neutral
Regardless , I was excited to try " The Martini " for the first time .	Martini	neutral
My first impression when entering the place is that it 's elegantly laid out and immaculately clean .	place	neutral
This is not the case with The Martini -- it 's nice .	Martini	neutral
The staff here is GREAT	staff	neutral
and I 've been here several times and have always had great service .	service	neutral
The manager Nick is also great	manager	neutral
The manager Nick is also great	Nick	neutral
I 've also met several other industry people who work at restaurants / bars in the surrounding area , which is always a great sign that the place is good .	place	neutral
The Martini also has a extensive & diverse food menu that 's way better than your typical bar food .	food menu	neutral
In the 6 or 7 occasions I 've been here since their reopening , I 've tried several dishes and have n't been disappointed yet .	dishes	neutral
I really enjoyed their cheese & salumi plate and they use a filet for their steak & egg breakfast , which i did find exceptionally good .	cheese & salumi plate	neutral
I really enjoyed their cheese & salumi plate and they use a filet for their steak & egg breakfast , which i did find exceptionally good .	steak & egg breakfast	neutral
so they have a wide selection of martinis & martini - esque drinks to choose from .	martinis	neutral
so they have a wide selection of martinis & martini - esque drinks to choose from .	martini	neutral
so they have a wide selection of martinis & martini - esque drinks to choose from .	drinks	neutral
I 've tried the traditional and the Pom , which were both good and balanced .	Pom	neutral
They also have a pretty good wine list to choose from , both by the glass and the bottle and several beers on tap .	wine list	neutral
They also have a pretty good wine list to choose from , both by the glass and the bottle and several beers on tap .	glass	neutral
They also have a pretty good wine list to choose from , both by the glass and the bottle and several beers on tap .	bottle	neutral
I really like The ' new ' Martini	Martini	neutral
and it 's my new go - to place near my house .	place	neutral
We 've been to this place about 3 times , and I came to notice that most dishes are mostly vegetables with a little bit of seafood when in reality it should be the other way around in which I receive more seafood than vegetables .	dishes	neutral
Came from Alaska wanting to try the hookah lounge .	hookah lounge	neutral
I found this place and had one of the best experiences ever .	place	neutral
The Hookah was made perfectly ... and I mean perfectly .	Hookah	neutral
This place tries really hard to be pretentious ....	place	neutral
We had the prosciutto pizza , and also the mushroom pizza .	prosciutto pizza	neutral
We had the prosciutto pizza , and also the mushroom pizza .	mushroom pizza	neutral
The crust was thin , but had the texture and taste of cardboard .	crust	neutral
The toppings were minimal to barely existent .	toppings	neutral
Hardly any sauce and scant toppings .	sauce	neutral
Hardly any sauce and scant toppings .	toppings	neutral
Not what I wanted when paying around $ 20 for a pizza .	pizza	neutral
This great place opened down the street from my house and I love it !	place	neutral
I have to agree that the hot sauce is just a franks knock - off or actual franks red hot itself .	hot sauce	neutral
Some sort of proprietary sauce would do well similar to what Nando 's does with their own sauce .	sauce	neutral
Some sort of proprietary sauce would do well similar to what Nando 's does with their own sauce .	sauce	neutral
Regardless this is a great place which I will continue to frequent .	place	neutral
Oh yeah , get the grilled not to rotisserie and being able to call ahead is a great bonus .	grilled not	neutral
This restaurant is better than most , but for a $ 90 meal ( 2 entrees and two glasses of wine ) , I would have expected more .	meal	neutral
I had four well prepared sauteed scallops .	sauteed	neutral
I had four well prepared sauteed scallops .	scallops	neutral
The mashed potatoes were " pasty " .	mashed potatoes	neutral
My wife had the pretzel covered walleye with roasted sweet potatoes .	pretzel	neutral
The sprouts should have been par boiled before they were roasted .	sprouts	neutral
Despite the nice service and ambiance , I did n't think the value of the meal approached	service	neutral
Despite the nice service and ambiance , I did n't think the value of the meal approached	ambiance	neutral
Despite the nice service and ambiance , I did n't think the value of the meal approached	meal	neutral
If you come here you MUST have the chicken and waffles and/or the Biscuits and Gravy .	chicken and waffles	neutral
If you come here you MUST have the chicken and waffles and/or the Biscuits and Gravy .	Biscuits and Gravy	neutral
Unbelievable menu and smooth atmosphere	menu	neutral
Unbelievable menu and smooth atmosphere	atmosphere	neutral
japan meets dark , modern chic ambiance in the palms hotel .	ambiance	neutral
i 've had good sushi , bad sushi , salty sushi , old sushi .	sushi	neutral
i 've had good sushi , bad sushi , salty sushi , old sushi .	sushi	neutral
i 've had good sushi , bad sushi , salty sushi , old sushi .	sushi	neutral
i 've had good sushi , bad sushi , salty sushi , old sushi .	sushi	neutral
of all the sushis , this one was the best .	sushis	neutral
we ordered everything under the sun , from miso to rainbow rolls to tempura to unagi .	miso	neutral
we ordered everything under the sun , from miso to rainbow rolls to tempura to unagi .	rainbow	neutral
After about 20 mins it comes out minus the aioli , and overcooked to the point it needs the extra lube , and tots are ice cold ..	tots	neutral
I tell the server the Burger is overcooked , and missing the sauce .	Burger	neutral
Here 's the important part , all I wanted at that point was the sauce .	sauce	neutral
Not the management attention , not the rolling eyes of the judging server , not compensation , free food , sympathy , or a hug , just the aioli that was promised on the description .	server	neutral
I got the sauce , the burger was comped .	sauce	neutral
I got the sauce , the burger was comped .	burger	neutral
The tots remained frozen to the plate .	tots	neutral
This place is great .	place	neutral
And their Mango Slushie was to die for .	Mango Slushie	neutral
Definitely a place to visit espcially when in Vegas .	place	neutral
Best pizza and staff in the city !	pizza	neutral
Best pizza and staff in the city !	staff	neutral
We had 3 small pizzas for the 5 of us and that was perfect !	pizzas	neutral
The grilled rosemary lemonade was scrumptious !	grilled rosemary lemonade	neutral
The place was clean and fresh also a lot of space which is good	place	neutral
The food and drinks got there really quick which was perfect .	food	neutral
The food and drinks got there really quick which was perfect .	drinks	neutral
The only downfall is I wish that was more flavor in their seasoning mix .	seasoning mix	neutral
Service was amazing no complain about it	Service	neutral
Love love the Laos food here .	Laos food	neutral
Ordered the soup ( banh canh or khao piak ) , beef salad , and the papaya salad .	beef salad	neutral
Ordered the soup ( banh canh or khao piak ) , beef salad , and the papaya salad .	papaya salad	neutral
We asked the papaya salad to be mild spicy	papaya salad	neutral
We got sticky rice too along with our dishes .	dishes	neutral
The location is in a shady area , but the food is really delicious and authentic .	location	neutral
The location is in a shady area , but the food is really delicious and authentic .	food	neutral
As many Yelpers have pointed out , the food here lacks seasoning , is bland and	food	neutral
This was the case with our food , as well .	food	neutral
The layout of the restaurant is awkward .	restaurant	neutral
Many tables are right next to wait stations or the bathrooms , which is very uncomfortable .	wait	neutral
The wait staff is slow and inattentive .	wait staff	neutral
I had high expectations and really wanted it to be a good place to go as I love the idea of the place , we were out on a Friday celebrating a friends birthday .	place	neutral
The creativity of what the burgers had on them and quality of those toppings are great as well as the variety of ways you can get french fries ( garlic truffle were the best we tried ) .	burgers	neutral
The creativity of what the burgers had on them and quality of those toppings are great as well as the variety of ways you can get french fries ( garlic truffle were the best we tried ) .	toppings	neutral
The creativity of what the burgers had on them and quality of those toppings are great as well as the variety of ways you can get french fries ( garlic truffle were the best we tried ) .	french fries	neutral
The creativity of what the burgers had on them and quality of those toppings are great as well as the variety of ways you can get french fries ( garlic truffle were the best we tried ) .	garlic truffle	neutral
The decor is nice and it is in a good part of town .	decor	neutral
Service was great as well	Service	neutral
The problem started with their kegged cocktails , 3 out of 4 of them tasted extremely tart and overly sugared to the point where you could n't tell what was really in them ( the margarita was good )	kegged cocktails	neutral
The problem started with their kegged cocktails , 3 out of 4 of them tasted extremely tart and overly sugared to the point where you could n't tell what was really in them ( the margarita was good )	margarita	neutral
The other major problem was the quality of the beef patty , much like the other reviews the patty was bland and overcooked .	beef patty	neutral
The other major problem was the quality of the beef patty , much like the other reviews the patty was bland and overcooked .	patty	neutral
2 out of the 6 at our table had what they thought a patty that was cooked to where it was n't overly dry , the rest of us felt it was dry and flavorless .	patty	neutral
My advice is this place just needs to improve the quality of their meat , the kegged cocktails is just a matter of taste , but the flavorless dry beef patties is a big deal , nobody wants to spend $ 10 on a burger that relies completely on the bun and toppings .	meat	neutral
My advice is this place just needs to improve the quality of their meat , the kegged cocktails is just a matter of taste , but the flavorless dry beef patties is a big deal , nobody wants to spend $ 10 on a burger that relies completely on the bun and toppings .	kegged cocktails	neutral
My advice is this place just needs to improve the quality of their meat , the kegged cocktails is just a matter of taste , but the flavorless dry beef patties is a big deal , nobody wants to spend $ 10 on a burger that relies completely on the bun and toppings .	flavorless	neutral
My advice is this place just needs to improve the quality of their meat , the kegged cocktails is just a matter of taste , but the flavorless dry beef patties is a big deal , nobody wants to spend $ 10 on a burger that relies completely on the bun and toppings .	dry beef patties	neutral
My advice is this place just needs to improve the quality of their meat , the kegged cocktails is just a matter of taste , but the flavorless dry beef patties is a big deal , nobody wants to spend $ 10 on a burger that relies completely on the bun and toppings .	burger	neutral
My advice is this place just needs to improve the quality of their meat , the kegged cocktails is just a matter of taste , but the flavorless dry beef patties is a big deal , nobody wants to spend $ 10 on a burger that relies completely on the bun and toppings .	bun	neutral
My advice is this place just needs to improve the quality of their meat , the kegged cocktails is just a matter of taste , but the flavorless dry beef patties is a big deal , nobody wants to spend $ 10 on a burger that relies completely on the bun and toppings .	toppings	neutral
It 's amazing that you can find such fresh fish in the middle of the desert !	fish	neutral
I ordered the lunch time sashimi special ( $ 9 . 99 ) .	sashimi	neutral
Big pieces of fish	fish	neutral
The service is pleasant and the bathrooms are clean .	service	neutral
The service is pleasant and the bathrooms are clean .	bathrooms	neutral
Overall great place to go grab some lunch !	place	neutral
The staff was very friendly and the service was amazingly fast for a Saturday night .	staff	neutral
The staff was very friendly and the service was amazingly fast for a Saturday night .	service	neutral
I enjoyed my Asian burger and the Mac and cheese had a great flavoring to it .	Asian burger	neutral
I enjoyed my Asian burger and the Mac and cheese had a great flavoring to it .	Mac and cheese	neutral
Love the flavors not just some ordinary Japanese Restuarant , the ambiance and customers service is always on point .	Japanese	neutral
Love the flavors not just some ordinary Japanese Restuarant , the ambiance and customers service is always on point .	Restuarant	neutral
Love the flavors not just some ordinary Japanese Restuarant , the ambiance and customers service is always on point .	ambiance	neutral
Love the flavors not just some ordinary Japanese Restuarant , the ambiance and customers service is always on point .	customers service	neutral
This place is the best we 've had since moving to Vegas .	place	neutral
Staff Terisita and Joe were very nice , personable and really helpful in deciding what we wanted .	Staff	neutral
Staff Terisita and Joe were very nice , personable and really helpful in deciding what we wanted .	Terisita	neutral
Staff Terisita and Joe were very nice , personable and really helpful in deciding what we wanted .	Joe	neutral
Great food !	food	neutral
The server had no grace - just kind of threw the menus on the table and the food we ordered .	server	neutral
Boneless wings were waaaay over salted , and they tasted like the chicken was fluffy and had holes in it - like very over processed .	Boneless wings	neutral
The tater tots were crispy outside , gummy inside .	tater tots	neutral
None of us finished our meals , and the server did n't notice or care .	server	neutral
Wish we had gone to Wild Mango .	Wild Mango	neutral
Nothing fancy but the food is good .	food	neutral
Nice clean diner - style restaurant .	diner	neutral
Nice clean diner - style restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
I came here with a relative expecting to enjoy some quick service pastries , and with the sophisticated decor , I was anticipating the pastries and crepes to come .	pastries	neutral
I came here with a relative expecting to enjoy some quick service pastries , and with the sophisticated decor , I was anticipating the pastries and crepes to come .	decor	neutral
The menu was rather small , it was a set menu of specials in addition to some regular items .	menu	neutral
The pastries looked fabulous inside of the display case .	pastries	neutral
In addition to the crepes and pastries , they also had varieties of beverages that were interesting as well .	crepes	neutral
In addition to the crepes and pastries , they also had varieties of beverages that were interesting as well .	pastries	neutral
In addition to the crepes and pastries , they also had varieties of beverages that were interesting as well .	beverages	neutral
I 've preciously enjoyed Japanese crepes before from many places , so I had some rather high expectations from the pricey options and higher - level atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
As for the crepe itself , the process looked very complex and took way too long .	crepe	neutral
By the time I received it the crepe was cold and also it was honestly rather tasteless .	crepe	neutral
The bananas were ripe and the chocolate syrup was a bit overdone , but it was very difficult to enjoy with a cold and soggy crepe .	chocolate syrup	neutral
The bananas were ripe and the chocolate syrup was a bit overdone , but it was very difficult to enjoy with a cold and soggy crepe .	crepe	neutral
I prefer my crepes a bit more cooked and also with some more flavor being the entire focus of the dish .	crepes	neutral
The ice cream was n't anything special either , just some typical green tea ice cream or something salted that was recommended by someone behind the register .	ice cream	neutral
After having the tasteless crepe and overpowering chocolate syrup , I was expecting something better from the chocolate cake , perhaps something that came together a bit more , but I was wrong .	crepe	neutral
After having the tasteless crepe and overpowering chocolate syrup , I was expecting something better from the chocolate cake , perhaps something that came together a bit more , but I was wrong .	chocolate syrup	neutral
After having the tasteless crepe and overpowering chocolate syrup , I was expecting something better from the chocolate cake , perhaps something that came together a bit more , but I was wrong .	chocolate cake	neutral
Although the cake was soft , it was also tasteless .	cake	neutral
The process took a long time , the crepe was cold , the food was tasteless , and no one bothered to check if anything was good , as a matter of fact , the staff themselves were n't that friendly either .	crepe	neutral
The process took a long time , the crepe was cold , the food was tasteless , and no one bothered to check if anything was good , as a matter of fact , the staff themselves were n't that friendly either .	staff	neutral
Overall , great service , great food , and cute place !	service	neutral
Overall , great service , great food , and cute place !	food	neutral
Overall , great service , great food , and cute place !	place	neutral
I love that face up single deck blackjack is offered here , too many casinos have gotten rid of that game .	blackjack	neutral
I asked if the chairs had backs and they did	chairs	neutral
Hands down , it was the best Caesar salad we 've ever had .	Caesar salad	neutral
Everything else we had was great too -- octopus appetizer , steak , veal chop , and dessert , also made by David .	octopus appetizer	neutral
Everything else we had was great too -- octopus appetizer , steak , veal chop , and dessert , also made by David .	steak	neutral
Everything else we had was great too -- octopus appetizer , steak , veal chop , and dessert , also made by David .	veal chop	neutral
Everything else we had was great too -- octopus appetizer , steak , veal chop , and dessert , also made by David .	dessert	neutral
Margaritas were also excellent .	Margaritas	neutral
The vibe added to the experience .	vibe	neutral
Very nice place ...	place	neutral
Good Vibe ...	Vibe	neutral
Lovely atmosphere ...	atmosphere	neutral
Decoration and setup is simply beautiful .	Decoration	neutral
Decoration and setup is simply beautiful .	setup	neutral
The service was great ...	service	neutral
The food is not the best in town but value for money is excellent .	food	neutral
The sandwiches were the best Italian sandwiches my wife	sandwiches	neutral
The sandwiches were the best Italian sandwiches my wife	Italian	neutral
The bread was just the right amount of hard / crunchy but not too tough .	bread	neutral
What a great place , a hidden gem .	place	neutral
I had the works breakfast with nutty French toast .	French toast	neutral
The bacon had a nice smokey flavor .	bacon	neutral
The French toast was amazing , it reminded me of my grandmothers pecan sticky rolls .	French toast	neutral
Highly recommend the special churro .	special	neutral
Highly recommend the special churro .	churro	neutral
We got churro + condensed milk + Oreo topping + matcha ice cream .	churro	neutral
Churro is very soft and tasty , but ice cream is just regular matcha ice cream you get at the AYCE sushi place , nothing special .	Churro	neutral
Churro is very soft and tasty , but ice cream is just regular matcha ice cream you get at the AYCE sushi place , nothing special .	ice	neutral
Churro is very soft and tasty , but ice cream is just regular matcha ice cream you get at the AYCE sushi place , nothing special .	cream	neutral
The Cumberland avenue store brews good , if not memorable , lattes and espressi .	lattes	neutral
The Cumberland avenue store brews good , if not memorable , lattes and espressi .	espressi	neutral
They also have great lunch options , baked goods and smoothies .	lunch	neutral
They also have great lunch options , baked goods and smoothies .	baked	neutral
They also have great lunch options , baked goods and smoothies .	smoothies	neutral
This review is based on the cinnamon rolls only - because they also serve a humble breakfast , of which I did not get to partake in .	breakfast	neutral
I ordered a mini roll to try and it was delicious .	mini roll	neutral
Maybe it was the 5 star rating I saw for this place , I think I expected too much .	place	neutral
the restaurant is pretty small .	restaurant	neutral
The service was quite prompt .	service	neutral
The menu had limited options and they did not have bibimbap .	menu	neutral
The menu had limited options and they did not have bibimbap .	bibimbap	neutral
The bulgogi was served almost instantly which probably meant the food was prepared in advance .	bulgogi	neutral
The pork donkatsu was not bad but the sauce on top of it tasted a lot like ketchup .	pork donkatsu	neutral
The pork donkatsu was not bad but the sauce on top of it tasted a lot like ketchup .	sauce	neutral
The service was a bit lacking as no one came to refill our water .	service	neutral
This place is more a 2 . 5 star overall .	place	neutral
Customer service my ass .	Customer service	neutral
The reason I like Showmars is that you pretty much always know what you 're going to get ... and that is good home cooked food , and quickly .	food	neutral
I grabbed a seat at the counter to watch the chaos in the Kitchen , and to watch the ONE waitress bust her tail in order to make her customers happy .	Kitchen	neutral
I grabbed a seat at the counter to watch the chaos in the Kitchen , and to watch the ONE waitress bust her tail in order to make her customers happy .	waitress	neutral
Their head cook was about as hard working an Expeditor as I 've seen , repeating every order and making sure his line cooks get it done right .	line cooks	neutral
My little blonde waitress was filling in for someone who apparently called in sick , and she was uber busy yet kept me happy with coffee and getting my order in and to me very quickly ( like 5 minutes ) .	waitress	neutral
So I 'd say the STAFF here easily gets 5 STARS .	STAFF	neutral
Now that I 've painted the picture on how this place operates , let me tell you about my Greek Omelet .	Greek	neutral
Now that I 've painted the picture on how this place operates , let me tell you about my Greek Omelet .	Omelet	neutral
I got it with Gyro meat and grilled onions , and it was very good !	Gyro meat	neutral
I got it with Gyro meat and grilled onions , and it was very good !	grilled onions	neutral
Hash browns and English Muffin were acceptable and average .	Hash browns	neutral
Hash browns and English Muffin were acceptable and average .	English Muffin	neutral
But the Greek Omelet was filled with tomatoes , feta cheese , gyro meat , grilled onions and some Greek spices .	Greek Omelet	neutral
They have MANY breakfast items that hover around $ 5 if you did n't want to get one of their " signature " dishes .	breakfast	neutral
They have MANY breakfast items that hover around $ 5 if you did n't want to get one of their " signature " dishes .	dishes	neutral
So if you 're Uptown and want a good , home cooked meal , come to Showmars ....	meal	neutral
So if you 're Uptown and want a good , home cooked meal , come to Showmars ....	Showmars	neutral
just do n't expect Dean and Deluca quality ( nor their prices ) .	Dean and Deluca	neutral
Games are awesome !	Games	neutral
Customer service in game area awesome !	Customer service	neutral
Drinks awesome !	Drinks	neutral
Service and management in restaurant/ bar are horrible .	Service	neutral
Service and management in restaurant/ bar are horrible .	management	neutral
Service and management in restaurant/ bar are horrible .	restaurant/	neutral
Service and management in restaurant/ bar are horrible .	bar	neutral
Management/ lead in restaurant horrible and servers need to be trained .	Management/	neutral
Management/ lead in restaurant horrible and servers need to be trained .	lead	neutral
Management/ lead in restaurant horrible and servers need to be trained .	servers	neutral
Be prepared to wait and only see your server 3 times .	server	neutral
Do n't go for food at all go for bowling and games !	food	neutral
Love the Name as much as the Food , been a couple times now and enjoyed everything from the " chips y guacamole , salsa taster , tuna contramar , actually everything was great .	chips y guacamole	neutral
Love the Name as much as the Food , been a couple times now and enjoyed everything from the " chips y guacamole , salsa taster , tuna contramar , actually everything was great .	salsa taster	neutral
Love the Name as much as the Food , been a couple times now and enjoyed everything from the " chips y guacamole , salsa taster , tuna contramar , actually everything was great .	tuna contramar	neutral
Leave room for POSTRES ( after the meal , aka deserts ) loved the Donas ( glazed donut ) and TRES LECHES ( three milk cake )	Donas	neutral
Leave room for POSTRES ( after the meal , aka deserts ) loved the Donas ( glazed donut ) and TRES LECHES ( three milk cake )	glazed donut	neutral
Leave room for POSTRES ( after the meal , aka deserts ) loved the Donas ( glazed donut ) and TRES LECHES ( three milk cake )	TRES	neutral
Not a drinker but my friends all say that the cocktails are amazing	cocktails	neutral
First off , Great smoothies and love how they have whey or hemp protein to choose from .	smoothies	neutral
The staff has always been friendly and helpful .	staff	neutral
3 stars off because of the TERRIBLY slow service the past 3 times I 've been here .	service	neutral
I really want to love this place	place	neutral
Not very good Mexican food .	Mexican food	neutral
Service was extremely slow .	Service	neutral
The hostess was friendly and happy to seat us without reservations , even put us at a window seat .	hostess	neutral
The view of the Strip and the Wynn is delightful and so pretty at night .	view of the Strip and the Wynn	neutral
Our servers were attentive and their suggestions were perfection .	servers	neutral
The hubby and I shared a salad and a bone in filet ( rubbed in Kona coffee ) and a few side dishes .	bone	neutral
The hubby and I shared a salad and a bone in filet ( rubbed in Kona coffee ) and a few side dishes .	filet	neutral
There side dishes are fantastic here especially the lobster mac - n - cheese !	side dishes	neutral
There side dishes are fantastic here especially the lobster mac - n - cheese !	lobster mac - n - cheese	neutral
I also very much enjoyed the pineapple infused rum .	pineapple infused rum	neutral
This place is now in my top 5 and I will be back frequently .	place	neutral
What pulled this review out of negative territory was the excellent service , decor , and ambiance .	service	neutral
What pulled this review out of negative territory was the excellent service , decor , and ambiance .	decor	neutral
What pulled this review out of negative territory was the excellent service , decor , and ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
If I could solely grade the menu items my review would be minus two .	menu	neutral
While Cracker Barrel is certainly in the hospitality business they are not in the food and restaurant business .	food	neutral
While Cracker Barrel is certainly in the hospitality business they are not in the food and restaurant business .	restaurant	neutral
I sampled the regular menu fare	regular menu fare	neutral
( we ordered many items off the menu ) during my first visit and proclaimed it the worst meal I can recall at a ' restaurant . '	meal	neutral
Second worst meal during a lifetime of dining and just as abominable as the first .	meal	neutral
If Wonder bread has a cousin they serve it at Cracker barrel .	Wonder	neutral
The toast was thin and highly processed .	toast	neutral
I had to send the ' French toast ' back ( trust me , the French want no part of this toast charade ) .	French	neutral
The kitchen used the same Wonder bread wannabe and fried it in ( what I can only guess ) some sort of bland highly processed vegetable oil -- the kind the FDA is constantly warning you about .	vegetable	neutral
How is it possible to ruin elementary - level French toast ?	French toast	neutral
The eggs were serviceable and passed muster .	eggs	neutral
Our wait staff was very pleasant and accommodating , the decor delightfully retro - themed , and the background music scored major points .	wait staff	neutral
Our wait staff was very pleasant and accommodating , the decor delightfully retro - themed , and the background music scored major points .	decor	neutral
Our wait staff was very pleasant and accommodating , the decor delightfully retro - themed , and the background music scored major points .	background music	neutral
A perusal through the well - stocked gift shop and a leisurely recline in the comfy rocking chairs outside took the edge off of what would have been a disastrous dining experience .	gift shop	neutral
A perusal through the well - stocked gift shop and a leisurely recline in the comfy rocking chairs outside took the edge off of what would have been a disastrous dining experience .	rocking chairs	neutral
Perhaps it is the transiency of their customers that drives the low standards of this particular Cracker Barrel .	Cracker Barrel	neutral
Many have complained about the long wait .	wait	neutral
A wait is almost always worth it if the food is good .	wait	neutral
A wait is almost always worth it if the food is good .	food	neutral
: how * is * it possible to ruin French toast and just about everything else on the menu ?	French	neutral
This is simple , comfort food ... not much to mess up .	food	neutral
jack up the prices ( they are way too low ) and use higher quality victuals .	victuals	neutral
The food at Burntwood was hit and miss , but mostly hit .	food	neutral
We got the Tavern Chips that were so good we ate them all before I remembered to take a picture .	Tavern Chips	neutral
For our dinner we got the pork chop ( which was a huge portion of 2 chops ) and it had that great smoky wood smell .	pork chop	neutral
We wanted to try the fish sticks , but did n't want to commit to the whole meal , so we go the app , which was a huge serving , but the fish was very bland and the coating not crisp .	fish	neutral
We wanted to try the fish sticks , but did n't want to commit to the whole meal , so we go the app , which was a huge serving , but the fish was very bland and the coating not crisp .	app	neutral
We wanted to try the fish sticks , but did n't want to commit to the whole meal , so we go the app , which was a huge serving , but the fish was very bland and the coating not crisp .	fish	neutral
We wanted to try the fish sticks , but did n't want to commit to the whole meal , so we go the app , which was a huge serving , but the fish was very bland and the coating not crisp .	coating	neutral
The heaping portion of fries were great though .	fries	neutral
I also got the sliders .	sliders	neutral
The meat was cooked perfectly , but they lacked condiments with just a tiny squirt of ketchup and tiny slice of homemade pickle .	meat	neutral
Great house cabernet too !	house cabernet	neutral
The atmosphere was really cool .	atmosphere	neutral
We were on the closed in patio and it was raining hard , and the sound it made was nice , it kind of muffled everything around you .	patio	neutral
And for an indoor / outdoor patio , I was perfectly warm , which for this freeze baby is seldom the case .	indoor /	neutral
And for an indoor / outdoor patio , I was perfectly warm , which for this freeze baby is seldom the case .	outdoor patio	neutral
Also the wait staff was very sweet making suggestions and being attentive .	wait staff	neutral
There was also a small band playing songs that if you went to HS in the 90 's you were loving .	band	neutral
Almost forgot , and this is a biggie , do NOT get the coleslaw if you have any desire to not smell like onions for the next day and a half .	coleslaw	neutral
This is the best pizza place -- and it is open 24 hours .	pizza place	neutral
Good price , great quality pizza , great beer .	pizza	neutral
Good price , great quality pizza , great beer .	beer	neutral
Super excellent sushis !	sushis	neutral
Great chef and staff , very friendly and passionate about what they do .	chef	neutral
Great chef and staff , very friendly and passionate about what they do .	staff	neutral
I took my time looking at the menu , they let u sample if you 're tying for the first time like me , I have to say , my creation combination satisfied my appetite .	menu	neutral
I 'll come back and try a sushi burrito !	sushi burrito	neutral
This place should have higher reviews .	place	neutral
I rather come here then go to the Burger King	Burger King	neutral
Excellent Service .	Service	neutral
Great Staff .	Staff	neutral
Drive Thru is awesome .	Drive Thru	neutral
We order beef and broccoli , lo mein , war sue gai , eggs rolls and soups .	beef and broccoli	neutral
We order beef and broccoli , lo mein , war sue gai , eggs rolls and soups .	lo	neutral
Cheers to Amazing Wok !	Wok	neutral
Our server made up their mind that we were not big tippers ( ageist , much ? ) and treated us accordingly to their wrong assumption .	server	neutral
The food was okay but not worth the price or hype .	food	neutral
I loved the decor and ambiance .	decor	neutral
I loved the decor and ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
My drink left something to be desired , as well .	drink	neutral
What more could you ask for , especially given the poor selection of restaurants in this area .	restaurants	neutral
I 've loved everything I had here , except the pad Thai .	pad Thai	neutral
Not sure what 's going on with Chick fil A	Chick fil A	neutral
but my last two visits resulted in a chicken sandwich that was way overcooked , resulting in a rubbery , tough taste .	chicken sandwich	neutral
I hate to see Chick fil A go down the path of inconsistency like all the other fast food joints .	Chick fil A	neutral
On the other hand , the fries were delicious .	fries	neutral
But no manager being on duty , and them not seeming to care that it happened was a real turn off .	manager	neutral
I told them their customer service needs A LOT of improvement .	customer service	neutral
The only good thing to eat in this place is their Yellow Curry , and with the roach scare , I will not be returning as they 're other dishes are pretty lackluster .	Yellow Curry	neutral
The only good thing to eat in this place is their Yellow Curry , and with the roach scare , I will not be returning as they 're other dishes are pretty lackluster .	dishes	neutral
so I can choose a better place to eat .	place	neutral
Great buffet with a lot of choices .	buffet	neutral
Good chives of desserts .	desserts	neutral
When they called Monday for my credit card info they acted like it was no big deal that their wait staff had done this and that they did n't review the charge slips .	wait staff	neutral
So if you like bad tasting food and people stealing from you then I highly recommend the Sandbar .	food	neutral
So if you like bad tasting food and people stealing from you then I highly recommend the Sandbar .	Sandbar	neutral
On the upside the beer was cold .	beer	neutral
The fries were really good , crisp and flavourful .	fries	neutral
The wings were huge .	wings	neutral
However , the wings were severely lacking in seasoning .	wings	neutral
I 'm not talking about the coating of sauce , I 'm talking about the meat itself .	sauce	neutral
I 'm not talking about the coating of sauce , I 'm talking about the meat itself .	meat	neutral
Once I bit through the saucy exterior , the fleshy interior was just bland .	fleshy interior	neutral
These people need to brine these wings .	wings	neutral
Do something to get some salt into the interior .	interior	neutral
It was certainly a shame because these wings could have been topnotch .	wings	neutral
The service , on the other hand , was exceptional .	service	neutral
Mandalay Bay is still one of my favorite casinos on the strip .	Mandalay Bay	neutral
Mandalay Bay has one of the best deals for the money you pay .	Mandalay	neutral
Our suite was clean , the bed was SUPER comfortable and had a fantastic view of the Strip .	suite	neutral
Our suite was clean , the bed was SUPER comfortable and had a fantastic view of the Strip .	bed	neutral
Our suite was clean , the bed was SUPER comfortable and had a fantastic view of the Strip .	view	neutral
It was a little out of date style - wise , but otherwise the room was HUGE and extremely comfortable .	room	neutral
The casino is modern , has a good assortment of upscale and affordable food and also has a lot of great shops adjacent to it .	casino	neutral
The casino is modern , has a good assortment of upscale and affordable food and also has a lot of great shops adjacent to it .	food	neutral
I recommend the Mandalay Bay especially for someone like me who has been to Vegas a few times and just wants to enjoy the pleasures of one comfortable hotel .	Mandalay Bay	neutral
I recommend the Mandalay Bay especially for someone like me who has been to Vegas a few times and just wants to enjoy the pleasures of one comfortable hotel .	hotel	neutral
The Hot link was very rubbery .	Hot link	neutral
The moist brisket was mostly burnt to charcoal .	moist	neutral
The moist brisket was mostly burnt to charcoal .	brisket	neutral
The ribs had almost NO meat , especially for the money .	ribs	neutral
The lean brisket was very dry .	lean brisket	neutral
The sauces are very sweet , and they do not have any spicy sauce .	sauces	neutral
The sauces are very sweet , and they do not have any spicy sauce .	spicy sauce	neutral
They do no real service , it 's run like a fast food place .	service	neutral
I 'm so glad that I finally got to try Federal Pizza !	Federal Pizza	neutral
Our server was wonderful .	server	neutral
He gave us some really good recommendations , like the pizza .	pizza	neutral
He recommended the Brussel Sprout Pizza .	Brussel Sprout Pizza	neutral
You ca n't beat the $ 5 dollar pitchers of beer for happy hour .	pitchers	neutral
They do offer happy hours on the weekends on pitchers of beer , coolers and glasses of wine .	coolers	neutral
I gave this place a fourth star mainly for the $ 9 for 2 pitchers of PBR .	pitchers	neutral
I gave this place a fourth star mainly for the $ 9 for 2 pitchers of PBR .	PBR	neutral
They have an awesome sports bar setup and judging by the decor , its a headquarters for Greenbay Packer pro football fans	sports bar	neutral
They have an awesome sports bar setup and judging by the decor , its a headquarters for Greenbay Packer pro football fans	decor	neutral
The nachos are awesome and are very loaded .	nachos	neutral
Wow , every dish was excellent and well deserving of the reviews .	dish	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
We had the arancini and garlic loaf as apps .	arancini	neutral
Small Cesar salad was excellent .	Small Cesar salad	neutral
It 's easy to mess this salad up with too much or too little dressing or just poor dressing period but the salad was well balanced and the dressing perfect .	salad	neutral
It 's easy to mess this salad up with too much or too little dressing or just poor dressing period but the salad was well balanced and the dressing perfect .	dressing	neutral
It 's easy to mess this salad up with too much or too little dressing or just poor dressing period but the salad was well balanced and the dressing perfect .	dressing	neutral
It 's easy to mess this salad up with too much or too little dressing or just poor dressing period but the salad was well balanced and the dressing perfect .	salad	neutral
It 's easy to mess this salad up with too much or too little dressing or just poor dressing period but the salad was well balanced and the dressing perfect .	dressing	neutral
Dinner was the osso buco , chicken piccata and chicken marsala .	osso buco	neutral
All perfectly done and the chicken was moist .	chicken	neutral
just so so was the garlic loaf .	garlic loaf	neutral
Slowest place ever .	place	neutral
Young staff does n't care and has poor customer service .	staff	neutral
Young staff does n't care and has poor customer service .	customer service	neutral
The food is good and tasty !	food	neutral
The salsa was very good , though not hot sauce at all .	salsa	neutral
My husband asked for a hotter salsa and the waiter brought a small dish out yet	waiter	neutral
I suppose the bottled hot sauces on the table could have been a sign ?	bottled hot sauces	neutral
I loved the beef taco .	beef taco	neutral
Place is very nicely decorated .	Place	neutral
I got a duck pasta which quite yummy and garlicy .	duck pasta	neutral
We also split a tiramisu which very good one slice portion .	tiramisu	neutral
The service is a little weak , my water bottle was not refill until I stop one of the server that passing by .	service	neutral
But that 's all I can complain about ... is my water .	water	neutral
I would like to come back and try their bar menu .	bar menu	neutral
I was excited to visit this restaurant , my friend spoke highly about this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
I was excited to visit this restaurant , my friend spoke highly about this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
When we went the waitress/ hostess was very rude to us .	waitress/	neutral
When we went the waitress/ hostess was very rude to us .	hostess	neutral
The food was not all that , I had fish and chips	food	neutral
The food was not all that , I had fish and chips	fish and chips	neutral
The Owner needs to know that there waitress is running off there business .	waitress	neutral
Dude , I fully expect a semi - awesome room ( even if it is super basic ) when on the strip in one of the big hotels .... but this ai nt it !	room	neutral
The casino is dingy .	casino	neutral
Bathroom looked like it was for an army barrack .	Bathroom	neutral
No free wireless access or coffee maker ( I guess this is standard in Vegas , but it fucking sucks balls . )	coffee	neutral
Overall , this place was a serious bummer .	place	neutral
Beat cannoli that I EVER HAD ! !	cannoli	neutral
Try the pistachio one , it really die for ! !	pistachio	neutral
The place was not a simple bakery , it has lots of Italian fine food , cheese , olive , salami , and gelato in the store .	olive	neutral
It also provides various kinds of prepared food like pizza , pasta , sandwich and meat balls .	pizza	neutral
It also provides various kinds of prepared food like pizza , pasta , sandwich and meat balls .	pasta	neutral
It also provides various kinds of prepared food like pizza , pasta , sandwich and meat balls .	sandwich	neutral
It also provides various kinds of prepared food like pizza , pasta , sandwich and meat balls .	meat	neutral
The marinate sauce was fresh and delicious , the pizza was not too thin or too thick and the breads were so aromatic .	marinate sauce	neutral
The marinate sauce was fresh and delicious , the pizza was not too thin or too thick and the breads were so aromatic .	pizza	neutral
The marinate sauce was fresh and delicious , the pizza was not too thin or too thick and the breads were so aromatic .	breads	neutral
I would come back many times for their delicious food .	food	neutral
Extremely disappointing bring margarita pizza , the sauce was very sweet and there was barely any cheese .	bring	neutral
Extremely disappointing bring margarita pizza , the sauce was very sweet and there was barely any cheese .	margarita pizza	neutral
Extremely disappointing bring margarita pizza , the sauce was very sweet and there was barely any cheese .	sauce	neutral
One of the worst margharitas I 've had in Toronto - the reviews were certainly misleading , and to have one of the highest ranked pizzas on Uber eats seems quite unwarranted .	margharitas	neutral
One of the worst margharitas I 've had in Toronto - the reviews were certainly misleading , and to have one of the highest ranked pizzas on Uber eats seems quite unwarranted .	pizzas	neutral
This absolutely one of my FAVORITE all you can eat Sushi places in town .	all you can eat	neutral
This absolutely one of my FAVORITE all you can eat Sushi places in town .	Sushi	neutral
The appetizers are all amazing .	appetizers	neutral
The dumplings are my personal favorite , but I also love the seaweed salad too .	dumplings	neutral
The dumplings are my personal favorite , but I also love the seaweed salad too .	seaweed salad	neutral
For rolls I like to keep it simple with the Philly & Veggie , but you ca n't absolutely go wrong with anything on the menu .	Philly & Veggie	neutral
We were seated within minutes and our waiter helped us promptly , I want to say his name was Paul .	waiter	neutral
We ordered the Pink Hibiscus Sake ( it was sweet	Pink Hibiscus Sake	neutral
but I do n't think I 'd order it again ) , chicken pot stickers , crab & mango salad , a beef dish , chicken fried rice , & hot sake .	chicken pot	neutral
but I do n't think I 'd order it again ) , chicken pot stickers , crab & mango salad , a beef dish , chicken fried rice , & hot sake .	crab & mango salad	neutral
but I do n't think I 'd order it again ) , chicken pot stickers , crab & mango salad , a beef dish , chicken fried rice , & hot sake .	beef dish	neutral
but I do n't think I 'd order it again ) , chicken pot stickers , crab & mango salad , a beef dish , chicken fried rice , & hot sake .	chicken fried rice	neutral
Everything tasted great , my favorite being the chicken pot stickers and chicken fried rice .	chicken pot stickers	neutral
Everything tasted great , my favorite being the chicken pot stickers and chicken fried rice .	chicken fried rice	neutral
Our service was perfect .	service	neutral
Our server took our order , made sure it came promptly , gave me eye contact while making his rounds , asked me once or twice if I 'd like to try anything else , made some suggestions , wam bam , thank you ma'am .	server	neutral
I will definitely be returning to try more of the menu .	menu	neutral
Oh , and the decor is stunning .	decor	neutral
Next time you sit down in the main room , just look up :) .	main	neutral
The space is fantastic : mosaic floors , high ceilings , big bright windows and beautiful fittings all make it feel like your budget is playing a really good game of dress - up .	space	neutral
The space is fantastic : mosaic floors , high ceilings , big bright windows and beautiful fittings all make it feel like your budget is playing a really good game of dress - up .	ceilings	neutral
The space is fantastic : mosaic floors , high ceilings , big bright windows and beautiful fittings all make it feel like your budget is playing a really good game of dress - up .	windows	neutral
The space is fantastic : mosaic floors , high ceilings , big bright windows and beautiful fittings all make it feel like your budget is playing a really good game of dress - up .	fittings	neutral
But the prices are completely reasonable , especially for wines - a familiar and well - selected list without huge mark - up .	wines	neutral
Started with the freshest oysters I 've had in Toronto , and the longboat cocktail - a mezcal and orange creation that 's ( duh , mezcal ) an instant good mood in a glass .	oysters	neutral
Started with the freshest oysters I 've had in Toronto , and the longboat cocktail - a mezcal and orange creation that 's ( duh , mezcal ) an instant good mood in a glass .	longboat cocktail	neutral
Then had the duck carpaccio , which had the sumptuous duck card well pinned to a guilt - free " but it 's just little slices " wall of satisfaction .	duck carpaccio	neutral
Then had the duck carpaccio , which had the sumptuous duck card well pinned to a guilt - free " but it 's just little slices " wall of satisfaction .	duck	neutral
The pea shoots and pistachio book ended it perfectly .	pea shoots and pistachio book	neutral
My gnuli portion looked small but sweet mary	gnuli portion	neutral
The little ricotta pillows were fluffy and gentle ; perfect pairs to the * fantastic * creamy sauce with a little lemon zest in it .	ricotta pillows	neutral
The little ricotta pillows were fluffy and gentle ; perfect pairs to the * fantastic * creamy sauce with a little lemon zest in it .	sauce	neutral
Desert was flourless chocolate cake .	Desert	neutral
Our server Eli was formal but open and friendly , and the timing on everything was spot on .	server	neutral
Our server Eli was formal but open and friendly , and the timing on everything was spot on .	Eli	neutral
This place was awesome !	place	neutral
I had the original burger medium well with the free order of truffle fries .	burger	neutral
The 3 sauces were great with the burger .	sauces	neutral
The 3 sauces were great with the burger .	burger	neutral
My friend had the cali with the Korean sweet potato fries .	Korean sweet potato fries	neutral
The burger was juicy and mouthwatering even though it was medium well .	burger	neutral
The truffle fries are to die for but the Korean sweet potato fries were lacking compared to everything else .	truffle fries	neutral
The truffle fries are to die for but the Korean sweet potato fries were lacking compared to everything else .	Korean sweet potato fries	neutral
I recommend this place for a filling meal that wo n't break your wallet .	meal	neutral
The cafe has huge windows that capture landscape like views of vdara , and it has a very opened / roomy feel to the place when you walk in .	cafe	neutral
The cafe has huge windows that capture landscape like views of vdara , and it has a very opened / roomy feel to the place when you walk in .	windows	neutral
The food was good , it was n't great , I ordered the cafe vettro custom sandwich board option for lunch : turkey , rye , provolone , and fries .	cafe vettro	neutral
The other people that I went with ordered salads that were big enough to feed a family -- if you order a salad , it 's definitely a meal to share with others .	salads	neutral
The meals here seem to be a bit more expensive than I 'd expect , at least for what I ordered ( then again , what is n't pricey in vegas ) , but the service was on the spot .	meals	neutral
The meals here seem to be a bit more expensive than I 'd expect , at least for what I ordered ( then again , what is n't pricey in vegas ) , but the service was on the spot .	service	neutral
Service was lousy .	Service	neutral
Food was lackluster at best .	Food	neutral
Great tasting food , fast service , and very clean .	food	neutral
Great tasting food , fast service , and very clean .	service	neutral
This place has potential but the staff needs training .	place	neutral
This place has potential but the staff needs training .	staff	neutral
We order two combos of sandwich and soup	sandwich	neutral
We order two combos of sandwich and soup	soup	neutral
Sandwich was ok but nothing spectacular .	Sandwich	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
From the 50 's theme & neon pink decor ( and it 's so cozy ! )	decor	neutral
to the delicious food to the wonderful customer service and reasonable prices !	food	neutral
to the delicious food to the wonderful customer service and reasonable prices !	customer service	neutral
I 've eaten here around five times and it 's consistent in quality of food and service .	food	neutral
I 've eaten here around five times and it 's consistent in quality of food and service .	service	neutral
Yesterday , I had a Dan 's Famous Dog ( buttery toasted bun , pickles with a salty zing to them , mustard ) and the Italian sausage with green peppers .	Italian sausage with green peppers	neutral
Hot chocolate with whipped topping , creamy cole slaw and to - die - for homemade mac & cheese .	cole slaw	neutral
Hot chocolate with whipped topping , creamy cole slaw and to - die - for homemade mac & cheese .	mac & cheese	neutral
The menu is extensive with many choices available for breakfast and lunch .	menu	neutral
I had the tuna sandwich with	tuna sandwich with	neutral
the pasta salad and	pasta salad	neutral
my husband had the Reuben and potato salad , both were so good and also the pasta and potato salad .	Reuben	neutral
my husband had the Reuben and potato salad , both were so good and also the pasta and potato salad .	potato salad	neutral
my husband had the Reuben and potato salad , both were so good and also the pasta and potato salad .	pasta	neutral
my husband had the Reuben and potato salad , both were so good and also the pasta and potato salad .	potato salad	neutral
The service is prompt and everyone is very polite and friendly .	service	neutral
Definitely will come back to also try the breakfast !	breakfast	neutral
She preceded to tell me that I did n't pay for a specialty cake and that the manager gave me a discount .	manager	neutral
Her manager was a " cheap ass " and keep raising the prices .	manager	neutral
She gave me the # to her general manager . ,	general manager	neutral
Great place for a sandwich or salad .	place	neutral
The Italian club is my go to .	Italian club	neutral
The chicken chop salad is nice as well .	chicken chop salad	neutral
They give you a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal as well .	meal	neutral
$ 10 for a salad and sandwich is a great deal .	salad	neutral
$ 10 for a salad and sandwich is a great deal .	sandwich	neutral
This was my first time and probably last time at this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Overly priced for the food .	food	neutral
They 're trying too hard to be a nice steakhouse but ca n't even cook the steak right .	steakhouse	neutral
I spent $ 40 for a New York strip medium rare	New York strip	neutral
The service was good at least .	service	neutral
Our server was friendly and took excellent care of us as we were a big group .	server	neutral
My friends roasted chicken was good but still a bit over priced for a piece of chicken .	roasted chicken	neutral
I love steak	steak	neutral
$ 40 for a dry piece of over cooked meat .	meat	neutral
A great place to come for happy hour .	place	neutral
I had the oysters , shrimp and fries and they all hit the spot .	oysters	neutral
I had the oysters , shrimp and fries and they all hit the spot .	shrimp	neutral
A great place to stop after a day at the pool or at the tables .	place	neutral
This is a small place so be on the look out .	place	neutral
The atmosphere was good , food was excellent and the wait staff were very accommodating .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere was good , food was excellent and the wait staff were very accommodating .	food	neutral
The atmosphere was good , food was excellent and the wait staff were very accommodating .	wait staff	neutral
Fresh guacamole and chips were great and the salsa had the perfect amount of spice and flavor .	Fresh	neutral
Fresh guacamole and chips were great and the salsa had the perfect amount of spice and flavor .	guacamole	neutral
Fresh guacamole and chips were great and the salsa had the perfect amount of spice and flavor .	chips	neutral
Fresh guacamole and chips were great and the salsa had the perfect amount of spice and flavor .	salsa	neutral
I love this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
We have never been disappointed with any dish we have ordered .	dish	neutral
The orange beef , boneless and bone in spare ribs , chop suey and curry chicken are our favorite dishes .	orange beef	neutral
The orange beef , boneless and bone in spare ribs , chop suey and curry chicken are our favorite dishes .	boneless	neutral
The orange beef , boneless and bone in spare ribs , chop suey and curry chicken are our favorite dishes .	bone in spare ribs	neutral
The orange beef , boneless and bone in spare ribs , chop suey and curry chicken are our favorite dishes .	chop suey	neutral
The orange beef , boneless and bone in spare ribs , chop suey and curry chicken are our favorite dishes .	curry chicken	neutral
Great customer service , friendly and prompt delivery .	customer service	neutral
Great customer service , friendly and prompt delivery .	delivery	neutral
One of the best Chinese food spots in Chandler !	Chinese	neutral
Total Wine is incredible .	Total Wine	neutral
They have an insane collection of every liquor / beer / cigars you could ever want , and their staff is knowledgeable and helpful .	liquor	neutral
They have an insane collection of every liquor / beer / cigars you could ever want , and their staff is knowledgeable and helpful .	beer	neutral
They have an insane collection of every liquor / beer / cigars you could ever want , and their staff is knowledgeable and helpful .	cigars	neutral
They have an insane collection of every liquor / beer / cigars you could ever want , and their staff is knowledgeable and helpful .	staff	neutral
while you 're somewhere else , and I find Total Wine is almost always cheapest .	Total Wine	neutral
Disappointed at the lack of concern for customer service .	customer service	neutral
The chicken is not kabob meat , it 's regular dry grilled chicken .	chicken	neutral
The chicken is not kabob meat , it 's regular dry grilled chicken .	grilled	neutral
The Tzatziki sauce is flavorless .	Tzatziki sauce	neutral
Overall the food did n't taste fresh or flavorful , but from the type of place , it was to be expected .	food	neutral
Overall the food did n't taste fresh or flavorful , but from the type of place , it was to be expected .	place	neutral
Small portions and over priced .	portions	neutral
You are paying for Panda Express style food in a fine dinning atmosphere .	dinning	neutral
You are paying for Panda Express style food in a fine dinning atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
You can spend about half the price at PF Changs , for better food .	food	neutral
Once our table was " ready " , the hostess met us at the bar to escort us to our table .	hostess	neutral
And the hostess never offered to carry my wife 's drink from the bar to the table .	hostess	neutral
The server could not seem any less interested in our table .	server	neutral
After a couple of questions about the menu , that the server could not answer , the only recomendations he could offer were the most expensive dishes on the menu .	menu	neutral
After a couple of questions about the menu , that the server could not answer , the only recomendations he could offer were the most expensive dishes on the menu .	server	neutral
After a couple of questions about the menu , that the server could not answer , the only recomendations he could offer were the most expensive dishes on the menu .	dishes	neutral
It was clear the server only cared about his guest check average .	server	neutral
It was clear the server only cared about his guest check average .	guest	neutral
Great place to chill out with the family .	place	neutral
Large outdoor area that 's mostly all sand .	outdoor area	neutral
But that 's also kind of an issue as they only have ONE unisex bathroom to wash hands and face .	bathroom	neutral
Food is really good .	Food	neutral
Awesome free chips and salsa !	chips	neutral
Awesome free chips and salsa !	salsa	neutral
Tacos are small but good .	Tacos	neutral
The entrance is gorgeous and the lobby staff is great , and the cutest and sweetest resort dogs .	entrance	neutral
The entrance is gorgeous and the lobby staff is great , and the cutest and sweetest resort dogs .	lobby staff	neutral
The entrance is gorgeous and the lobby staff is great , and the cutest and sweetest resort dogs .	resort dogs	neutral
Great selection of restaurants on property , beautiful golf course , and nice variety of pools .	restaurants	neutral
Great selection of restaurants on property , beautiful golf course , and nice variety of pools .	golf course	neutral
Great selection of restaurants on property , beautiful golf course , and nice variety of pools .	pools	neutral
Room Service :	Room	neutral
Sub par room service , gorgeous menu but extremely disappointing service and food quality .	room service	neutral
Sub par room service , gorgeous menu but extremely disappointing service and food quality .	menu	neutral
Sub par room service , gorgeous menu but extremely disappointing service and food quality .	service	neutral
Sub par room service , gorgeous menu but extremely disappointing service and food quality .	food	neutral
Food was cold upon delivery , took over 2 hours , they sent the wrong order twice after having to read back the order to the gentleman taking the order 3x .	Food	neutral
The menu makes us seem like you 're going to receive the best manicure and pedicure of your life , lavish , and very spa centric .	menu	neutral
Manicure and pedicure both stated that they would be 70 minutes and include a lavish massage .	Manicure	neutral
As for the manicure , to be completely honest I 've had a better $ 20 manicure at a strip mall .	manicure	neutral
Uneven square filing , " shellac " already chipping 4 days after mani , sloppy paint job , and unprofessional staff .	shellac	neutral
Uneven square filing , " shellac " already chipping 4 days after mani , sloppy paint job , and unprofessional staff .	staff	neutral
Rooms : nice private patio , spacious rooms that look like they were last renovated in the late 90 's	private patio	neutral
Rooms : nice private patio , spacious rooms that look like they were last renovated in the late 90 's	rooms	neutral
I would never do my every day shopping here , but I loved going here for lunch when I worked downtown --- mostly for the salad bar .	salad bar	neutral
They made sure to have all the toppings you want on your salad available , plus I really do think the price is reasonable , especially considering you are downtown .	salad	neutral
The have sushi , you can have them make you a pizza , they have sandwiches and wraps , hot food ....	sushi	neutral
The have sushi , you can have them make you a pizza , they have sandwiches and wraps , hot food ....	sandwiches	neutral
The have sushi , you can have them make you a pizza , they have sandwiches and wraps , hot food ....	wraps	neutral
Not that you could really use this place solely for everything .	place	neutral
I 've never had any desserts from here , but every time I go in they look FABULOUS .	desserts	neutral
The staff seems willing to make sure you get what you want as well .	staff	neutral
Literally just saw the owner throw money in a woman 's face and push her out the door holy smoke ! ! !	owner	neutral
Ordered pizza and chicken tenders ummm .. would have been good if my stomach did n't turn from nervousness ! ! !	pizza	neutral
Ordered pizza and chicken tenders ummm .. would have been good if my stomach did n't turn from nervousness ! ! !	chicken tenders	neutral
The wait staff is friendly and responsive , and the food is delicious and fresh .	wait staff	neutral
I knock one star off for making wait staff cover too many tables when its busy .	wait staff	neutral
Still good friendly service , but not 5 star .	service	neutral
This is not a deterrent for us , and Mitchell 's remains at the top of our eat - out list .	Mitchell	neutral
Super warm and friendly staff	staff	neutral
Very homey environment with lots of gallery caliber art work to browse .	environment	neutral
Very homey environment with lots of gallery caliber art work to browse .	art	neutral
While the pizzas looked and smelled delicious	pizzas	neutral
I had the caprese salad which was super fresh and almost too pretty to eat .	caprese salad	neutral
This place has it 's good and bad , recently moved closer to it so we decided to check it out .	place	neutral
Anyway , with that aside , the atmosphere is like a dive bar mexican style .	atmosphere	neutral
It 's little and quaint and has some older decor .	decor	neutral
The menu is large and super confusing , a little pricey for what it is .	menu	neutral
Many ala carte options , which I did think was a nice touch .	ala carte	neutral
I had the chicken enchiladas with a side of rice .	chicken enchiladas	neutral
This is a place that you experience for yourself	place	neutral
Great atmosphere and food , but best of all ...	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere and food , but best of all ...	food	neutral
Thank you Darin for the best post audition celebratory meal !	meal	neutral
I 'd like to say it 's a relative thing ( I 've had LOTS of really good and different types of pizza ) but this was an ABSOLUTE thing - just really bad .	pizza	neutral
The problems : crust had zero flavor , the ingredients covered MAYBE 30 % of the surface and maybe that was a good thing because they too lacked any real flavor .	crust	neutral
The problems : crust had zero flavor , the ingredients covered MAYBE 30 % of the surface and maybe that was a good thing because they too lacked any real flavor .	ingredients	neutral
And then there was the service - incredible slow with lots of excuses	service	neutral
( sorry - the bar got really crazy ....	bar	neutral
The only thing good was the above par beer list which we were forced to wait FOREVER to get our beer .	beer list	neutral
so I knew what to expect , amazing service and perfectly cooked and seasoned meat .	service	neutral
so I knew what to expect , amazing service and perfectly cooked and seasoned meat .	meat	neutral
For the $ 30 you will spend on lunch , you should not expect anything less .	lunch	neutral
The salad bar was just as you would expect in a five star steakhouse .	salad bar	neutral
I learned from previous visits not to waste too much time at the salad bar .	salad bar	neutral
As luck would have it , the first " gaucho " , Portuguese for cowboy , to come by had one of my favorites ; top sirloin .	gaucho	neutral
My mouth was watering as he sliced off two big pieces from the rotisserie skewer .	rotisserie skewer	neutral
The meat was dry and rather bland .	meat	neutral
This had never happened to me at this restaurant before .	restaurant	neutral
Of the dozens of times I had eaten in Dallas , the food was always perfect and top notch .	food	neutral
The Scottsdale Fogo de Chao was turning out to be a disappointment .	Fogo de Chao	neutral
I thought to myself that I simply had one bad cut of meat	meat	neutral
I tried the filet mignon , the lamb , the chicken and the pork .	filet mignon	neutral
I tried the filet mignon , the lamb , the chicken and the pork .	lamb	neutral
I tried the filet mignon , the lamb , the chicken and the pork .	chicken	neutral
I tried the filet mignon , the lamb , the chicken and the pork .	pork	neutral
The only thing that made spending $ 30 on lunch worth	lunch	neutral
it was the fabulous meat , yet what they were serving was not even as good at Texas Roadhouse .	meat	neutral
The jerk sauce was just delicious with authentic spicyness and taste .	jerk sauce	neutral
I got the jerk lunch with beans rice and cabbage and everything was just delicious .	jerk lunch with	neutral
I got the jerk lunch with beans rice and cabbage and everything was just delicious .	beans rice and cabbage	neutral
And those chicken patties are to die for .	chicken patties	neutral
Service was friendly .	Service	neutral
Noodles were overcooked .	Noodles	neutral
Seeing the kitchen workers slop food onto the prep plates like cafeteria workers was unappetizing .	kitchen	neutral
I think this kind of place should not have a view of the kitchen from outside while you 're waiting for a table .	kitchen	neutral
Production line Chinese fusion done adequately .	Chinese	neutral
My first reaction : the bagels are HUGE .	bagels	neutral
Great comments about the sun dried tomato bagel .	bagel	neutral
The blueberry bagel was okay .	blueberry bagel	neutral
Honey almond cream cheese was great , probably can be a little more sweet , but no complaints .	Honey almond cream cheese	neutral
Mixed topping was salty but the honey almond balanced it out .	Mixed topping	neutral
Mixed topping was salty but the honey almond balanced it out .	honey almond	neutral
The bagels did not disappoint ; in addition to the size , it was soft and fresh .	bagels	neutral
The service was great .	service	neutral
Two bagels with cream cheese and two coffees will run you about 12 - 13 dollars .	bagels	neutral
Two bagels with cream cheese and two coffees will run you about 12 - 13 dollars .	coffees	neutral
Seating area is abundance and crowded on weekends .	Seating area	neutral
A lady was gracious and thanked us for checking the place out .	lady	neutral
I love good waitresses , and The Farmhouse has the best I 've ever seen .	waitresses	neutral
I love good waitresses , and The Farmhouse has the best I 've ever seen .	Farmhouse	neutral
Our group of six had special orders ... the waitresses even brought our babies food a full 10 minutes before ours , a thoughtful gesture indeed .	waitresses	neutral
Food is amazing , I guess you ca n't give a better compliment than that .	Food	neutral
The owner was very kind and the popcorn was delicious .	owner	neutral
The owner was very kind and the popcorn was delicious .	popcorn	neutral
I highly recommend this store as a local favorite !	store	neutral
I ordered from Tilde through Uber Eats and while I have no complaints about the delivery , I certainly ca n't say the same about the food .	delivery	neutral
I ordered from Tilde through Uber Eats and while I have no complaints about the delivery , I certainly ca n't say the same about the food .	food	neutral
The pulled pork in my Carnitas taco was bone dry - even after I added that ridiculously small amount of salsa verde that they sent along .	pulled pork	neutral
The pulled pork in my Carnitas taco was bone dry - even after I added that ridiculously small amount of salsa verde that they sent along .	Carnitas taco	neutral
The pulled pork in my Carnitas taco was bone dry - even after I added that ridiculously small amount of salsa verde that they sent along .	salsa verde	neutral
My other two tacos - the Chicken Ranchero and Charred Shrimp , fared somewhat better but there was a general lack of " wet " ingredients to the point of making swallowing uncomfortable .	Chicken Ranchero	neutral
My other two tacos - the Chicken Ranchero and Charred Shrimp , fared somewhat better but there was a general lack of " wet " ingredients to the point of making swallowing uncomfortable .	Charred Shrimp	neutral
The only saving grace of the meal were the churros - deep fried , delicious , with a boozy chocolate dipping sauce .	churros	neutral
Overall , these are bland , overpriced tacos	tacos	neutral
Amazing brisket .	brisket	neutral
Very clean and the staff is very nice .	staff	neutral
Love the decor too	decor	neutral
Excellent service , even though it was super busy & only 1 supergal to do everything in front !	service	neutral
All our food was delicious !	food	neutral
Cute little tea shop located in the Cathay Hills plaza .	tea	neutral
Their symbol / theme is a zebra , hence the name	symbol	neutral
Employees are friendly , and the drinks are super refreshing .	Employees	neutral
Employees are friendly , and the drinks are super refreshing .	drinks	neutral
The kiwi slushy , which was their weekly special , was on fleek .	kiwi slushy	neutral
Lux is a weekend staple-- Saturday without Lux would be akin to missing a critical appendage .	Lux	neutral
As others have said the coffee is fantastic , actually the best I 've ever had .	coffee	neutral
The espresso is always perfect .	espresso	neutral
I have a weakness for their iced mochas-- really	iced mochas--	neutral
the only iced mochas I 've ever liked .	iced mochas	neutral
And their whipped cream ?	whipped cream	neutral
And their baked goods are better than any I 've had at a coffee shop .	baked goods	neutral
Most are made on - site in an adorable little kitchen in the hallway .	kitchen	neutral
The staff is always friendly and always remembers your name ( or at least makes a concerted effort to do so ) .	staff	neutral
It 's generally crowded-- which makes sense , being as it is , in my humble opinion , the best coffee shop in Phoenix ... maybe Arizona ... maybe the US .	coffee	neutral
Somehow the crowds and loud music never bother me-- and I can always find a seat .	music	neutral
Lux is one of those places that seems like it would be too hip for my taste-- everything about the decor , ambiance , and clientele suggests this , but for some reason , it still feels comfortable and friendly .	Lux	neutral
Lux is one of those places that seems like it would be too hip for my taste-- everything about the decor , ambiance , and clientele suggests this , but for some reason , it still feels comfortable and friendly .	decor	neutral
Lux is one of those places that seems like it would be too hip for my taste-- everything about the decor , ambiance , and clientele suggests this , but for some reason , it still feels comfortable and friendly .	ambiance	neutral
Maybe it 's the warm embrace of out - of - this - world espresso and brioche ....	espresso	neutral
Maybe it 's the warm embrace of out - of - this - world espresso and brioche ....	brioche	neutral
This place is a joke !	place	neutral
We walked in shortly after midnight , and were finally seated after a few long minutes waiting for a host / hostess to show up , then we were told the kitchen closes at 1AM .	host	neutral
We walked in shortly after midnight , and were finally seated after a few long minutes waiting for a host / hostess to show up , then we were told the kitchen closes at 1AM .	hostess	neutral
I had such high expectations for this restaurant , I do n't really complain because I know some days are just better then others	restaurant	neutral
but we just had horrible service here .	service	neutral
I was with a party of 4 and we were immediately greeted and seated , our waitress came by after 5 minutes and asked for our drinks , we already knew what we wanted	waitress	neutral
We barely saw our waitress she came by at most 4 times during our 2 hours here .	waitress	neutral
Now I know that if it 's busy it 'll be a longer wait time for our food	food	neutral
By the time we got our food it was honestly dry as can be , our waitress even mentioned that our food was being cooked fresh .	waitress	neutral
I was hoping that lolos would be the vegas roscoes but as the concept is there the delivery was at best mediocre .	lolos	neutral
I was hoping that lolos would be the vegas roscoes but as the concept is there the delivery was at best mediocre .	delivery	neutral
Really good gourmet pizza .	pizza	neutral
Has a really nice soft crust .	crust	neutral
Delicious pizza and reasonable prices !	pizza	neutral
And they have spumoni which is awesome !	spumoni	neutral
Service is horrible waitresses give you attitude .	Service	neutral
Service is horrible waitresses give you attitude .	waitresses	neutral
Food is n't bad overall .	Food	neutral
The decor is very dated and the fake flowers are dusty and appear dirty .	decor	neutral
The decor is very dated and the fake flowers are dusty and appear dirty .	fake flowers	neutral
But for the most part , the place is fairly clean with plenty of seating in the two dining rooms .	dining rooms	neutral
Food - wise	Food	neutral
, I 've had a few different pasta dishes	pasta dishes	neutral
and I question whether or not their Alfredo sauce is made from scratch .	Alfredo sauce	neutral
I did however thoroughly enjoy the Bolognese sauce & angel hair pasta .	Bolognese sauce & angel hair pasta	neutral
I continue to get each time the Antipasto plate ...	Antipasto plate	neutral
The Mussels are excellent and great value for your money .	Mussels	neutral
The homemade Tiramisu is huge and a must have , even shared .	homemade Tiramisu	neutral
This is a neighbourhood restaurant that has been a staple for many .	restaurant	neutral
The old charm service makes it irresistible .	service	neutral
Good amount and good food .	food	neutral
But it is a good quick go to place .	place	neutral
We have been to this restaurant several times now , it is a great little Italian restaurant , fabulous food , the twisted ravioli is superb .	restaurant	neutral
We have been to this restaurant several times now , it is a great little Italian restaurant , fabulous food , the twisted ravioli is superb .	Italian restaurant	neutral
We have been to this restaurant several times now , it is a great little Italian restaurant , fabulous food , the twisted ravioli is superb .	food	neutral
We have been to this restaurant several times now , it is a great little Italian restaurant , fabulous food , the twisted ravioli is superb .	twisted ravioli	neutral
Wednesday lunch has great wine deal .	wine	neutral
Great atmosphere and very stylish layout .	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere and very stylish layout .	layout	neutral
The food is excellent , and love that it 's in downtown Pittsburgh .	food	neutral
Food is good and the waitstaff is always nice and friendly .	Food	neutral
Food is good and the waitstaff is always nice and friendly .	waitstaff	neutral
It can get a little loud during peak hours , but other than that , it is a good place to go .	place	neutral
Combination fried rice is to die for !	Combination fried rice	neutral
Good family value meals .	meals	neutral
Fez is a charming , quirky eclectic little restaurant that seems to do everything right .	Fez	neutral
Fez is a charming , quirky eclectic little restaurant that seems to do everything right .	restaurant	neutral
The wait staff are young , tattooed , ' interesting ' and very good at their jobs .	wait staff	neutral
Our waitress , Candace , was one of the best servers I 've seen in awhile .	waitress	neutral
She was friendly , gave great recommendations and after my husband asked for ' 399 ' olives in his Gin Martini , she brought a whole spear 's worth plus extra .	Gin Martini	neutral
I had a Kentucky Mule ( not their name for it ) and it was wonderful .	Kentucky Mule	neutral
The menu is extensive with something for everyone .	menu	neutral
I ordered the curry with shrimp ( you have an option of 4 or 8- 4 shrimp are plenty ) and it was absolutely delicious .	curry with shrimp	neutral
My husband ordered a beef dish that was tender and nicely seasoned .	beef dish	neutral
My friend had wine and the pours were generous .	wine	neutral
My friend had wine and the pours were generous .	pours	neutral
Good beer and spirits selection .	beer	neutral
Good beer and spirits selection .	spirits selection	neutral
We ordered Tiramasu for dessert and it was probably the weakest link- kind of ice creamy and not enough cocoa .	Tiramasu	neutral
For old folks from Chandler it was great to go to a young hip restaurant that has old school class and well trained staff .	restaurant	neutral
For old folks from Chandler it was great to go to a young hip restaurant that has old school class and well trained staff .	staff	neutral
I got the T - Bone steak , which was reasonably tasty .	T - Bone steak	neutral
Certainly nothing wrong with that , but maybe need to go further when you call yourself a steak house .	steak house	neutral
The outdoor eating area was amazing .	outdoor eating area	neutral
The view was for miles .	view	neutral
Pretty good joint .	joint	neutral
Fabulous food , service , and atmosphere !	food	neutral
Fabulous food , service , and atmosphere !	service	neutral
Fabulous food , service , and atmosphere !	atmosphere	neutral
I had eggplant parmesan that melted in my mouth .	eggplant parmesan	neutral
The chianti was a perfect wine to complement the meal .	chianti	neutral
Maria is a perfect hostess .	Maria	neutral
The food is amazing ! !	food	neutral
I mean , the buffet style eating is probably the reason we felt sick !	buffet	neutral
This is my other favorite Vietnamese restaurant !	Vietnamese restaurant	neutral
I really like the flavorful broth .	broth	neutral
I always order the Vietnamese pancake .	Vietnamese pancake	neutral
There is something about the combination of the crispy pancake , pan fried egg , pickled vegetables and dipping sauce that is so good .	crispy pancake	neutral
There is something about the combination of the crispy pancake , pan fried egg , pickled vegetables and dipping sauce that is so good .	pan fried egg	neutral
There is something about the combination of the crispy pancake , pan fried egg , pickled vegetables and dipping sauce that is so good .	pickled vegetables	neutral
There is something about the combination of the crispy pancake , pan fried egg , pickled vegetables and dipping sauce that is so good .	dipping sauce	neutral
I would recommend the grilled squid as well .	grilled squid	neutral
Bandera is just a great standard and they always do well .	Bandera	neutral
The service is fantastic - and yes , sometimes you do have to wait for a table - but that s old town on a Saturday .	service	neutral
They have a fantastic basil martini that is always worth trying not to mention a great wine list .	basil martini	neutral
They have a fantastic basil martini that is always worth trying not to mention a great wine list .	wine list	neutral
I was there last weekend with my mom ; she had the ribs - which literally were falling off the bone	ribs	neutral
The meatloaf was running a little late and the chef came out to apologize .	meatloaf	neutral
The meatloaf was running a little late and the chef came out to apologize .	chef	neutral
Also the fries are soo good !	fries	neutral
Bandera - I love you .	Bandera	neutral
The coffee 's good , but I definitely come for the food .	coffee	neutral
The coffee 's good , but I definitely come for the food .	food	neutral
The bread is always fresh , the soup selection is seasonal and super - tasty , and the bread - and - spread plate is a ridiculously great snack for the price .	bread	neutral
The bread is always fresh , the soup selection is seasonal and super - tasty , and the bread - and - spread plate is a ridiculously great snack for the price .	soup selection	neutral
The bread is always fresh , the soup selection is seasonal and super - tasty , and the bread - and - spread plate is a ridiculously great snack for the price .	bread - and - spread plate	neutral
Fast wi - fi , great atmosphere	wi - fi	neutral
Fast wi - fi , great atmosphere	atmosphere	neutral
The only downside is that the lighting 's pretty dim , so studying can be tough unless you 're right under a bulb or next to a window .	lighting	neutral
Bike parking 's sort of a pain , too , but it 's worth the hassle .	Bike parking	neutral
Las Vegas strip offers the best cuisines of the world ...	cuisines	neutral
I love sashimi ...	sashimi	neutral
The variety of sushi and Maki was minimal .	sushi	neutral
The variety of sushi and Maki was minimal .	Maki	neutral
Todai destroyed the only Sashimi buffet in Phoenix ... like Wal - mart ... conquered and gone .	Sashimi buffet	neutral
You will enjoy stale fish here ...	fish	neutral
Food was good .	Food	neutral
The place has an odd set up , with self service drinks in the front and having to go around to the back to place an order .	self service drinks	neutral
Wish the pita bread was softer , but it was still good .	pita bread	neutral
But I have to sy that was the best falafel I have ever had .	falafel	neutral
The lamb was so tender , they must have cooked it on low for days !	lamb	neutral
This place made my super picky , not very adventurously eating boyfriend fall in love with Indian food .	Indian food	neutral
He orders his food " extra mild " and it comes out awesome every time .	food	neutral
They have some kind of whole wheat naan stuffed with onions and herbs that is really delicious .	whole wheat	neutral
They have some kind of whole wheat naan stuffed with onions and herbs that is really delicious .	naan	neutral
I love the Bollywood music videos , and this restaurant is really nice on the inside .	Bollywood music videos	neutral
I love the Bollywood music videos , and this restaurant is really nice on the inside .	restaurant	neutral
This is a small shop on a side street .	shop	neutral
I did n't find anything special about this place or the desserts .	place	neutral
I did n't find anything special about this place or the desserts .	desserts	neutral
This is not really a shop to come and sit in .	shop	neutral
Cute little boba/ tea place .	boba/ tea place	neutral
My friend got the Regular Milk Tea , we both did n't care for it .	Regular Milk Tea	neutral
I got the Matcha Tea w/ boba	Matcha Tea	neutral
I got the Matcha Tea w/ boba	boba	neutral
, it was great but the boba was very sweet and too hard in texture in my opinion .	boba	neutral
Excellent beer selection and a surprisingly sophisticated menu highlight a fun new spot in Monona .	beer selection	neutral
Excellent beer selection and a surprisingly sophisticated menu highlight a fun new spot in Monona .	menu	neutral
I recommend the War Pig and the carrot cake !	War Pig	neutral
I recommend the War Pig and the carrot cake !	carrot cake	neutral
I 've only tried the Halo Halo which was amazing ! !	Halo Halo	neutral
So amazing that I had 2 servings .	servings	neutral
This is the number place to get my halo halo !	halo halo	neutral
The only downfall was that the store is small so it got really crowded .	store	neutral
Cookies were ok , but very small for $ 1 . 70 , and over cooked .	Cookies	neutral
70 x 4 of us , nearly $ 23 for 4 cookies and 4 scoops of ice cream - CRAZY .	ice cream	neutral
Thr atmosphere felt very much like a Tim Hortons patio .	atmosphere	neutral
All the eggs were correctly cooked but the hollandaise sauce was a little bland on the Florentine .	eggs	neutral
All the eggs were correctly cooked but the hollandaise sauce was a little bland on the Florentine .	hollandaise sauce	neutral
Also the home fries could have been crispier .	home fries	neutral
The service was friendly and mostly attentive .	service	neutral
It 's probably the better breakfast place I 've been to outside of the city .	breakfast place	neutral
So , the coffee is not bad ( cheaper , maybe better at Krannert ) , but the nice thing is the actually shop .	coffee	neutral
So , the coffee is not bad ( cheaper , maybe better at Krannert ) , but the nice thing is the actually shop .	actually	neutral
The decor is cozy .	decor	neutral
Decent number of tables , comfy chairs and couches .	tables	neutral
Decent number of tables , comfy chairs and couches .	chairs	neutral
Decent number of tables , comfy chairs and couches .	couches	neutral
And free wifi , which at the time I thought was normal , but have since found to be a bonus .	wifi	neutral
They had one waiter and one bartender working out on the floor .	waiter	neutral
The bartender seemed confused as to what we were asking for .	bartender	neutral
The bartender again seemed confused and nodded .	bartender	neutral
( Dried sauce and ketchup draped all over ! )	sauce	neutral
In one of our ice tea 's there was a piece of string in it .	ice tea	neutral
The nachos were good	nachos	neutral
The wings were okay ?	wings	neutral
Lemon Pepper was tasteless !	Lemon Pepper	neutral
( Talk about slow service ... )	service	neutral
The " poutine " had melted marble cheese on top with NO gravy .	poutine	neutral
Obviously we had to say something about this so - called poutine .	poutine	neutral
The waiter took the poutine off our bill .	waiter	neutral
In my mind , I 've already decided to never come back to this place again .	place	neutral
If you ask for anything ( utensils , refill on your drinks , or the bill etc . ) be prepared for the waiter to walk around before she realizes a customer is waiting for something .	waiter	neutral
Not to mention the waiter looked like the owner .	waiter	neutral
By far my worst wings experience ever .	wings	neutral
Do n't go to this place people !	place	neutral
Unless you want to get sick from the dirty utensils and little to no customer service .	utensils	neutral
Unless you want to get sick from the dirty utensils and little to no customer service .	customer service	neutral
I think this location has sealed the deal .	location	neutral
The entire purpose for the combo numbering system was to avoid confusion .	combo numbering	neutral
For example , last night , we hit the drive through , I ordered a # 31 ( sausage egg and cheese biscuit ) however , the wife does n't like their sausage .	sausage egg and cheese biscuit	neutral
The order confirmation screen has all sorts of abbreviations , some started with b , some did not .	order confirmation screen	neutral
We were the only car in line , and the dining room looked empty , so it was not a case of they were so busy it was an honest mistake .	dining room	neutral
Good food great service nice people great beer	food	neutral
Good food great service nice people great beer	service	neutral
Good food great service nice people great beer	people	neutral
Good food great service nice people great beer	beer	neutral
I had the buffalo chicken pizza it was AWESOME ! ! !	buffalo chicken pizza	neutral
Next time I 'm in town in going try the nachos	nachos	neutral
I 've been to BJ 's probably over 10 times , and I 've always been consistently impressed by their food .	food	neutral
I 've had so many pizzas , pastas , tacos , and desserts from their that I 've lost count , but I will showcase some of their highlights .	pizzas	neutral
I 've had so many pizzas , pastas , tacos , and desserts from their that I 've lost count , but I will showcase some of their highlights .	pastas	neutral
I 've had so many pizzas , pastas , tacos , and desserts from their that I 've lost count , but I will showcase some of their highlights .	tacos	neutral
I usually do n't get appetizers from BJ 's because their food is in really large portions , so I 'm full by those alone , but I 've gotten their chicken tenders before , and	chicken	neutral
They also give you this tangy honey mustard dipping sauce with them which is a great complement .	honey mustard dipping sauce	neutral
The fries do n't taste too good with the honey mustard , so I usually just ask for ranch dressing for them ... because I think ranch is the perfect dipping sauce for fries , not gross ketchup .	fries	neutral
The fries do n't taste too good with the honey mustard , so I usually just ask for ranch dressing for them ... because I think ranch is the perfect dipping sauce for fries , not gross ketchup .	honey mustard	neutral
Their pizza is great .	pizza	neutral
If there is a long wait , and you have to sit in the waiting area , the servers will come out with deep dish pizzas put up into individual bite sized pizzas for the crowd to sample while waiting .	wait	neutral
If there is a long wait , and you have to sit in the waiting area , the servers will come out with deep dish pizzas put up into individual bite sized pizzas for the crowd to sample while waiting .	servers	neutral
I usually just stick with pepperoni pizza .	pepperoni pizza	neutral
It 's a classic and is loaded with lots of meaty pepperoni , stringy cheese , and hearty tomato sauce .	pepperoni	neutral
It 's a classic and is loaded with lots of meaty pepperoni , stringy cheese , and hearty tomato sauce .	tomato sauce	neutral
Normally , I hate tomato sauce on pizza , seriously , the less sauce the better , but with BJ 's pizza , their sauce is so flavorful that the abundance of it is fine with me !	sauce	neutral
Their barbecue chicken pizza is really solid as well .	barbecue chicken pizza	neutral
I like CPK 's BBQ chicken pizza better , but this is a nice deep dish take on it .	BBQ chicken pizza	neutral
Next time I go , I need to try the buffalo chicken pizza to see how that compares to various ones that I 've had .	buffalo chicken pizza	neutral
The sandwiches are really yummy .	sandwiches	neutral
Their pulled pork is really tender and not dry at all .	pulled pork	neutral
The Cobb sandwich is tasty too with the addition of bacon , cause everything tastes better with a littler ... err ... a lot of bacon on it .	Cobb sandwich	neutral
The BJ 's burger is great , but you should definitely add bacon to this one for the reason that I mentioned above .	BJ 's burger	neutral
Their parmesan crusted chicken is delicious .	parmesan crusted chicken	neutral
It 's very cheesy , and their mashed potatoes are very creamy .	mashed potatoes	neutral
Their fish tacos are great too .	fish tacos	neutral
They go great with a side of strawberry lemonade to drink .	strawberry lemonade	neutral
First off , get a pizookie .	pizookie	neutral
Seriously , you do n't know what you 're missing unless you get the pizookie !	pizookie	neutral
Seriously , the mushrooms in wine here are amazing , best either myself or my bf has ever had .	mushrooms in	neutral
Seriously , the mushrooms in wine here are amazing , best either myself or my bf has ever had .	wine	neutral
The cabernet that I ordered was delicious , bf did n't order a drink this meal .	cabernet	neutral
He ordered a blue cheese and tomato salad that he inhaled , and I had fois gras with raspberry and rhubarb chutney .	blue cheese and tomato salad	neutral
Second course , he had the bone - in ribeye	bone - in ribeye	neutral
and I had the petit filet .	petit filet	neutral
We ordered the side of mushrooms and garlic mashed potatos , yum !	side of mushrooms	neutral
We ordered the side of mushrooms and garlic mashed potatos , yum !	garlic mashed potatos	neutral
I ordered the honey creme brulee , and it was also delicious .	honey creme brulee	neutral
This is one of the best steakhouses that I 've ever been to .	steakhouses	neutral
The service was a little over - attentive , and that they were trying too hard ( the restaurant was only about 1/4 full ) .	service	neutral
It did n't bother me or the bf too much as the food more than made up for the hammy behavior .	food	neutral
Per other guests crammed into the waiting area , there was a 35 - 40 wait , but no one came to put our name on the list until we were standing there for 15 minutes .	waiting	neutral
While I was waiting , I noticed that this place needs a major overhaul .	place	neutral
We were taken to a table after about 35 minutes and the chairs had standing water on them .	chairs	neutral
But I went with lunch and ordered the French Dip .	French Dip	neutral
The meat was fantastic and would have been good on its own , but dipped in the au jus it was heavenly .	meat	neutral
The meat was fantastic and would have been good on its own , but dipped in the au jus it was heavenly .	au jus	neutral
The pocket bun looked good , but it was so massive I just eat the meat with a fork .	pocket bun	neutral
The awesome food is the only thing that saved me from giving Weiss ' one star because the experience was utterly lacking .	food	neutral
The awesome food is the only thing that saved me from giving Weiss ' one star because the experience was utterly lacking .	Weiss	neutral
Great spot for breakfast or whatever !	spot	neutral
food was great ( although my very big guy friend was pissed when he saw the two mini burgers in front of him that he ordered .	food	neutral
food was great ( although my very big guy friend was pissed when he saw the two mini burgers in front of him that he ordered .	mini burgers	neutral
Good quality food though , especially if you have a restaurant .	food	neutral
Good quality food though , especially if you have a restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
This is the only place always open .	place	neutral
Was very satisfied every time although the service was a bit slow ( and it did n't seem very busy ) .	service	neutral
Raffles quenched my appetite and that 's all the matters	Raffles	neutral
I do n't think there is anything from Short Leash that is n't amazing .	Short Leash	neutral
My favorite is the Aiko with sriracha .	Aiko with sriracha	neutral
Even if you do n't want a specialty dog , there are so many FREE toppings to choose from , you can make your own concoction .	toppings	neutral
The menu is different , but still delicious !	menu	neutral
if you do n't like Short Leash you are probably the kind of person who hates puppies and love .	puppies	neutral
SANTANA is amazing !	SANTANA	neutral
Great server	server	neutral
Gave us free banana muffins and recommended the chicken enchilada omelet which was to die for !	chicken enchilada omelet	neutral
Food is pretty decent , and prices are n't horrible .	Food	neutral
The downside is the service , which is n't a matter of slow servers , but a lazy manager .	service	neutral
The downside is the service , which is n't a matter of slow servers , but a lazy manager .	servers	neutral
The downside is the service , which is n't a matter of slow servers , but a lazy manager .	manager	neutral
Both times we 've gone for lunch , there 's been one server and one bartender , both working full speed .	server	neutral
Both times we 've gone for lunch , there 's been one server and one bartender , both working full speed .	bartender	neutral
And then a manager playing on his phone sitting on his thumb .	manager	neutral
So , the place is worth checking out , but unless you see your server standing around , do n't blame them for the slow service , chances are they 're overburdened by trying to make up for an empty suit .	place	neutral
So , the place is worth checking out , but unless you see your server standing around , do n't blame them for the slow service , chances are they 're overburdened by trying to make up for an empty suit .	server	neutral
So , the place is worth checking out , but unless you see your server standing around , do n't blame them for the slow service , chances are they 're overburdened by trying to make up for an empty suit .	service	neutral
Fun environment and great food !	environment	neutral
Fun environment and great food !	food	neutral
It 's definitely loud there , so do n't go if you are looking for a quiet atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
We stated with the brisket biscuits and the were incredible .	brisket biscuits	neutral
Three of the four of us had the crispy chicken sandwich ( easily shareable bc	crispy chicken sandwich	neutral
it 's so big ) and we all loved it - and the fries were cooked to perfection !	fries	neutral
Great service too !	service	neutral
My boyfriend got the Rosemary beef sandwich .	Rosemary	neutral
I got the carne asada sandwich and it was delightful .	carne asada sandwich	neutral
The music playing was artsy and fun .	music	neutral
The whole atmosphere was positive and happy .	atmosphere	neutral
Be sure to try the sauces with whatever you order they come in mason jars near the ordering area and are yummy .	sauces	neutral
Was curious to see if all the hype was real and it 's definitely worth your time to stand in like and enjoy the food ! ! !	food	neutral
Friendliest service ! !	service	neutral
I 'm busy enjoying my meal here ! !	meal	neutral
I had the best hummus of my life there !	hummus	neutral
And their salads and appetizers were equally delicious .	salads	neutral
And their salads and appetizers were equally delicious .	appetizers	neutral
Loved the atmosphere !	atmosphere	neutral
This place can reach full house quick and you tend to get trapped in between herds of students but the rain made way to a line - free 2 minute wait to bubbletea # 1 50%sweet and less ice .	bubbletea	neutral
Chatime made me like bubble tea again .	Chatime	neutral
One standard color for their straws which makes life easier and in hygienic ready to grab plastic .	straws	neutral
Good quality tea base and their taro drink	tea base	neutral
Good quality tea base and their taro drink	taro drink	neutral
Sadly , not the best tasting one coming from someone who loves ube ice cream / cake and anything taro .	ube ice cream / cake	neutral
Other faves # 2 and the matcha latte .	matcha latte	neutral
This Rosatis ' restaurant stands out above all the others because they have the best Linguine w / Red Clam Sauce in the East Valley !	Linguine w /	neutral
This Rosatis ' restaurant stands out above all the others because they have the best Linguine w / Red Clam Sauce in the East Valley !	Red Clam Sauce	neutral
The Spinach & Tomato Garlic Bread with the side of Marinara dipping sauce is to die for !	Spinach & Tomato Garlic Bread with	neutral
The Spinach & Tomato Garlic Bread with the side of Marinara dipping sauce is to die for !	side of Marinara dipping sauce	neutral
Attentive , professional customer service .	customer service	neutral
Bryan aka Skipper , was the best driver you could ask for !	Bryan	neutral
Ordered the salmon with asparagus , vegetable and baked potato .	salmon	neutral
Could hear the microwave being worked hard and honestly believe that every part of the dish was microwaved .	microwave	neutral
Could hear the microwave being worked hard and honestly believe that every part of the dish was microwaved .	dish	neutral
The salmon was dry and over cooked .	salmon	neutral
The asparagus was stringy as if it was reheated .	asparagus	neutral
We also ordered the chicken parmesan which was presented as a chicken filet covered with a slice of melted cheese and tomato sauce .	chicken parmesan	neutral
If so , then the cook should have advised that grilled chicken would be used and charged accordingly .	grilled chicken	neutral
When you order chicken parm because you are in the mood for chicken parm , the camouflage does not work .	chicken	neutral
So perhaps the cook was having an off night .	cook	neutral
Cheap , good chinese food .	chinese food	neutral
Its very reasonable considering it is chinese food .	chinese food	neutral
Usually take out places are 11 bucks everywhere	take	neutral
This one is about 7 to 8 bucks an entree with rice included .	rice	neutral
Its a god size too , probably enough for two people with average appetites .	appetites	neutral
Ordered the orange chicken .	orange chicken	neutral
The sweet and sour pork was mouth watering .	sweet and sour pork	neutral
Loved that they put the sauce on the side .	sauce	neutral
I ve had many put the sauce on top and they its soggy and gross by the time I get home .	sauce	neutral
We tried there special shrimp , pork chicken fried rice which was good	special shrimp	neutral
We tried there special shrimp , pork chicken fried rice which was good	pork chicken fried rice	neutral
but i did nt like the shrimp .	shrimp	neutral
Amazing place to eat with family .	place	neutral
Service was quick and polite .	Service	neutral
The server answered all our questions and checked on us every couple min .	server	neutral
Very hard to find a halal steak house with good food and service .	food	neutral
Very hard to find a halal steak house with good food and service .	service	neutral
I got a my steak , was well cooked and very juicy .	my	neutral
I got a my steak , was well cooked and very juicy .	steak	neutral
Opportunities : the menu to busy	menu	neutral
Whoever manages the lines for ordering cheesecake and the cash register needs to be fired .	cash register	neutral
The food is good but try running the business and managing expectations instead of pissing all your customers off .	food	neutral
Tried this new place for the first time Jan 2 , 2016 .	place	neutral
The place was nice & clean .	place	neutral
We got beef & broccoli with white rice , veggie Lo mein , and egg rolls .	beef & broccoli	neutral
We liked all of our food .	food	neutral
I thought I smelled a fishy smell on my beef .	beef	neutral
Not good if u do n't really care for fish .	fish	neutral
Consistent , cooked to juicy perfection , crispy , tons of sauce options , delicious shoestring fries , very generous portions , and your plate will be ready before you get a chance to sit down and pull out your phone .	sauce	neutral
Consistent , cooked to juicy perfection , crispy , tons of sauce options , delicious shoestring fries , very generous portions , and your plate will be ready before you get a chance to sit down and pull out your phone .	fries	neutral
Consistent , cooked to juicy perfection , crispy , tons of sauce options , delicious shoestring fries , very generous portions , and your plate will be ready before you get a chance to sit down and pull out your phone .	portions	neutral
If you 're a fried chicken fanatic then this place is where you will find the best bang for your buck as well as your palate .	fried chicken	neutral
My husband and I typically crave fish tacos , turkey burgers , and French fries after a marathon .	fish tacos	neutral
My husband and I typically crave fish tacos , turkey burgers , and French fries after a marathon .	turkey burgers	neutral
My husband and I typically crave fish tacos , turkey burgers , and French fries after a marathon .	French	neutral
Hearty food you can really sink your teeth into .	food	neutral
The hubby burns something like a billion calories after running 26 . 2 miles , so I could only imagine how many spicy tuna rolls he needed to consume to feel completely satiated .	spicy tuna	neutral
Offering delicious , authentic , flavorful Japanese fare in an unpretentious space , Ichiza is located on the second floor of a shopping center in the heart of Little Asia .	Japanese fare	neutral
Offering delicious , authentic , flavorful Japanese fare in an unpretentious space , Ichiza is located on the second floor of a shopping center in the heart of Little Asia .	space	neutral
Waitstaff is polite and attentive	Waitstaff	neutral
( my ocha cup was refilled at least three times ) .	ocha	neutral
Hip decor , that is , if you consider the definition of " hip decor " to be signs written in both English and Japanese listing daily specials splashed all over the walls ( which I do ) .	decor	neutral
Our waitress was very friendly and was able to tell us everything about the menu , which was very helpful .	waitress	neutral
Our waitress was very friendly and was able to tell us everything about the menu , which was very helpful .	menu	neutral
We started with the gyoza and we enjoyed it .	gyoza	neutral
I have mixed opinion on the ramen .	ramen	neutral
We both got the shoyu ramen .	shoyu ramen	neutral
The ramen tasted good ( but salty ) as did the chicken .	ramen	neutral
The ramen tasted good ( but salty ) as did the chicken .	chicken	neutral
I added the brussel sprouts to my ramen but was disappointed in them .	brussel	neutral
Nice little Lebanese bakery & cafe .	Lebanese bakery	neutral
Nice little Lebanese bakery & cafe .	cafe	neutral
Service is friendly and ca n't complain about the value .	Service	neutral
The treats are yummy .	treats	neutral
Nice cozy little restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
First time having Russian cuisine and decided to come with the wife to try it because of all the five start reviews on yelp .	Russian cuisine	neutral
The food here is certainly delicious .	food	neutral
All the dishes that we shared was perfect .	dishes	neutral
Easy , fast , tasty and good quality cupcakes anytime you want .	cupcakes	neutral
More citrus and fruit flavor would be great .	citrus	neutral
More citrus and fruit flavor would be great .	fruit	neutral
Waited 45 minutes longer with my reservation , plus another 20 minutes to get a server ! ! ! !	server	neutral
And the hostesses at the front were young punks who had an attitude .	hostesses	neutral
The manager , Brian , seem to purposely stay away from our table knowing how unhappy our party was .	manager	neutral
The manager , Brian , seem to purposely stay away from our table knowing how unhappy our party was .	Brian	neutral
Very bad management at this location ! !	management	neutral
Very bad management at this location ! !	location	neutral
Will NEVER go back to this one and do n't recommend this location ! !	location	neutral
Had some bagels for the first time from the bakery and my family agreed they were the best !	bagels	neutral
First let me say , DD hot coffee is always wonderful .	DD	neutral
First let me say , DD hot coffee is always wonderful .	hot coffee	neutral
The iced coffee is ok , but I prefer Starbucks iced coffee .	iced coffee	neutral
The donuts never really change , same texture , same taste .	donuts	neutral
My favorite is the pumpkin munchkin !	pumpkin munchkin	neutral
You get a free coffee for every 200 points ( I think you earn 5 points for every dollar spent ) .	coffee	neutral
Except the app only works about 20 percent of the time .	app	neutral
The service used to be friendly , but now none of the employees act like they want to be there .	service	neutral
The service used to be friendly , but now none of the employees act like they want to be there .	employees	neutral
To the management - I'd visit a lot more if the app would just work right .	app	neutral
Tons of glass beads and a decent selection of semiprecious beads .	glass beads	neutral
Tons of glass beads and a decent selection of semiprecious beads .	beads	neutral
Helpful staff .	staff	neutral
On the downside , selection of chain and Swarovski crystals is very limited .	selection of	neutral
On the downside , selection of chain and Swarovski crystals is very limited .	chain and Swarovski crystals	neutral
I regret giving 5 stars to all my other reviews , because Joel Robuchon is the best restaurant I 've ever eaten .	Joel	neutral
Canlis in Seattle is like a Red Robins .	Canlis	neutral
You will use the Mansion as the entrance and the exit , and it will take your breathe away .	Mansion	neutral
The restaurant itself was beautiful , the decor is top notch .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant itself was beautiful , the decor is top notch .	decor	neutral
Of course they use Christofle silverware , you would n't want to eat on any other kind of metal .	silverware	neutral
Our favorites were definitely the chestnut foie gras soup , the Spaghetti uni and caviar ( $ 45 addition ) and the chocolate souffle ( $ 15 addition ) .	chestnut foie gras soup	neutral
Our favorites were definitely the chestnut foie gras soup , the Spaghetti uni and caviar ( $ 45 addition ) and the chocolate souffle ( $ 15 addition ) .	Spaghetti uni	neutral
Our favorites were definitely the chestnut foie gras soup , the Spaghetti uni and caviar ( $ 45 addition ) and the chocolate souffle ( $ 15 addition ) .	chocolate souffle	neutral
Never had a souffle cooked to such perfection .	souffle	neutral
I loved the bread cart , managed to try one of each .	bread cart	neutral
Also got jasmine tea with desserts and it paired well with the sweets .	jasmine tea with	neutral
Also got jasmine tea with desserts and it paired well with the sweets .	desserts	neutral
It will be hard to top Joel Robuchon .	Joel	neutral
Food , service and ambience is out of this world .	Food	neutral
Food , service and ambience is out of this world .	service	neutral
Food , service and ambience is out of this world .	ambience	neutral
This is my favorite alcohol slushy drink in Vegas !	drink	neutral
I always get the peach Bellini and sometimes an extra shot depending on how I feel .	peach Bellini	neutral
But great drinks and be prepared to wait on the weekend where lines can get long but go by pretty quick .	drinks	neutral
The calamari fritti was good , sauce was pretty good .	calamari fritti	neutral
The calamari fritti was good , sauce was pretty good .	sauce	neutral
I was pretty upset to find that the menu on the website is not even a representation of the menu provided in the restaurant .	menu	neutral
The website says copyright 2012 , but Ferraro 's does NOT serve Eggplant Parmigiana as stated on their website , nor is their Chicken Parmigiana $ 20 .	Eggplant	neutral
The website says copyright 2012 , but Ferraro 's does NOT serve Eggplant Parmigiana as stated on their website , nor is their Chicken Parmigiana $ 20 .	Chicken	neutral
seriously ? ! ) with ANYTHING in marinara sauce .	marinara sauce	neutral
Especially since the menu both on the website and IN THE RESTAURANT says " served with pasta .	menu	neutral
good ... pizza .	pizza	neutral
This place nailed it ! !	place	neutral
From the antipasto salad for 2 served in a warm , fresh bread bowl ( why has this not been done before ? ? ! ! ) to the vegetarian pizza .	antipasto salad	neutral
From the antipasto salad for 2 served in a warm , fresh bread bowl ( why has this not been done before ? ? ! ! ) to the vegetarian pizza .	bread bowl	neutral
From the antipasto salad for 2 served in a warm , fresh bread bowl ( why has this not been done before ? ? ! ! ) to the vegetarian pizza .	vegetarian pizza	neutral
Small place , no flash .	place	neutral
Great food and friendly service .	food	neutral
Great food and friendly service .	service	neutral
We will definitely return to this spot !	spot	neutral
The kouign amann here is one of the best desserts / pastries that I 've ever had .	kouign amann	neutral
The kouign amann here is one of the best desserts / pastries that I 've ever had .	pastries	neutral
Not very much in terms of seating here	seating	neutral
but the pastry is best eaten warm with a tea or coffee .	pastry	neutral
Real nice guy .	guy	neutral
The pizza was really good .	pizza	neutral
All the veggies in the world on top .	veggies	neutral
The margaritas were very good .	margaritas	neutral
The chicken tortilla soup was very thick and not what I 'm used to having - not your traditional tortilla soup .	chicken tortilla soup	neutral
I heard the fajitas that others in the party ordered were tasty .	fajitas	neutral
They do n't have white cheese dip , it 's a baked cheese , which did n't please my daughter , but it was good .	white	neutral
Lots of warm colors , dim lighting , it looks like my kind of wine bar - not pretentious feeling at all .	lighting	neutral
We were n't planning on sharing an appetizer but the crispy french fries looked too good to pass up	crispy french fries	neutral
We had the regular fries and it was a huge portion that we could barely finish .	regular fries	neutral
I had the chicken pesto pasta and he had the cobb salad .	chicken pesto pasta	neutral
I liked my pasta , it was deceptively a lot more than it looked like in the bowl , which I ca n't complain about .	pasta	neutral
There was a bit too much sauce I 'd have to say , but they did n't skimp on the pasta or chicken which was appreciated .	sauce	neutral
There was a bit too much sauce I 'd have to say , but they did n't skimp on the pasta or chicken which was appreciated .	pasta	neutral
There was a bit too much sauce I 'd have to say , but they did n't skimp on the pasta or chicken which was appreciated .	chicken	neutral
He liked the salad , though he said it was n't as crisp as he hoped it to be .	salad	neutral
Our server was really great and the live music was a nice touch .	server	neutral
Our server was really great and the live music was a nice touch .	live music	neutral
This looks like a great place to catch up with some friends over a glass ( or two ) of wine and some good food .	food	neutral
Oh and I love their dog paintings !	dog paintings	neutral
The club is fairly small but the size really helps if you 're trying to keep track of several drunk friends who wander off .	club	neutral
The open bar for girls has provided a lot of free alcohol for my friends , and handy sodas for me ( since I 'm almost always the driver ) .	open bar	neutral
The music has varied across my visits , but it 's always been fun and good for dancing .	music	neutral
The bathrooms are easy to find and watching performers here is easy since the club is so compact .	bathrooms	neutral
The bathrooms are easy to find and watching performers here is easy since the club is so compact .	club	neutral
Great local brewery .	brewery	neutral
Very open floor plan .	floor	neutral
Good beers at reasonable prices .	beers	neutral
Good local vibe with hometown pride .	vibe	neutral
We had the best meal of our Vegas trip at Nobu .	meal	neutral
Our server suggested the tasting menu and put together an amazing dining experience based on our budget .	server	neutral
He did n't up - sell or condescend , instead he put together a great menu that we all loved and we could tell he loved serving us and explaining the dishes .	menu	neutral
Overall , Nobu is highly recommended and was the surprise show stopper for us during our time in Vegas !	Nobu	neutral
We tried all the salads and the soup !	salads	neutral
We tried all the salads and the soup !	soup	neutral
This place will cure your hangover and it might even change your life !	place	neutral
as I like to call it , has the best tasting smoothies of all the smoothie chains .	smoothies	neutral
And this location does a great job with consistency .	location	neutral
The staff here is super friendly and attentive .	staff	neutral
And that makes you feel better after dealing with all those non - friendly people who grace your presence throughout the course of life .	people	neutral
The Health Nut is a concoction of blueberries , mangos , bananas , and almonds ( along with the aforementioned protein ) and it is creamy delicious and satisfying .	Health	neutral
For food , they have an everchanging selection of salads and wraps , but I still have n't found that item that I just ca n't live without .	salads	neutral
For food , they have an everchanging selection of salads and wraps , but I still have n't found that item that I just ca n't live without .	wraps	neutral
I love sushi ! !	sushi	neutral
Food was OK .	Food	neutral
but I have to admit their portions for AYCE was pretty generous and the price was decent for the overall experience .	portions	neutral
Fantastic hummus , great shisha , some good specials from day to day .	hummus	neutral
Fantastic hummus , great shisha , some good specials from day to day .	shisha	neutral
Fantastic hummus , great shisha , some good specials from day to day .	specials	neutral
Always packed with beautiful young women .	women	neutral
You have to make yourself known if you want service though .	service	neutral
Good Arabic style coffee .	Arabic	neutral
Good Arabic style coffee .	coffee	neutral
Loved donkatsu burger .	donkatsu burger	neutral
Very generous portion .	portion	neutral
Staff were very kind , cheerful and helpful .	Staff	neutral
The minimalist atmosphere fully hones your focus towards experiencing the hand - made pastries and hand - crafted coffee offerings .	atmosphere	neutral
The minimalist atmosphere fully hones your focus towards experiencing the hand - made pastries and hand - crafted coffee offerings .	pastries	neutral
The minimalist atmosphere fully hones your focus towards experiencing the hand - made pastries and hand - crafted coffee offerings .	coffee offerings	neutral
From baker to barista , each is an expert and craftsmen .	barista	neutral
They can tell you the process used to make the cold - brew coffee as well as where the flour in your cookie came from .	cold - brew coffee	neutral
I love this spot for a brief escape .	spot	neutral
I turn off my phone and just immerse myself in this beautiful food and drink .	food	neutral
I turn off my phone and just immerse myself in this beautiful food and drink .	drink	neutral
Just be with your coffee and croissant .	coffee	neutral
Just be with your coffee and croissant .	croissant	neutral
You 'll leave happy and refreshed , with good caffeine buzz to keep you going .	caffeine buzz	neutral
The food is amazing .	food	neutral
I loved the daal makhani .	daal makhani	neutral
Though not an amazing ambience .	ambience	neutral
But worth it for take - outs .	take	neutral
I loved the decor and atmosphere here .	decor	neutral
I loved the decor and atmosphere here .	atmosphere	neutral
And I LOVED my smoked whiskey .	smoked whiskey	neutral
The presentation is flat - out magical .	presentation	neutral
I opted for the shrimp , and they were the best oxymoron ever - ENORMOUS cocktail was more like it :D	shrimp	neutral
salmon ( I usually get the seafood - not sure why I did n't this time ) or the chicken , which was my choice .	seafood	neutral
salmon ( I usually get the seafood - not sure why I did n't this time ) or the chicken , which was my choice .	chicken	neutral
I really do n't know why I picked the chicken .	chicken	neutral
The glaze was good , but there was n't much of it compared to the big piece of chicken .	glaze	neutral
The glaze was good , but there was n't much of it compared to the big piece of chicken .	chicken	neutral
For dessert we had a cute little plate with a piece of key lime dessert , a flourless chocolate cake , and something vanilla and gooey .	key lime dessert	neutral
For dessert we had a cute little plate with a piece of key lime dessert , a flourless chocolate cake , and something vanilla and gooey .	flourless chocolate cake	neutral
A few people did n't like the flourless chocolate cake , but I polished off the chocolate and the key lime .	flourless chocolate	neutral
This place really sucks ! ! ! ! !	place	neutral
I also was so looking forward to a good taco joint in this side of town , but this place a total disappointment !	taco	neutral
I expected big tacos , but instead I got a really small portion .	tacos	neutral
I expected big tacos , but instead I got a really small portion .	portion	neutral
The meat had no flavor and the tortilla was hard .	meat	neutral
The meat had no flavor and the tortilla was hard .	tortilla	neutral
Serving fresh quality food .	food	neutral
If I could give this place zero stars I would !	place	neutral
I was a little concerned about the washroom reviews , as I desperately had to use the bathroom when driving there .	washroom	neutral
I ordered the pork dumplings .	pork dumplings	neutral
99 for 14 very large dumplings !	dumplings	neutral
They took awhile to prepare but the waitress brought me complimentary Kimchi and something else , they both were great .	waitress	neutral
They took awhile to prepare but the waitress brought me complimentary Kimchi and something else , they both were great .	Kimchi	neutral
The dumplings themselves were good .	dumplings	neutral
I had their Chicken and Sourdough with Chives and Bacon Waffle .	Chicken and Sourdough with Chives	neutral
Overpriced , but service , ambiance , and food were good .	service	neutral
Overpriced , but service , ambiance , and food were good .	ambiance	neutral
Overpriced , but service , ambiance , and food were good .	food	neutral
I could taste the fresh Chives , and the Bacon .	Chives	neutral
I could taste the fresh Chives , and the Bacon .	Bacon	neutral
The bacon pieces were not super salty , and were not the fatty part , but more like the center cut .	bacon pieces	neutral
The roasted chicken was already moist and very flavorful by itself .	roasted chicken	neutral
The skin was very crispy and very good .	skin	neutral
Complimentary epi bread with butter and a berry jam that was not too too sweet .	epi bread with butter	neutral
Complimentary epi bread with butter and a berry jam that was not too too sweet .	berry jam	neutral
Maybe I 've been spoiled by Belair Cantina too many times but the food and service here were disappointing .	Cantina	neutral
Maybe I 've been spoiled by Belair Cantina too many times but the food and service here were disappointing .	food	neutral
Maybe I 've been spoiled by Belair Cantina too many times but the food and service here were disappointing .	service	neutral
We got the tacos first .	tacos	neutral
They were big but overly sauced and the protein was even room temperature .	protein	neutral
They have a salsa bar which seems like a fun idea , but they do n't even give you chips and salsa as a starter for free .	salsa bar	neutral
Belair gives you that and three awesome sauces .	sauces	neutral
Their tacos might be smaller but they 're way better .	tacos	neutral
The sweet potato fries were the only good thing I had on my plate .	sweet potato fries	neutral
And those drinks we ordered ?	drinks	neutral
Go to Belair Cantina , you 'll get more bang for your buck .	Cantina	neutral
Their prices are a bit too high and you can get better tasting tacos very close by .	tacos	neutral
Their Horchata had no flavor .	Horchata	neutral
Great atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Dimmed lights and authentic music .	music	neutral
Decor is a good mix between an 1800s pub and a fancy , modern restaurant .	Decor	neutral
Decor is a good mix between an 1800s pub and a fancy , modern restaurant .	pub	neutral
Decor is a good mix between an 1800s pub and a fancy , modern restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
There are two bars and thankfully one of them	bars	neutral
The portions at McMullan 's are huge .	portions	neutral
This time , Erin Ashley & I ordered a half - size Irish Nachos w/ Beef appetizer and a Texas BBQ Burger with fries to share .	Irish Nachos	neutral
The nachos are piled high with homemade potato chips , melted cheese , tomatoes , green onions , sour cream and seasoned ground beef ( I typically go for chicken , but this ground beef is pretty impressive ) .	nachos	neutral
I 'm surprised at just how well the pickles went with everything .	pickles	neutral
Oh , and the fries were top notch .	fries	neutral
The only thing I 'd change is the ketchup ( not thick enough for my tastes ) .	ketchup	neutral
I 'm looking forward to coming back and trying out their Whiskey Samplers and Beer Samplers with some friends .	Whiskey Samplers	neutral
I 'm looking forward to coming back and trying out their Whiskey Samplers and Beer Samplers with some friends .	Beer Samplers	neutral
You only realize how nice you had it when you have to change hotels into something about 5 stars below this 5 star hotel .	hotel	neutral
The service at checkin was amazing .	service	neutral
The service at checkin was amazing .	checkin	neutral
Needless to say the room was so large that the doorbell was a blessing for late night room service .	room	neutral
The beds were akin to clouds allowing you the most peaceful of sleeps .	beds	neutral
The rooms were also tidy and included DVR and stereos and free use of the safe .	rooms	neutral
The rooms were also tidy and included DVR and stereos and free use of the safe .	stereos	neutral
This including the dining and pool area .	dining	neutral
This including the dining and pool area .	pool area	neutral
We even liked the gift shop and the daily postings for new offers in the delightful aromatherapeutic spa .	aromatherapeutic spa	neutral
And if I failed to mention the security staff I would have missed a big " plus " of the hotel .	security staff	neutral
We found this place by chance , a boy are we fans .	place	neutral
We went for the watermelon / kiwi and loved it .	watermelon / kiwi	neutral
My experience tonight at Piggly 's was extremely disappointing .	Piggly 's	neutral
I ordered a cheeseburger , onion rings and a vanilla shake , and my total came to $ 17 .	cheeseburger	neutral
My onion rings were cold and parts of the onion tasted raw , but the most disappointing part of the meal was the cheeseburger .	onion rings	neutral
My onion rings were cold and parts of the onion tasted raw , but the most disappointing part of the meal was the cheeseburger .	onion	neutral
My onion rings were cold and parts of the onion tasted raw , but the most disappointing part of the meal was the cheeseburger .	cheeseburger	neutral
Completely dried out , flavorless and the entire outer edge of the patty was actually hardened .	patty	neutral
but I just could n't chew the hard pieces of the burger .	burger	neutral
The waitress did n't ask how my food was , otherwise I would have told her the truth .	waitress	neutral
I ca n't believe I just spent $ 17 plus a tip for that meal , only to come home and make myself a frozen dinner .	meal	neutral
I will not be back , and I do not recommend this place .	place	neutral
Really good and healthy menu .	menu	neutral
Some good unhealthy stuff too , like their pancakes , which are pretty yummy .	pancakes	neutral
The food is good but the service consistently sucks .	food	neutral
The food is good but the service consistently sucks .	service	neutral
Wait staff likes to bullshit instead of doing their job	Wait staff	neutral
Pedro at the bar was excellent - friendly , efficient and right on with his suggestions .	Pedro	neutral
Sushi and the roll were great .	Sushi	neutral
Sushi and the roll were great .	roll	neutral
Chicken satay was amazing .	Chicken satay	neutral
An interesting selection of draft beer .	draft beer	neutral
and I chose to come to this bar because of good things I 've heard from friends and the pictures that I 've seen online , let 's be honest it is a very hip and cute looking bar !	bar	neutral
The bar tenders were extremely rude and seemed inconvenienced to be making us drinks .	bar tenders	neutral
There was also an instance when we were trying to take a group picture in front of the bar 's sign which we were to later post ( advertisement ) and a female bartender made a snappy comment that she needed to get through our picture so that she could work to a couple of our group members while we were in the midst of taking the picture .	bartender	neutral
this place would not be the bar for you .	place	neutral
They prefer their bar not to be crowded and make sure you use your inside voice .	bar	neutral
go order of tacos and the Scottsdale Police decided they did not want to assist at all because they were friends with a guy that ran pizza shop .	pizza	neutral
When we arrived , there were two barbers working , both of which lacked enthusiasim for their jobs .	barbers	neutral
The barber acted as though he had no clue how to give a kid a haircut .	barber	neutral
The barber mumbled and acted as though he hated life and wanted to blow his head off .	barber	neutral
During the last downturn , noticed a change in quality and service .	service	neutral
But their current service staff and kitchen staff are producing some of the best consistent quality of food and beverage in Vegas .	service staff	neutral
But their current service staff and kitchen staff are producing some of the best consistent quality of food and beverage in Vegas .	kitchen staff	neutral
But their current service staff and kitchen staff are producing some of the best consistent quality of food and beverage in Vegas .	food	neutral
But their current service staff and kitchen staff are producing some of the best consistent quality of food and beverage in Vegas .	beverage	neutral
Brunch is a must .	Brunch	neutral
Have had dinner only twice , and very good .	dinner	neutral
Vast cheese selection , numerous brunch and lunch selections .	cheese	neutral
Food the last three times have been exceptional .	Food	neutral
Service is wonderful , staff is warm and friendly which add to the whole experience .	Service	neutral
Service is wonderful , staff is warm and friendly which add to the whole experience .	staff	neutral
Pricey , but worth it for the ambience .	ambience	neutral
Have only tried dim sum -- 7 days a week .	dim sum	neutral
This is my dream place .	place	neutral
so i was still happy getting to Guy 's !	Guy 's	neutral
We came in to find them seated on the outdoor patio and immediately : the music was way . too .	music	neutral
The type of music was no issue for me , personally . . .	music	neutral
BUT the fact it was so loud + casino sounds + packed restaurant volume + Vegas strip sounds = no good at all ! ! !	casino	neutral
Then our server was just ... wack !	server	neutral
my dad and I ordered and split this as well as the Vegas Fries ( next item ) the pulled pork was UH - MAZE - ING ! !	Vegas Fries	neutral
my dad and I ordered and split this as well as the Vegas Fries ( next item ) the pulled pork was UH - MAZE - ING ! !	pulled pork	neutral
the bourbon brown sugar bbq sauce was just the right amount of sweet and tangy , and was perfect with the pork ; i am not sure what the donkey sauce is	bourbon brown sugar bbq sauce	neutral
the bourbon brown sugar bbq sauce was just the right amount of sweet and tangy , and was perfect with the pork ; i am not sure what the donkey sauce is	pork	neutral
but i could tell there was another sharp flavor ; the cheddar was thick and blended well with the whole sandwich !	cheddar	neutral
unfortunately , i just realized this sandwich was missing the onion straws and slaw . . .	sandwich	neutral
and lastly the Vegas Fries !	Vegas Fries	neutral
the fries were still crispy since they were not " soaking " in the sauce just coated ; the side sauce was delicious !	fries	neutral
the fries were still crispy since they were not " soaking " in the sauce just coated ; the side sauce was delicious !	side sauce	neutral
( also a shot of buffalo sauce ) and overall very great fries !	fries	neutral
REALLY REALLY wanted to give this place a 4/5 ...	place	neutral
BUT ... due to the crazy loud music , lacking server , and forgotten items throughout the dishes , 3/5 is the best I could do :(	music	neutral
BUT ... due to the crazy loud music , lacking server , and forgotten items throughout the dishes , 3/5 is the best I could do :(	server	neutral
We stood by the door for super long and all the waiters were just starring and talking to each other .	waiters	neutral
Place was completely empty .	Place	neutral
I love pizza .	pizza	neutral
Pizza is one of my favorite things on the planet .	Pizza	neutral
So , it 's safe to say : I know good pizza .	pizza	neutral
THIS is good pizza .	pizza	neutral
I wish I could use swear words in this review because I REALLY want to get my point across : THIS IS AMAZING PIZZA ! ! !	PIZZA	neutral
The patio looked ( and sounded ) intriguing because there were a lot of people out there	patio	neutral
BLT salad came out really quickly and it had an entire avocado on top of it .	BLT salad	neutral
I love avocado .	avocado	neutral
Very fresh and simple but with great flavors : the bacon really complimented the cheese flavor of the dressing .	bacon	neutral
Very fresh and simple but with great flavors : the bacon really complimented the cheese flavor of the dressing .	dressing	neutral
The DI FARA turned out to be an amazing decision .	DI FARA	neutral
When we ordered it , the waitress asked if we wanted the smaller version .	waitress	neutral
The pizza was deep dish ( I 'm not sure if you can get NY style if you ask for it ? ) .	pizza	neutral
The crust was flaky and soft but crunchy and almost had a buttery flavor to it .	crust	neutral
The sauce is on - another - planet - good and the pepperoni reminded me of Grimaldi 's pepperoni ( but smaller ) .	sauce	neutral
The sauce is on - another - planet - good and the pepperoni reminded me of Grimaldi 's pepperoni ( but smaller ) .	pepperoni	neutral
The cheese was wonderful and balanced the flavors of the sauce and crust perfectly .	cheese	neutral
The cheese was wonderful and balanced the flavors of the sauce and crust perfectly .	sauce	neutral
The cheese was wonderful and balanced the flavors of the sauce and crust perfectly .	crust	neutral
I do n't think I could have imagined a better deep dish pizza , honestly .	deep dish	neutral
I do n't think I could have imagined a better deep dish pizza , honestly .	pizza	neutral
Some might say $ 26 is a lot for pizza , but I do n't .	pizza	neutral
This pizza was huge .	pizza	neutral
Oh , and our server was wonderful and friendly and kept our drinks full all night !	server	neutral
I ca n't wait to come back and try their other pizzas ! ! !	pizzas	neutral
Fun / cute little store with lots to look at .	store	neutral
Great place for Vegas souvenirs .	place	neutral
Staff full of energy and bubbly as heck .	Staff	neutral
I want to come back to try the ice cream , though .	ice cream	neutral
Good food .	food	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
The place looks really nice inside .	place	neutral
Little did we know this meal would take almost 2 hours due to painfully slow service .	service	neutral
I had the Caesar salad for an appetizer which was drenched in dressing .	Caesar salad	neutral
For my meal , I had the pork belly roll .	pork belly roll	neutral
I had high hopes since I love pork belly , but this had more fat than actual pork .	pork belly	neutral
Others ordered the scallops which were terrible , as well as the shepards pie , which was dry and had no vegetables in it .	scallops	neutral
Others ordered the scallops which were terrible , as well as the shepards pie , which was dry and had no vegetables in it .	shepards pie	neutral
The best part of the meal was the sticky toffee pudding .	sticky toffee pudding	neutral
Overall , this place sucked .	place	neutral
I am appalled that Gordon Ramsey yells at and denigrates people on television for their cooking skills while his own restaurant is sub - par with terrible service .	cooking	neutral
I am appalled that Gordon Ramsey yells at and denigrates people on television for their cooking skills while his own restaurant is sub - par with terrible service .	service	neutral
I am not a fan of Gordon Ramsey .	Gordon	neutral
Perhaps he should take a break from acting holier than thou on TV and pay attention to his shitty restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Food and service were both top notch .	Food	neutral
Food and service were both top notch .	service	neutral
Great Bloody Mary and the Brussels sprouts were amazing .	Bloody Mary	neutral
Great Bloody Mary and the Brussels sprouts were amazing .	Brussels sprouts	neutral
Very confident whatever food item you get will be cooked well .	food	neutral
Also many good vegetarian options .	vegetarian	neutral
So excited to have a nice restaurant like this in the area and plan to be back a lot !	restaurant	neutral
The strawberries tasted very tarty and the lemon cream inside was not that great .	strawberries	neutral
The strawberries tasted very tarty and the lemon cream inside was not that great .	lemon cream inside	neutral
I always order the JS2 Dak Gal Bee with chicken and seafood .	chicken	neutral
I 've always ordered it with the Joons special sauce , but I think next time I go I will try the spicy sauce for once .	spicy sauce	neutral
I 'm actually not the biggest fan of the rice cakes there as I find them a bit plain - the noodles with mozzarella cheese have much more chewiness to them as well as flavour .	rice cakes	neutral
I 'm actually not the biggest fan of the rice cakes there as I find them a bit plain - the noodles with mozzarella cheese have much more chewiness to them as well as flavour .	noodles with mozzarella cheese	neutral
There 's definitely a good amount of meat that comes with the combo , sufficient for two hungry souls on a cold winter day .	meat	neutral
Their sweet mash as sides is great too .	sweet mash as sides	neutral
I just fear for the servers ' safety when they cook the noodles since the equipment they use to cook the dishes look a bit archaic .	servers	neutral
I just fear for the servers ' safety when they cook the noodles since the equipment they use to cook the dishes look a bit archaic .	noodles	neutral
I just fear for the servers ' safety when they cook the noodles since the equipment they use to cook the dishes look a bit archaic .	dishes	neutral
fast & quick food is usually hot & ready , employees all seem pretty nice !	fast	neutral
fast & quick food is usually hot & ready , employees all seem pretty nice !	food	neutral
fast & quick food is usually hot & ready , employees all seem pretty nice !	employees	neutral
I remember my parents complaining about the chicken tasting rubbery here and that food did not taste good ..	chicken	neutral
I remember my parents complaining about the chicken tasting rubbery here and that food did not taste good ..	food	neutral
I still ended up trying this place anyways and my friend	place	neutral
The food was really good and came out very quickly ( which is always appreciated with a toddler ) .	food	neutral
We ordered the bibimbap in the stone bowl , the soft tofu stew with beef and vegetables , and the fried chicken dumplings .	bibimbap in the stone bowl	neutral
We ordered the bibimbap in the stone bowl , the soft tofu stew with beef and vegetables , and the fried chicken dumplings .	soft tofu stew with beef and vegetables	neutral
We ordered the bibimbap in the stone bowl , the soft tofu stew with beef and vegetables , and the fried chicken dumplings .	fried chicken dumplings	neutral
The food was delicious and the portions were large ( and super cheap ! ) .	food	neutral
The food was delicious and the portions were large ( and super cheap ! ) .	portions	neutral
We really enjoyed our meal and everything was delicious .	meal	neutral
This is definitely what I would call a " hole in the wall " place - the atmosphere is n't in any way fancy , but the food is outstanding .	place	neutral
This is definitely what I would call a " hole in the wall " place - the atmosphere is n't in any way fancy , but the food is outstanding .	atmosphere	neutral
This is definitely what I would call a " hole in the wall " place - the atmosphere is n't in any way fancy , but the food is outstanding .	food	neutral
I 'm from New York City , and it was really hard to find a pizza here that taste like in New York , and this place did .	pizza	neutral
and I think this is the only pizzeria that carry Sicilian slice	Sicilian slice	neutral
Service is outstanding , prices are very affordable and the menu selection is amazing !	Service	neutral
Service is outstanding , prices are very affordable and the menu selection is amazing !	menu selection	neutral
I had the chicken plate with salad .	chicken plate with salad	neutral
The Katsu was good and crisp , the rice perfect and green tea hit the spot for a chilly day .	Katsu	neutral
The Katsu was good and crisp , the rice perfect and green tea hit the spot for a chilly day .	rice	neutral
The Katsu was good and crisp , the rice perfect and green tea hit the spot for a chilly day .	green tea	neutral
WOW this place is delicious .	place	neutral
to share we got the Potatoe Dauphine	Potatoe	neutral
The soup was good but it was somewhat lacking in flavorful .	soup	neutral
But you do taste the natural ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
The salmon was a WOW .	salmon	neutral
The Salmon was moist and cooked right .	Salmon	neutral
it goes well with the purple cabbage .	purple cabbage	neutral
The place is very quiet .	place	neutral
Probably because of the location .	location	neutral
D辿cor was very nice .	D辿cor	neutral
Service was wonderful .	Service	neutral
They were so nice and the food was excellent .	food	neutral
We had the best server .	server	neutral
Over all this place was amazing .	place	neutral
The customer service is eh .	customer service	neutral
But then again , this is n't a place I go to for customer service and ambience , it 's a fast food joint after all	place	neutral
But then again , this is n't a place I go to for customer service and ambience , it 's a fast food joint after all	customer service	neutral
But then again , this is n't a place I go to for customer service and ambience , it 's a fast food joint after all	ambience	neutral
and I go for the Food which is by far incredibly yummy , satisfying and overall healthy .	Food	neutral
I wish this chain would expand to the US as I think it would do EXTREMELY well there .	chain	neutral
If you like spicy their Caribbean Jerk sauce is a must !	Caribbean Jerk sauce	neutral
The wraps are packed with veggies and a meat or protein of your choice , they have ample selection with numerous hot , grilled , or warm wraps which is great in cold Calgary weather .	wraps	neutral
The wraps are packed with veggies and a meat or protein of your choice , they have ample selection with numerous hot , grilled , or warm wraps which is great in cold Calgary weather .	wraps	neutral
They broccoli salad is decent and cookies are not bad .	broccoli salad	neutral
They broccoli salad is decent and cookies are not bad .	cookies	neutral
This joint is a true hole in the wall !	joint	neutral
I got the lox & eggs on jalape単o bagel and my coworker got the egg & cheese on cinnamon raisin .	egg	neutral
The bagels were soft and truly fresh , the lox had the perfect amount of salt ( I often find them too salty ) , and the cheese mixed so well with the cinnamon raisin ( I had a bite of that too ) .	bagels	neutral
The bagels were soft and truly fresh , the lox had the perfect amount of salt ( I often find them too salty ) , and the cheese mixed so well with the cinnamon raisin ( I had a bite of that too ) .	lox	neutral
There coffees are Out of this World BEST ....	coffees	neutral
If you 've never tried them you have NO idea what GREAT coffee tastes like .	coffee	neutral
West Wing room - Awesome shower with large opaque glass panels .	West Wing room	neutral
West Wing room - Awesome shower with large opaque glass panels .	shower	neutral
West Wing room - Awesome shower with large opaque glass panels .	opaque glass panels	neutral
There were some loose tiles in the bathroom area so had to watch out for those .	bathroom	neutral
I also wish the bathroom counter was larger .	bathroom counter	neutral
I thought the window was kinda small .	window	neutral
but I liked that the blinds hid the sunlight enough when I was trying to sleep in from a late night out on the town .	blinds	neutral
Not a large TV , not even a flat screen .	TV	neutral
Kinda expensive for my liking but the food was awesome .	food	neutral
Nice if you can forget that this place is supposed to be a French restaurant .	place	neutral
Most entrees come with crunchies - fries or garlic chips , and I hope people do n't walk out of here believing that this is what French food will be like if they go to the real Paris someday .	French	neutral
I conspired with a friend to share his steak with bordelaise sauce , and both were delicious .	steak	neutral
It was good , but not great - I was expecting more of a creamy sauce as is common in French fish preparation .	sauce	neutral
But it was pretty dry and of course so were the garlic chips and the veggies on the side .	garlic chips	neutral
Bread was nice and warm .	Bread	neutral
Their creme brul辿e was so - so - they definitely left the torch on for too long on a couple parts of the shell , and I got a bitter , burnt taste in my mouth .	creme brul辿e	neutral
Oh , and at the beginning of the meal 5 of us shared the scallop appetizer , which was good , but not good for the $ 16 it cost us .	scallop appetizer	neutral
They have an alright wine list and this is the first place in recent history that I 've been to where I can get Pouilly - Fuiss辿 by the glass -- which is great , because I 'm too cheap to get a whole bottle .	wine list	neutral
Not cheap , but worth going to if you want to get a good steak .	steak	neutral
Great Mexican restaurant .	Mexican restaurant	neutral
The Bar Side is dimily lit and has a dark ambiance .	Bar Side	neutral
The Bar Side is dimily lit and has a dark ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
The Restaurant side is larger and well lit and comfortable .	Restaurant side	neutral
The service has been excellent .	service	neutral
The food has been just as excellent .	food	neutral
Whether having an entree or the buffet style , the food has been fresh .	buffet	neutral
Whether having an entree or the buffet style , the food has been fresh .	food	neutral
I 'm still a fan of bocadillos ! !	bocadillos	neutral
Very tasty and traditional recipes as original venezuelan food .	venezuelan food	neutral
My prefere are : " arepa reina pepiada " , " cachapa " and any kind of " empanada " just delicious , i can come back anytime .	arepa reina pepiada	neutral
My prefere are : " arepa reina pepiada " , " cachapa " and any kind of " empanada " just delicious , i can come back anytime .	cachapa	neutral
My prefere are : " arepa reina pepiada " , " cachapa " and any kind of " empanada " just delicious , i can come back anytime .	empanada	neutral
Nice terrasse in backstore .	terrasse	neutral
The pizza was delicious and staff was outgoing anytime	pizza	neutral
The pizza was delicious and staff was outgoing anytime	staff	neutral
The Buffet at the Wynn is very decent .	Buffet	neutral
As much as i m not crazy about buffets , i really enjoyed this one .	buffets	neutral
Not like you re ordinary boring buffet , they have more delicate dishes in small portions that you can take on a small plate , rather than a big blop of food that you scoop up with a big spoon .	buffet	neutral
Not like you re ordinary boring buffet , they have more delicate dishes in small portions that you can take on a small plate , rather than a big blop of food that you scoop up with a big spoon .	dishes	neutral
Not like you re ordinary boring buffet , they have more delicate dishes in small portions that you can take on a small plate , rather than a big blop of food that you scoop up with a big spoon .	portions	neutral
The place is very clean , and the service is great .	place	neutral
The place is very clean , and the service is great .	service	neutral
The waiters were very good with refilling my drinks and clearing my plates .	waiters	neutral
Gambling is so awesome , i do nt even need food	Gambling	neutral
I tried the Fatty Salmon Sashimi appetizer .	Fatty Salmon Sashimi	neutral
I mean possibly the best salmon I have ever eaten .	salmon	neutral
The Roti Canai was really great -- so good that i decided that I had to recreate it later that week at home .	Roti Canai	neutral
The green curry chicken was really great .	green curry chicken	neutral
The Pad Thai was in the middle of all PT 's that I have had .	Pad Thai	neutral
The Honey Glazed Chicken with Walnuts was really really great .	Honey Glazed Chicken with Walnuts	neutral
I normally like my Asian food blazingly hot but this was fantastic , clean , and delicious .	Asian food	neutral
The desserts ( ice creams and sorbets ) were brilliant .	desserts	neutral
The desserts ( ice creams and sorbets ) were brilliant .	ice creams	neutral
The desserts ( ice creams and sorbets ) were brilliant .	sorbets	neutral
We had a white chocolate jasmine ice cream that was awesome and a Thai Iced Tea Sorbet that was very refreshing .	white chocolate jasmine ice cream	neutral
We had a white chocolate jasmine ice cream that was awesome and a Thai Iced Tea Sorbet that was very refreshing .	Thai Iced Tea Sorbet	neutral
The resort fee was kind of lame , but it 's where I needed to be .	resort	neutral
The room is huge and amazing .	room	neutral
Little bit of a pain in the ass to get to because of the casino maze .	casino maze	neutral
Only real complaint is the vending machine for a soda or water was $ 5 .	vending machine	neutral
Only real complaint is the vending machine for a soda or water was $ 5 .	soda	neutral
I had Smoked Chicken Chile Relleno	Smoked Chicken	neutral
I had Smoked Chicken Chile Relleno	Chile Relleno	neutral
The waiter was knowledgeable and very helpful .	waiter	neutral
Food was so great , served hot , great presentation .	Food	neutral
Food was so great , served hot , great presentation .	presentation	neutral
Parking has never been a problem Tues - Thursday .	Parking	neutral
because 1 ) can accommodate large group 2 ) smaller portions - so we can try a variety of dishes 3 ) proximity to other restaurants so that we can go restaurant hopping without having to drive ;)	portions	neutral
because 1 ) can accommodate large group 2 ) smaller portions - so we can try a variety of dishes 3 ) proximity to other restaurants so that we can go restaurant hopping without having to drive ;)	dishes	neutral
Northern Thai food & Laotian food are very similar - strong , pungent , spicy flavors rule .	Northern Thai food	neutral
Northern Thai food & Laotian food are very similar - strong , pungent , spicy flavors rule .	Laotian food	neutral
Our staples are sausage , papaya salad Lao style , tamarind prawns , pad kee mao , crab curry with noodles , crab fried rice , & sticky rice .	sausage	neutral
Our staples are sausage , papaya salad Lao style , tamarind prawns , pad kee mao , crab curry with noodles , crab fried rice , & sticky rice .	papaya salad	neutral
Our staples are sausage , papaya salad Lao style , tamarind prawns , pad kee mao , crab curry with noodles , crab fried rice , & sticky rice .	pad kee mao	neutral
Our staples are sausage , papaya salad Lao style , tamarind prawns , pad kee mao , crab curry with noodles , crab fried rice , & sticky rice .	crab curry with noodles	neutral
Our staples are sausage , papaya salad Lao style , tamarind prawns , pad kee mao , crab curry with noodles , crab fried rice , & sticky rice .	crab fried rice	neutral
Service has always been excellent .	Service	neutral
Got ta pay for that prime real estate & ambiance I guess	real	neutral
Got ta pay for that prime real estate & ambiance I guess	ambiance	neutral
Overall great food & service .	food	neutral
Overall great food & service .	service	neutral
Clean restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Voodoo Child is a total dream vision of a coffee shop .	Voodoo Child	neutral
Their cappuccino made with big brother blend espresso is pretty brill .	cappuccino	neutral
Baker loves dat triple B. Their coffee product and coffee skills are top - notch .	coffee product	neutral
Baker loves dat triple B. Their coffee product and coffee skills are top - notch .	coffee	neutral
The menu looks fantastic and for you fellow glutards , there are many GF options .	menu	neutral
The bartender Avary made us feel at home and clearly is a master of his craft .	bartender	neutral
Despite all of the new multi - story buildings going up in the area , the Entertainment district is still full of lively , exciting , cool and truly unique places to check out ; from the theatres to the restaurants , it is a great area to spend a night or two and explore .	theatres	neutral
Despite all of the new multi - story buildings going up in the area , the Entertainment district is still full of lively , exciting , cool and truly unique places to check out ; from the theatres to the restaurants , it is a great area to spend a night or two and explore .	restaurants	neutral
Their contemporary and inviting atmosphere is infused with Motown and Blues d辿cor and music , which sets the mood perfectly for their southern dishes .	atmosphere	neutral
Their contemporary and inviting atmosphere is infused with Motown and Blues d辿cor and music , which sets the mood perfectly for their southern dishes .	music	neutral
Their contemporary and inviting atmosphere is infused with Motown and Blues d辿cor and music , which sets the mood perfectly for their southern dishes .	southern dishes	neutral
They offer up a nicely balanced menu of traditional Cajun - style grub and the more typical Canadian restaurant fare ; from fish and fried foods galore , to goat - cheese - adorned salads and honey - garlic chicken , there really is something for everyone .	Cajun	neutral
They offer up a nicely balanced menu of traditional Cajun - style grub and the more typical Canadian restaurant fare ; from fish and fried foods galore , to goat - cheese - adorned salads and honey - garlic chicken , there really is something for everyone .	fish	neutral
They offer up a nicely balanced menu of traditional Cajun - style grub and the more typical Canadian restaurant fare ; from fish and fried foods galore , to goat - cheese - adorned salads and honey - garlic chicken , there really is something for everyone .	fried foods	neutral
They offer up a nicely balanced menu of traditional Cajun - style grub and the more typical Canadian restaurant fare ; from fish and fried foods galore , to goat - cheese - adorned salads and honey - garlic chicken , there really is something for everyone .	salads	neutral
They offer up a nicely balanced menu of traditional Cajun - style grub and the more typical Canadian restaurant fare ; from fish and fried foods galore , to goat - cheese - adorned salads and honey - garlic chicken , there really is something for everyone .	honey - garlic chicken	neutral
There are plenty of barbecued chicken , rib and steak platters to choose from , but what could be more appropriate than their cornmeal crusted catfish sticks ?	barbecued chicken	neutral
There are plenty of barbecued chicken , rib and steak platters to choose from , but what could be more appropriate than their cornmeal crusted catfish sticks ?	rib	neutral
There are plenty of barbecued chicken , rib and steak platters to choose from , but what could be more appropriate than their cornmeal crusted catfish sticks ?	steak platters	neutral
There are plenty of barbecued chicken , rib and steak platters to choose from , but what could be more appropriate than their cornmeal crusted catfish sticks ?	cornmeal	neutral
I had them with the goat cheese and Cajun - roasted pistachio salad , and it turned out to be a delightful meal .	goat cheese and Cajun - roasted pistachio salad	neutral
The catfish sticks are a must .	catfish sticks	neutral
When the fish did arrive , I was more than impressed with the serving size .	serving	neutral
The salad had a hint of that same Cajun spice on the pistachios , but was otherwise just as expected for greens , except for one crucial detail - the copious amount of cheese !	salad	neutral
The salad had a hint of that same Cajun spice on the pistachios , but was otherwise just as expected for greens , except for one crucial detail - the copious amount of cheese !	cheese	neutral
Finally , a restaurant after my own dairy - loving heart !	restaurant	neutral
I have too often overpaid for goat - cheese - promising pastas and salads that have fallen short .	pastas	neutral
I have too often overpaid for goat - cheese - promising pastas and salads that have fallen short .	salads	neutral
Thankfully proven wrong , on my next visit to Joe Mamas , I 'll be diving into their menu with less hesitancy .	Joe Mamas	neutral
Thankfully proven wrong , on my next visit to Joe Mamas , I 'll be diving into their menu with less hesitancy .	menu	neutral
My ABSOLUTELY favorite place to eat in Scottsdale , hands down .	place	neutral
The Rueben sandwich is exquisite and piled high with meat .	Rueben sandwich	neutral
The menu has cute names and is very descriptive .	menu	neutral
The food is fresh and of the highest quality .	food	neutral
The service is very good and the server is friendly , knowledgeable about the menu and very charming .	service	neutral
The service is very good and the server is friendly , knowledgeable about the menu and very charming .	server	neutral
My next stop in Arizona wo n't be complete food - wise without a trip to Cowboy Ciao !	Cowboy	neutral
That seems to be Shiloh Grill 's theme with its " ironic " bill of fare copy and all too laid - back staff , complete with messy hair and stubble on the gents .	staff	neutral
I bring this up because of the lackluster service , but more on that later .	service	neutral
The menu features nothing innovative , and that in itself is no crime .	menu	neutral
If their standard steaks , tacos , wings , sandwiches , and burgers were high - caliber , that would be fine , but for the most part , what we had did n't quite stack up to the ceiling .	steaks	neutral
If their standard steaks , tacos , wings , sandwiches , and burgers were high - caliber , that would be fine , but for the most part , what we had did n't quite stack up to the ceiling .	tacos	neutral
If their standard steaks , tacos , wings , sandwiches , and burgers were high - caliber , that would be fine , but for the most part , what we had did n't quite stack up to the ceiling .	wings	neutral
If their standard steaks , tacos , wings , sandwiches , and burgers were high - caliber , that would be fine , but for the most part , what we had did n't quite stack up to the ceiling .	sandwiches	neutral
If their standard steaks , tacos , wings , sandwiches , and burgers were high - caliber , that would be fine , but for the most part , what we had did n't quite stack up to the ceiling .	burgers	neutral
The pierogi , which in this case are deep - fried and homemade according to the menu , were more like Mrs. T 's than Baba Grabowski 's , know what I 'm sayin ' ?	pierogi	neutral
Again , I got a freezer - section vibe from these particular Polish dough packets .	Polish dough packets	neutral
If they are handmade , someone 's not trying , and I would n't be surprised if they are n't considering the ... err ... atmosphere ?	atmosphere	neutral
My Po Boy Crabcake sandwich is half the price of the crabcake entree , and comes in a bun that does n't know whether it wants to be a Cibatta , baguette , or English Muffin , and there 's nothing wrong with that sort of confusion at all .	Po	neutral
My Po Boy Crabcake sandwich is half the price of the crabcake entree , and comes in a bun that does n't know whether it wants to be a Cibatta , baguette , or English Muffin , and there 's nothing wrong with that sort of confusion at all .	Crabcake sandwich	neutral
My Po Boy Crabcake sandwich is half the price of the crabcake entree , and comes in a bun that does n't know whether it wants to be a Cibatta , baguette , or English Muffin , and there 's nothing wrong with that sort of confusion at all .	bun	neutral
The crabcake itself , to my palate , had a tell - tale aftertaste and uniformly cut crab chunks , indicating cryogenic shipments and quickie reheats .	crabcake	neutral
The fries that came with it were dusted with an exotic blend of spices that failed to mask the fact that they were limp , far from crisp , and a complete flop .	fries	neutral
Unfortunately , they were served in a hefty portion .	portion	neutral
A bite of Kay 's Bacon Cheeseburger gave me some hope that SG has something going for it .	Bacon Cheeseburger	neutral
Moist ' n rich , ' tis a pity that burgers are n't all SG sells .	burgers	neutral
Dessert was an overcooked debacle that took 20 minutes ( ? ? ? )	Dessert	neutral
Cookies - n - Cream is their dismal take on the chocolate chip cookie sundae .	Cookies	neutral
Oh , how it sizzled , so much so that our Gen X'er waiter advised us not to touch the dish , which came on a plate .	waiter	neutral
The bulk of the ice cream melted before our spoons touched a thing .	ice	neutral
I saw our server installing umbrellas into the iron tables and asked him for one .	server	neutral
And if our experience was n't already a hog 's lunch , as we were leaving , a barmaid delivered a dripping wet mug of beer to one of the harpies seated next to us .	barmaid	neutral
The barmaid never looked my way either nor did she apologize .	barmaid	neutral
The mediocre Redbeard 's managed to Hoover even less than Shiloh Grill .	Redbeard 's	neutral
After eating a piece of salad , I noticed it was sweet , Most likely a dressing .	salad	neutral
Knowing almost every salad dressing has soy in it , I asked the waiter and she confirmed it did have soy in it .	salad dressing	neutral
Just to tell me that they take food allergies seriously .	food	neutral
This is so irresponsible of a restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
I ordered the regular DK burger with no onions , which comes with a side of sweet potato fries , and I ordered a lemonade .	DK	neutral
The lady who took my order was really friendly !	lady	neutral
So I got my rosemary vanilla lemonade ( which was delicious ! !	rosemary vanilla lemonade	neutral
Open my order and my burger still had onions on it .	burger	neutral
The food was really tasty ...	food	neutral
The lemonade is delicious .	lemonade	neutral
The service was slow , but friendly .	service	neutral
The food was good .	food	neutral
The food is so KILLER here !	food	neutral
One of the few places where I grub on some Uni ( trust me , it 's fantastic here ) and one of the few places I would smash all the veggie skewers in one sitting .	Uni	neutral
Gobo chips and the maguro zuke don bowl are top picks for me at Kyara but make sure to grub on the buttered tako and , if you 're feisty , some of the japanese whiskey proves to go down nicely with the meal .	Gobo chips	neutral
Gobo chips and the maguro zuke don bowl are top picks for me at Kyara but make sure to grub on the buttered tako and , if you 're feisty , some of the japanese whiskey proves to go down nicely with the meal .	maguro zuke don bowl	neutral
Gobo chips and the maguro zuke don bowl are top picks for me at Kyara but make sure to grub on the buttered tako and , if you 're feisty , some of the japanese whiskey proves to go down nicely with the meal .	buttered tako	neutral
Great food , good service , but so FAR away from me ..	food	neutral
Great food , good service , but so FAR away from me ..	service	neutral
Waitress told us burgers were half off on Thursdays so gave it a go .	Waitress	neutral
Burgers took 45 minutes to get .	Burgers	neutral
Overall the burgers were average but the wait was ridiculous .	burgers	neutral
Overall the burgers were average but the wait was ridiculous .	wait	neutral
The old Inta styrofoam cups are no longer provided which kept your drink cooler longer .	Inta	neutral
I ordered a 32 oz and got a 24 oz and on top of that , they started using cheaper ingredients because my drink tasted nothing like any previous trips here .	drink	neutral
Consistency is what I loved about Inta having the same flavor and texture every time no matter what high school kid was preparing it .	Inta	neutral
It feels like there is new management as the store is only slightly different but you can tell they are totally skimping on the quality of their ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
Place was ok .	Place	neutral
Not a great location .	location	neutral
Food was good , chef was cool but top $ $ but not top atmosphere .	Food	neutral
Food was good , chef was cool but top $ $ but not top atmosphere .	chef	neutral
Judging from the lengthy menu , I am guessing the owners are either Shanghainese or Taiwanese , as many of the offerings did not seem to be either northern or southern Chinese dishes - perhaps someone familiar with regional Chinese cuisine can identify it for Yelp .	menu	neutral
Judging from the lengthy menu , I am guessing the owners are either Shanghainese or Taiwanese , as many of the offerings did not seem to be either northern or southern Chinese dishes - perhaps someone familiar with regional Chinese cuisine can identify it for Yelp .	regional Chinese cuisine	neutral
In any case there was lots of stuff involving congee .	congee	neutral
All dishes were very good and in a more authentic manner , did not use much sugar .	dishes	neutral
Decor is fun but	Decor	neutral
the restroom area needed to be a lot cleaner .	restroom area	neutral
An amusing sign on the men 's urinal read " Please fresh after your use " - someone had relettered it to say " Please flush after you use . "	men 's urinal	neutral
The service was abrupt but friendly - kind of like diner style waitresses with Chinese accents .	service	neutral
We will be back as I 'd like to try some of the more authentic dishes .	dishes	neutral
Great food , atmosphere , and service --- in particular my waitress Amanda , without fail , always provides the most exceptional service I have ever received !	food	neutral
Great food , atmosphere , and service --- in particular my waitress Amanda , without fail , always provides the most exceptional service I have ever received !	atmosphere	neutral
Great food , atmosphere , and service --- in particular my waitress Amanda , without fail , always provides the most exceptional service I have ever received !	service	neutral
Great food , atmosphere , and service --- in particular my waitress Amanda , without fail , always provides the most exceptional service I have ever received !	waitress	neutral
Great food , atmosphere , and service --- in particular my waitress Amanda , without fail , always provides the most exceptional service I have ever received !	Amanda	neutral
Great food , atmosphere , and service --- in particular my waitress Amanda , without fail , always provides the most exceptional service I have ever received !	service	neutral
All of which makes for the best well rounded service bear University Circle !	service	neutral
Just found this place , what a find !	place	neutral
Service was great and the food was even better !	Service	neutral
Service was great and the food was even better !	food	neutral
The rosemary potatoes are the best I 've ever eaten ! !	rosemary potatoes	neutral
Also a plus , this place is kept impeccable , very clean !	place	neutral
I admit we were hesitant at first but the food and service was amazing .	food	neutral
I admit we were hesitant at first but the food and service was amazing .	service	neutral
Funnel cake is a must and just brought back memories from when we were young .	Funnel cake	neutral
The coffee is good , and the desserts look tasty ( but I stuck with just the cookies ) .	coffee	neutral
The coffee is good , and the desserts look tasty ( but I stuck with just the cookies ) .	desserts	neutral
It 's a comfy place , but can get crowded quickly .	place	neutral
Food is good and tasty , service is very prompt and polite , and I did not walk away hungry .	Food	neutral
Food is good and tasty , service is very prompt and polite , and I did not walk away hungry .	service	neutral
Since everyone else has already reviewed this place in detail , there 's not much for me to add .	place	neutral
However , I suggest going there Sunday thru Thursday , when there are 2 for 1 specials , and specials on the conveyer belt ingredients for your " hot pot " meals , but again beware ; you need to be a Student with an ID Card , or in the ACTIVE Military .	hot pot	neutral
So , beware , this place will most probably cost more than a really good " all you can eat " sushi place .	all you can eat	neutral
So , beware , this place will most probably cost more than a really good " all you can eat " sushi place .	sushi place	neutral
Quality is very good , but do n't go here looking for a Chinese food bargain .	Chinese food	neutral
As I have warned , though it 's good food , your wallet probably wo n't like the check .	food	neutral
Great food great service .	food	neutral
Great food great service .	service	neutral
Strongly recommend the pretzel fondue .	pretzel fondue	neutral
Still scheptical , we ordered a chicken , avocado , bacon sandwich and s pretzel that was in the app section .	chicken , avocado	neutral
The boba was good , not goey or hard .	boba	neutral
I might give this place another try .	place	neutral
The prices are okay and the people working there are nice and friendly .	people	neutral
Great little dive bar .	dive bar	neutral
Always have a great experience , chicken wraps are my favorite .	chicken wraps	neutral
Ordered the pizza fries and chicken wings .	pizza fries	neutral
the food was hot .	food	neutral
The wings were decent , the pizza fries were AMAZING .	wings	neutral
The wings were decent , the pizza fries were AMAZING .	pizza fries	neutral
I get they are trying to go for a certain ambiance - but the service did not match it .	ambiance	neutral
I get they are trying to go for a certain ambiance - but the service did not match it .	service	neutral
The 2 Stars is really because of the taste of the food which was okay .	food	neutral
What I did not like was the service .	service	neutral
We were greeted by a miserable hostess , who cheered up when she learned me and my girlfriend were there for EDC .	hostess	neutral
We had a bus boy tell us how they have been open a couple months , things were up and down , and he hates his job .	bus boy	neutral
And correct me if I am wrong , but our server does not believe in smiling or anything beyond a monotone pitch .	server	neutral
The cold ramen noodles were pretty good , and nice during the summer .	cold ramen noodles	neutral
The lime sauce was refreshing , but a little bit overpowering , I thought .	lime sauce	neutral
The deluxe ramen was also good .	deluxe ramen	neutral
The portion given to you as " 2 Proteins items " are so minuscule - it was as if the server was going to croak over and die if he gave you more than the size of your thumb .	portion	neutral
The portion given to you as " 2 Proteins items " are so minuscule - it was as if the server was going to croak over and die if he gave you more than the size of your thumb .	server	neutral
Sorry Aloha Poki	Aloha Poki	neutral
The food is horrible .	food	neutral
The place was messy with food all over the floor .	place	neutral
And when we hit the buffet , the food was n't too fresh .	food	neutral
I went to the ladies room to freshen up & the washroom stank of cigarette smoke & one stall was out of order .	washroom	neutral
Have this place a second chance and I am so glad we did ! !	place	neutral
Our waiter RIchard was great .	waiter	neutral
Our waiter RIchard was great .	RIchard	neutral
Our steaks were ordered medium and they were cooked perfectly ! !	steaks	neutral
it should be a $ 20 buffet , not a $ 39 one .	buffet	neutral
very few choices and the food do n't taste good .	food	neutral
When I have guests from out of town this restaurant is always my go to .	restaurant	neutral
It 's intimate , fun and has spectacular food and drinks .	food	neutral
It 's intimate , fun and has spectacular food and drinks .	drinks	neutral
Service in both the bar and the dining room is unbeatable .	Service	neutral
Service in both the bar and the dining room is unbeatable .	bar	neutral
Service in both the bar and the dining room is unbeatable .	dining room	neutral
I can always ask a million questions about Ingredients or preparation and the service staff knows their menu thoroughly .	service staff	neutral
Some of my favorite moments ever have been in this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
It 's hard to pick which is better the food , the drinks or the service !	food	neutral
It 's hard to pick which is better the food , the drinks or the service !	drinks	neutral
It 's hard to pick which is better the food , the drinks or the service !	service	neutral
Everything on the menu far exceeds expectations and the staff is by far the friendliest in town .	menu	neutral
Everything on the menu far exceeds expectations and the staff is by far the friendliest in town .	staff	neutral
I had high hopes for this unique restaurant in the west end .	restaurant	neutral
The menu is quite creative so I was excited to go here , but other than a spectacular seafood selection , this place left much to be desired .	menu	neutral
The menu is quite creative so I was excited to go here , but other than a spectacular seafood selection , this place left much to be desired .	seafood selection	neutral
Once it was made clear that we were n't pleased with that , the service went downhill and I was expected to eat my meal with no fork , despite asking for one twice .	service	neutral
At the end of the meal , we then were held hostage waiting for over 15 minutes after asking for the bill as the wait staff shmoozed and ignored us .	wait staff	neutral
This place has a great vibe , creative cuisine and a lot of potential - unfortunately it 's potential is masked by it 's pretentiousness and inflexibility to accommodate it 's clientele .	vibe	neutral
This place has a great vibe , creative cuisine and a lot of potential - unfortunately it 's potential is masked by it 's pretentiousness and inflexibility to accommodate it 's clientele .	cuisine	neutral
After reading the reviews i decided to go give this place a try .	place	neutral
The salmon 's freshness was questionnable and the other maki 's were tasteless .	salmon	neutral
The salmon 's freshness was questionnable and the other maki 's were tasteless .	maki 's	neutral
The tempura in on of the maki was chewy and very oily .	tempura	neutral
The tempura in on of the maki was chewy and very oily .	maki	neutral
The cucumber was soft .	cucumber	neutral
The only reason why I give it an extra star is because the rice was well cooked .	rice	neutral
The food is great here and the workers are super nice the only place I would get pizza on the strip	food	neutral
The food is great here and the workers are super nice the only place I would get pizza on the strip	pizza	neutral
Pho was below average , bun bo hue great , and the rice dish that I ordered , the com suon nuong , was excellent !	Pho	neutral
Pho was below average , bun bo hue great , and the rice dish that I ordered , the com suon nuong , was excellent !	bun bo hue	neutral
Pho was below average , bun bo hue great , and the rice dish that I ordered , the com suon nuong , was excellent !	rice dish	neutral
Pho was below average , bun bo hue great , and the rice dish that I ordered , the com suon nuong , was excellent !	com suon nuong	neutral
Thai tea did n't really have a lot of flavor	Thai tea	neutral
Also , the egg rolls were really bland .	egg rolls	neutral
I wish their fish sauce , the nuoc mam , had more flavor to it , add a little spice , some garlic , and green onions	fish sauce	neutral
I wish their fish sauce , the nuoc mam , had more flavor to it , add a little spice , some garlic , and green onions	nuoc mam	neutral
The service was great !	service	neutral
Good food .	food	neutral
Really really bad customer service .	customer service	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
The hummus is a must and the anthens fries are so good ! !	hummus	neutral
The hummus is a must and the anthens fries are so good ! !	anthens fries	neutral
Drink menu is great .	Drink menu	neutral
The service and the food were absolutely incredible .	service	neutral
The service and the food were absolutely incredible .	food	neutral
The White Cheddar Pimento Cheese appetizer puts all other pimento cheese dishes to shame .	White Cheddar Pimento Cheese appetizer	neutral
I ordered the Crab BLT and my husband had the Meatloaf Sammy	Crab BLT	neutral
I ordered the Crab BLT and my husband had the Meatloaf Sammy	Meatloaf	neutral
I highly recommend visiting The Flipside Cafe .	Flipside Cafe	neutral
Cheap and delicious , i love the greek	greek	neutral
I also like the pita with the " olive sauce " , very yummy .	pita	neutral
I also like the pita with the " olive sauce " , very yummy .	"	neutral
I also like the pita with the " olive sauce " , very yummy .	olive sauce "	neutral
Best pita ever ! ! ! !	pita	neutral
I could nt finish my chicken wrap .	chicken wrap	neutral
The services is okay and the restaurant is a lil small .	services	neutral
The services is okay and the restaurant is a lil small .	restaurant	neutral
I purchased a flat bread and smoothie and was over charged .	flat bread	neutral
I purchased a flat bread and smoothie and was over charged .	smoothie	neutral
I emailed the manager right outside the location and when I get home realize that they did n't even give me the right flat bread .	flat	neutral
Honestly disappointment and dissatisfaction is an understatement and it is truly unfortunate since I was a weekly customer and truly enjoyed their food and drinks	food	neutral
Honestly disappointment and dissatisfaction is an understatement and it is truly unfortunate since I was a weekly customer and truly enjoyed their food and drinks	drinks	neutral
If you love peanut butter-- the Haboob smoothie is really , really good in addition to being healthy .	Haboob smoothie	neutral
My daughter had Yetiberry and loved it .	Yetiberry	neutral
I fought off cancer by making my own juices / smoothies-- but , Yeti 's are so much better and easier !	juices	neutral
I fought off cancer by making my own juices / smoothies-- but , Yeti 's are so much better and easier !	smoothies--	neutral
Brought Citrasaurus home to and I LOVED THAT also !	Citrasaurus	neutral
The food and sevice are great , Kameysh is the best she is a great hostess , they were super busy during my visit and she had everything in check !	food	neutral
The food and sevice are great , Kameysh is the best she is a great hostess , they were super busy during my visit and she had everything in check !	sevice	neutral
The food and sevice are great , Kameysh is the best she is a great hostess , they were super busy during my visit and she had everything in check !	Kameysh	neutral
The food and sevice are great , Kameysh is the best she is a great hostess , they were super busy during my visit and she had everything in check !	hostess	neutral
The Knuckle sandwich is one of the best Italian sandwiches i ever had !	Knuckle sandwich	neutral
Broken fingers are great as well !	Broken fingers	neutral
I recommend this joint to anyone , you wo nt be disappointed ! ! !	joint	neutral
Terrific , Authentic mexican street food served fast and deliciously tasty .	mexican street food	neutral
The beauty of this place is the simplicity of their setup .	setup	neutral
Cafeteria style with employees cooking right in front of you and ordering in a fast paced line .	line	neutral
Lots of selections to choose from , varieties of tacos , quesadillas , sopas and more .	tacos	neutral
Lots of selections to choose from , varieties of tacos , quesadillas , sopas and more .	quesadillas	neutral
Lots of selections to choose from , varieties of tacos , quesadillas , sopas and more .	sopas	neutral
two stars to the food , overall eatable .	food	neutral
I have yet to find ' quality ' Indian Food in Arizona , and I am sorry to report the India Oven continues that trend .	Indian Food	neutral
I have yet to find ' quality ' Indian Food in Arizona , and I am sorry to report the India Oven continues that trend .	India Oven	neutral
All Buffet 's are one star or less in my book ...	Buffet	neutral
Ordering directly off the menu the Indian fare rates 2 . 5 Arizona stars , as good as gets in this valley .	Indian fare	neutral
I 'm sure they could do better , unfortunately at the India Oven the focus is on the buffet .	India Oven	neutral
I 'm sure they could do better , unfortunately at the India Oven the focus is on the buffet .	buffet	neutral
The people who recommended this place to us also suggested The Angry Crab , what a disaster that dining experience was !	Angry Crab	neutral
If you want ' fresh ' Mexican seafood from the Sea of Cortez a mere 200 miles to the south , go to Baja Joe 's .	Baja	neutral
If you want frozen BS seafood , there 's an ocean of choices throughout the valley .	seafood	neutral
I guess we all have our priority 's in life , cheap buffet food lies at the very bottom of my list .	buffet food	neutral
All three times I have been impressed with the food .	food	neutral
This is a place I feel comfortable being a little more adventurous than usual as everything has been delicious .	place	neutral
The patio is amazing .	patio	neutral
I swear , this patio somehow transports me to a different place until I walk out of the gate and remember where I am .	patio	neutral
The only " eh " part about House of Tricks has been hit or miss service .	service	neutral
The very first time I went , our server was absolutely terrible - not even greeting our table for about 15 minutes ( and no , this is not an exaggeration ) .	server	neutral
There have been a few instances in which I wish my server was a little more attentive but overall , not too shabby .	server	neutral
This is definitely a place I will return to again and again .	place	neutral
Really great food .	food	neutral
Really great service .	service	neutral
The Grouper sandwich was a - mazing .	Grouper sandwich	neutral
The butterscotch pecan pie was a sweets lover 's dream .	butterscotch pecan pie	neutral
It was a busy Friday night , so service was decent , considering .	service	neutral
The spin dip was really good .	spin dip	neutral
I ca n't wait to go back for the tres leches cake .	tres leches	neutral
The food was so good !	food	neutral
I got the nachos - half order and that was even huge !	nachos	neutral
The atmosphere was very lively with a whole lot of country music ( my scene ) it is an older crowd ; 40s maybe ,	atmosphere	neutral
Super laid back , fun place .	place	neutral
In short really liked it as authentic Tex - Mex .	Tex - Mex	neutral
Very high quality ingredients and fair prices .	ingredients	neutral
The chips were warm and fresh tasting and they had two types of fresh salsa .	chips	neutral
The chips were warm and fresh tasting and they had two types of fresh salsa .	salsa	neutral
I had the brisket tacos .	brisket tacos	neutral
The meat was really , really good .	meat	neutral
Good homemade tasting corn tortillas too .	corn tortillas	neutral
I got the charro beans and was n't a huge fan .	charro beans	neutral
Probably should have gone with the refrieds , they looked really good .	refrieds	neutral
A friend had a burrito with carne asada and he really enjoyed it , commenting on the quality of the meat and fresh ingredients .	burrito with	neutral
A friend had a burrito with carne asada and he really enjoyed it , commenting on the quality of the meat and fresh ingredients .	carne asada	neutral
A friend had a burrito with carne asada and he really enjoyed it , commenting on the quality of the meat and fresh ingredients .	meat	neutral
A friend had a burrito with carne asada and he really enjoyed it , commenting on the quality of the meat and fresh ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
He said it was the best steak he 'd had at a Mexican / Tex - Mex joint	steak	neutral
Another had the pork enchiladas and was similarly impressed .	pork enchiladas	neutral
I think the entire tab for my meal with drink was about $ 14 after tax and tip .	meal	neutral
I think the entire tab for my meal with drink was about $ 14 after tax and tip .	drink	neutral
Service was very attentive but it was n't all that busy , so maybe hard to judge .	Service	neutral
The manager stopped by to make sure we were all happy with the food and we were .	manager	neutral
The manager stopped by to make sure we were all happy with the food and we were .	food	neutral
Give it a shot if you want authentic tasting Tex - Mex and not the typical bland seasoned beef Mexican slop that is so pervasive .	Tex - Mex	neutral
Give it a shot if you want authentic tasting Tex - Mex and not the typical bland seasoned beef Mexican slop that is so pervasive .	beef	neutral
Give it a shot if you want authentic tasting Tex - Mex and not the typical bland seasoned beef Mexican slop that is so pervasive .	Mexican	neutral
The pleasure will be all yours when after a couple of beers , tequila shots and chips / salsa , the waitress bestows you with the damages .	salsa	neutral
The pleasure will be all yours when after a couple of beers , tequila shots and chips / salsa , the waitress bestows you with the damages .	waitress	neutral
To say this place is expensive would be a total insult to the word expensive .	place	neutral
Clean and well decorated and the Reuben sandwich was very good .	Reuben sandwich	neutral
I have been a regular customer at this shop for about a year so i ve tried almost every type of drink on their menu , from the milk tea to the smoothies and slushies and even their milkshakes .	milk tea	neutral
I have been a regular customer at this shop for about a year so i ve tried almost every type of drink on their menu , from the milk tea to the smoothies and slushies and even their milkshakes .	smoothies	neutral
I have been a regular customer at this shop for about a year so i ve tried almost every type of drink on their menu , from the milk tea to the smoothies and slushies and even their milkshakes .	slushies	neutral
I have been a regular customer at this shop for about a year so i ve tried almost every type of drink on their menu , from the milk tea to the smoothies and slushies and even their milkshakes .	milkshakes	neutral
Their boba is always great !	boba	neutral
I ve even tried their vegan ice creams for milkshakes and they taste great !	vegan	neutral
I ve even tried their vegan ice creams for milkshakes and they taste great !	ice creams	neutral
Its always empty when i come in so i expect a better attitude and service .	service	neutral
I only go back for the great drinks and boba but i really think they could improve on their customer service	drinks	neutral
I only go back for the great drinks and boba but i really think they could improve on their customer service	boba	neutral
I only go back for the great drinks and boba but i really think they could improve on their customer service	customer service	neutral
We tried this place for the first time and it was really good .	place	neutral
The staff was super friendly and helpful .	staff	neutral
The chicken was super crispy , we just wished the sauce would have been a bit more spicy , but we will make to ask for extra spicy next time .	chicken	neutral
The chicken was super crispy , we just wished the sauce would have been a bit more spicy , but we will make to ask for extra spicy next time .	sauce	neutral
Loved the variety of yogurt flavors and toppings .	yogurt	neutral
Loved the variety of yogurt flavors and toppings .	toppings	neutral
Best coffee in Kensington and a sub $ 3 Americano .	coffee	neutral
Best coffee in Kensington and a sub $ 3 Americano .	Americano	neutral
Not sure if that 's a good sign or not , but there was mostly loaves of breads and a few small pastries out for sale .	pastries	neutral
There was little variety of breads or pastries to pick from .	breads	neutral
There was little variety of breads or pastries to pick from .	pastries	neutral
I went with the plain white bread because it was the softest .	plain white bread	neutral
The store was dimly lit when I went , so that did not help the slim pickings atmosphere .	store	neutral
The store was dimly lit when I went , so that did not help the slim pickings atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
The cashier was friendly though .	cashier	neutral
The bread was fresh , chewy , and thick .	bread	neutral
Overall , it 's an ok bakery	bakery	neutral
and I would come back for the bread .	bread	neutral
The food is very good and the customer service is great .	food	neutral
The food is very good and the customer service is great .	customer service	neutral
I got a large pho with chicken	pho with chicken	neutral
The prices were reasonable and the food was fantastic .	food	neutral
Service was great and everyone was super friendly .	Service	neutral
This place is truly disgusting !	place	neutral
I 've never seen such an unsanitary place before .	place	neutral
I get that that 's their decor	decor	neutral
Place is extremely overrated .	Place	neutral
I came in knowing there were drink specials on Wednesdays and the server did n't even know about it	server	neutral
She said cocktails were $ 4	cocktails	neutral
My strawberry daiquiri was 60 % ice , 10 % strawberries and the rest water .	strawberry daiquiri	neutral
Rum and coke was alright .	Rum and coke	neutral
So we tried the king nachos because everyone raved about it .	king nachos	neutral
it 's passable for dog food	dog food	neutral
, it looked gross , it was soggy and the guacamole was unflavoured and I do n't even want to know about the beef and the massive bean paste .	guacamole	neutral
, it looked gross , it was soggy and the guacamole was unflavoured and I do n't even want to know about the beef and the massive bean paste .	bean	neutral
I 'll pass , this place is truly a dive bar , not worth checking out .	place	neutral
they do n't do separate bills or accept debit and duck your heads when going downstairs to the washroom and cover your nose	washroom	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
It so delicious , and the staff are really nice .	staff	neutral
So full disclosure : I 'm vegan and this is a meat heavy restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
I 'm docking one star for the lack of a proper vegan entree .	vegan	neutral
I 'm docking one star for the lack of a proper vegan entree .	entree	neutral
The pickles and olives were amazing- the best pickles I 've ever had .	pickles and olives	neutral
The market salad was absolutely delicious and the employees were informative about the salad dressing and all the toppings .	market salad	neutral
The market salad was absolutely delicious and the employees were informative about the salad dressing and all the toppings .	salad dressing	neutral
The wine list was comprehensive and the offerings were high quality .	wine list	neutral
Had a great time at farm !	farm	neutral
And when I say papaya salad and mango sticky rice in the menu , I got excited	papaya	neutral
The food was excellent , I ordered above and it was all flavorful and fresh .	food	neutral
my jasmine rice had gone cold and the host happily replaced with fresh one .	jasmine rice	neutral
Salsa enfuego !	Salsa	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
This is also a great place to bring out of town guests who do n't want Strip crap .	place	neutral
Not very imaginative flavors , roughly ten flavors to choose from ( as long as all the machines are working ) , no new toppings , and the floored seemed dirty , all added up to a mediocre yogurt experience .	toppings	neutral
I tried their Blueberry Tart , Peanut Butter Cup , and Watermelon Sorbet .	Blueberry	neutral
Both the Blueberry and Peanut were perfectly fine , nothing to complain about but nothing to write home to as well .	Blueberry	neutral
Both the Blueberry and Peanut were perfectly fine , nothing to complain about but nothing to write home to as well .	Peanut	neutral
It was the Watermelon that tipped the scales .	Watermelon	neutral
I understand that watermelon is not an easy fruit to make into a yogurt	watermelon	neutral
Even after finishing the little bit of Watermelon and eating the other two , I could still taste the artificial flavor .	Watermelon	neutral
The pricing of the yogurt is about average compared to others and they do offer a stamp card program as well .	yogurt	neutral
Big portions and very good flavor .	portions	neutral
Service is super friendly as well !	Service	neutral
The store is too small .	store	neutral
Boxes are getting ruined and it seems unorganized at times .	Boxes	neutral
Aisles are thin .	Aisles	neutral
Not stroller friendly .	stroller	neutral
-This store and cream are really the only 2 places I care about in downtown summerlin .	store	neutral
-This store and cream are really the only 2 places I care about in downtown summerlin .	cream	neutral
Not the worst meal I 've had , but pretty close .	meal	neutral
I got the Ahi Salad and it was so bland and the fish was low quality .	Ahi Salad	neutral
I got the Ahi Salad and it was so bland and the fish was low quality .	fish	neutral
The dressing was gross and ruined the salad .	dressing	neutral
The dressing was gross and ruined the salad .	salad	neutral
Service was ok , but they ran out of vodka ? !	Service	neutral
Strange , sense they have a massive bar .	bar	neutral
The customer service was rude !	customer service	neutral
The pizza was saggy and it looked like it was taken out the oven too early just so that they get us out faster .	pizza	neutral
The pizza sucked , I think it is a disrespect to New York that this place has its name written on it .	pizza	neutral
The pizza sucked , I think it is a disrespect to New York that this place has its name written on it .	place	neutral
The parking was a pain as it was very busy .	parking	neutral
We were quite pleased with our meal here !	meal	neutral
It felt like being in Japan with the grinding of your own sesame seeds , the yummy tonkatsu sauce , and the unlimited miso soup , cabbage , and rice refills !	tonkatsu sauce	neutral
It felt like being in Japan with the grinding of your own sesame seeds , the yummy tonkatsu sauce , and the unlimited miso soup , cabbage , and rice refills !	miso soup	neutral
The tonkatsu itself was fried to perfection !	tonkatsu	neutral
My only criticism would be the cabbage sauce .	cabbage sauce	neutral
Overall , great place !	place	neutral
The food is Italian and very tasty .	food	neutral
The atmosphere is nice .	atmosphere	neutral
The servers are extremely friendly , welcoming , and hardworking .	servers	neutral
They serve complimentary bread , olive oil , and vinegar .	bread	neutral
They serve complimentary bread , olive oil , and vinegar .	olive	neutral
I ordered the arugula salad .	arugula salad	neutral
I 've been a fan of this place since waaaaay back when it was called " The Living Room . "	Living Room	neutral
It was my introduction to the world of loose - leaf tea , and even though nowadays I stop there maybe once or twice a year at most , the owner recognizes me every single time .	loose - leaf tea	neutral
If I recall correctly , their iced matcha was pretty delicious , though , especially on a hot day .	iced matcha	neutral
The atmosphere inside is n't bad , though if it 's empty then you feel sort of odd carrying on a conversation : the room 's got a bit of an echo - y feel .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere inside is n't bad , though if it 's empty then you feel sort of odd carrying on a conversation : the room 's got a bit of an echo - y feel .	room	neutral
The service is sometimes really slow , as well , but this is n't always a problem .	service	neutral
Prices of the teas are noted by how many " stars " each one is awarded .	teas	neutral
Chaye is definitely a place worth going for a drink , hot or cold .	Chaye	neutral
Never tried the sandwich before , but it 's the biggest thing on the menu .	sandwich	neutral
One would think the sandwich that is advertised the most , and largest on the menu , would be the tastiest , and most famous .	sandwich	neutral
The Bobbie has a mix of turkey , cranberry sauce , and stuffing .	Bobbie	neutral
Why does food get famous ?	food	neutral
One thing is for certain , the stuffing was as dry as the desert .	stuffing	neutral
The cranberry sauce might has well have been pulled straight from an abandoned nuclear bunker , it was dry as fuck like the rest of the sandwich and the entire state .	cranberry sauce	neutral
The turkey might as well have been tuna .	turkey	neutral
This sandwich literally made me question my own sanity .	sandwich	neutral
I understand if a steak is not cooked to your liking , it 's an easy mistake in a busy place , I served tables for 4 years .	steak	neutral
I understand if a steak is not cooked to your liking , it 's an easy mistake in a busy place , I served tables for 4 years .	place	neutral
I ordered normal turkey .	turkey	neutral
You would THINK that the cranberry sauce would save it , but no .	cranberry sauce	neutral
I 'm drunk , any food would taste good .	food	neutral
Fuck Capriotti 's .	Capriotti 's	neutral
This place is amazing !	place	neutral
we got our drinks and free chips and salsa immediately ( great chips and two sauces ) .	chips	neutral
we got our drinks and free chips and salsa immediately ( great chips and two sauces ) .	salsa	neutral
we got our drinks and free chips and salsa immediately ( great chips and two sauces ) .	sauces	neutral
And it was huge and he said the special spicy sauce was perfect :	special spicy sauce	neutral
He also ordered the chalupas .	chalupas	neutral
There were actually three per plate - it was probably the best shaved pork I 've ever had .	shaved pork	neutral
Either of those dishes alone would have made a substantial size lunch .	dishes	neutral
I ordered the chicken gordita ( I think it was supposed to come with beans , but I 'm glad it did n't , the chicken was so flavorful and enough on it 's own ) .	chicken gordita	neutral
The volcane was probably our least favorite , but the tortilla it was on , and the cheese it was covered in , were delicious ( not soggy at all ) .	volcane	neutral
The volcane was probably our least favorite , but the tortilla it was on , and the cheese it was covered in , were delicious ( not soggy at all ) .	tortilla	neutral
Highly recommend for a low - key , cheap , fun , filling meal !	meal	neutral
Thie review is for the restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
99 steak dinner special .	steak dinner	neutral
99 steak and petite lobster tail dinner .	steak	neutral
99 steak and petite lobster tail dinner .	lobster tail dinner	neutral
The petite lobster tails were a joke .	petite lobster tails	neutral
The bigger problems were the steaks .	steaks	neutral
Every steak at our table ( there were 6 ) were practically inedible .	steak	neutral
The baked potatos were good , as were the rolls .	baked potatos	neutral
The baked potatos were good , as were the rolls .	rolls	neutral
The rolls were actually great , definately the highlight of the whole meal .	rolls	neutral
The service was good .	service	neutral
The place is really tiny , and when multiple tables opened up together we were told the manager did n't want to put tables together .	place	neutral
The place is really tiny , and when multiple tables opened up together we were told the manager did n't want to put tables together .	manager	neutral
None of us expected much for a $ 6 steak dinner , but this was just terrible .	steak dinner	neutral
This place was pretty good !	place	neutral
I loved the gravy fries ! ! !	gravy fries	neutral
The place is pretty pricy !	place	neutral
This place gets mixed reviews , perhaps timing is important , and what you order .	place	neutral
The service is slow ( took forever to get coffee ... ordering / getting food was an epic wait ) .	service	neutral
The food is just ok ... a 2 . 5 stars .	food	neutral
It was all pretty bland and the potatoes were sweet for some reason ... which did n't work with the rest of the meal .	potatoes	neutral
However , the price is good and portions reasonable .	portions	neutral
You can eat a big meal for less that $ 10 .	meal	neutral
I kept thinking this place looked like a knock off Popeyes , but the chicken is decent for what you 're paying ( Vegas prices ) .	chicken	neutral
95 , cheaper than if you got the dark meal and the white meat meal as separate orders .	dark meal	neutral
95 , cheaper than if you got the dark meal and the white meat meal as separate orders .	white meat meal	neutral
Meal comes with fries and coleslaw .	Meal	neutral
Added a side of smoked mac n cheese ( extra ) bringing my order to around $ 23 .	smoked mac	neutral
I mean , more than I 'd pay for chicken at home , but not the most expensive meal I 've eaten on the strip by far .	meal	neutral
Heavy on the seasoning , but the breast was really large and juice and so was the wing .	seasoning	neutral
Heavy on the seasoning , but the breast was really large and juice and so was the wing .	breast	neutral
Heavy on the seasoning , but the breast was really large and juice and so was the wing .	wing	neutral
I was also pleasantly surprised to find the fries were really really good .	fries	neutral
Overall , good food with an okay price .	food	neutral
The burger had almost no flavor at all , except for the bacon , which I had to take off of the burger after one bite .	burger	neutral
The burger had almost no flavor at all , except for the bacon , which I had to take off of the burger after one bite .	bacon	neutral
They use a super smokey bacon that is very over - whelming .	smokey	neutral
They use a super smokey bacon that is very over - whelming .	bacon	neutral
Not to mention , I 'm pretty sure the bacon is pre - cooked and sitting in a pan on the flat - top for a few hours before you order it .	bacon	neutral
The burger patty was n't seasoned at all .	burger patty	neutral
Probably the most bland burger I 've ever had .	burger	neutral
After I took the bacon off , the only thing that added flavor was the onion , barely .	onion	neutral
Burger onions should be sliced , not diced .	Burger onions	neutral
Their fries were not good , either .	fries	neutral
How can fries be flavorless , you ask ?	fries	neutral
This is a restaurant for real Taiwanese street food .	street food	neutral
The deep fried / popcorn chicken is my favorite !	deep fried / popcorn chicken	neutral
You can eat a full table of food without breaking your wallet at this place .	place	neutral
However , this is definitely not a place you will enjoy sitting there for too long .	place	neutral
The restaurant is small with very limited seating .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant is small with very limited seating .	seating	neutral
Take - out might be a better option .	Take - out	neutral
However , for the food and price , this place is unbeatable .	food	neutral
However , for the food and price , this place is unbeatable .	place	neutral
The quality of food has gone downhill since I last visited ( probably mid-2012 ) .	food	neutral
The dough ( buttermilk - type drink ) was SO bad this time .	dough ( buttermilk	neutral
Plus , since this is a popular place for families , there are always hoards of devil children screaming and crying .	place	neutral
Add those screams to the constant din of chairs screeching against the floor as they 're being dragged , and you 've got an orchestra of the most annoying sounds possible .	chairs	neutral
Overall : Decent food , crappy dough , annoying / loud / awful atmosphere	food	neutral
Overall : Decent food , crappy dough , annoying / loud / awful atmosphere	dough	neutral
Overall : Decent food , crappy dough , annoying / loud / awful atmosphere	atmosphere	neutral
I was suprised how much I liked Kahunaville .	Kahunaville	neutral
Sandwiches are all very reasonably priced- around 11 bucks- and very large .	Sandwiches	neutral
The drinks are spendy like most of Vegas but be nice and they pour stiff .	drinks	neutral
I highly recommend a Bombay and tonic yard .	Bombay and tonic yard	neutral
Our server was very friendly and professional , She did a great job especially since one of my group pulled a rude dipshit maneuver with an empty ketchup bottle .	server	neutral
We were surprised at the good variety of options here , both meaty and vegetarian , healthy and less - so .	meaty	neutral
We were surprised at the good variety of options here , both meaty and vegetarian , healthy and less - so .	vegetarian	neutral
I had the len - chili soup , it was delicious with the feta sprinkled on top .	len - chili soup	neutral
Their side salad was good too .	side salad	neutral
Most portions were quite generous - definitely enough to share .	portions	neutral
The hummus was good , although a bit heavy on the tahini for my taste .	hummus	neutral
The hummus was good , although a bit heavy on the tahini for my taste .	tahini	neutral
The fancy cakes in the case seemed a bit odd given the middle eastern theme of the food , but they looked lovely -	fancy cakes	neutral
I have yet to try a dish here that I do n't love !	dish	neutral
The thick cut pork chop with apple chutney is cooked to perfection and is by far my favorite dish .	thick cut pork chop with apple chutney	neutral
If pork is n't your thing , the prime rib or lobster ravioli are top notch !	pork	neutral
If pork is n't your thing , the prime rib or lobster ravioli are top notch !	prime rib	neutral
If pork is n't your thing , the prime rib or lobster ravioli are top notch !	lobster ravioli	neutral
This is my regular pizza take - out place	pizza	neutral
and I love that this tiny little eatery pumps out some pretty great pies !	eatery	neutral
and I love that this tiny little eatery pumps out some pretty great pies !	pies	neutral
Vegetarian pizza ( loaded with veggies ) and a saporita .	saporita	neutral
I am not a fan of the calamari but am very much a fan of the tiramisu which is DELICOUS .	calamari	neutral
I am not a fan of the calamari but am very much a fan of the tiramisu which is DELICOUS .	tiramisu	neutral
Gabriel , who I am assuming is the owner , is always friendly and gets us in and out quickly .	Gabriel	neutral
This is a consistently good go - to place for pizza .	place	neutral
This is a consistently good go - to place for pizza .	pizza	neutral
Wicked Spoon 's been featured on some food shows as a top notch buffet	Wicked Spoon	neutral
What I enjoyed about the Wicked Spoon - most items are in individual servings .	Wicked Spoon	neutral
What I enjoyed about the Wicked Spoon - most items are in individual servings .	servings	neutral
Food was fresh .	Food	neutral
Do n't look for a salad bar .	salad	neutral
But plenty of veggie and fruit items .	veggie	neutral
There was a suckling pig on the rotisserie , but it was n't ready yet .	rotisserie	neutral
Your typical breakfast joint .	breakfast joint	neutral
I did n't sit in and dine because I was in a rush , but from what I could see the decor was pretty bad and the restaurant had a funny smell to it .	decor	neutral
I did n't sit in and dine because I was in a rush , but from what I could see the decor was pretty bad and the restaurant had a funny smell to it .	restaurant	neutral
The typical breakfast was definitely what you expected from a grease spoon , but was not a fan of the home fries .	breakfast	neutral
The typical breakfast was definitely what you expected from a grease spoon , but was not a fan of the home fries .	home fries	neutral
The potatoes were undercooked and underflavoured .	potatoes	neutral
The food was spot on , the drinks were intriguing and perfectly balanced ( also set back to the 1920s , and they 're known for their Moscow mule ) , and the elegant lighting had me gazing at everyone 's beauty .	food	neutral
The food was spot on , the drinks were intriguing and perfectly balanced ( also set back to the 1920s , and they 're known for their Moscow mule ) , and the elegant lighting had me gazing at everyone 's beauty .	Moscow mule	neutral
The food was spot on , the drinks were intriguing and perfectly balanced ( also set back to the 1920s , and they 're known for their Moscow mule ) , and the elegant lighting had me gazing at everyone 's beauty .	lighting	neutral
Happy hour is as legit as it comes .	Happy hour	neutral
5 - 8pm with so many of my first picks as options including steak !	steak	neutral
They have the option of putting a spicy rub on your steak of choice .	steak	neutral
and I say that after trying half the menu .	menu	neutral
so it actually allowed for more time to enjoy the atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Expected an up scale place but was greatly disappointed .	place	neutral
The decorations were quite nice and customer service was good as well .	decorations	neutral
The decorations were quite nice and customer service was good as well .	customer service	neutral
Nothing to write home but the service is there .	service	neutral
I ordered the lunch special which is 7 .	lunch special	neutral
I m used to paying around 5/6 bucks for lunch specials or meals that size .	lunch	neutral
I m used to paying around 5/6 bucks for lunch specials or meals that size .	meals	neutral
There are a few options for the lunch special i chose the fried chicken .	fried chicken	neutral
The fried chicken was nt bad at all but could def be seasoned a bit better .	fried chicken	neutral
The rice and peas was pretty generic	rice and peas	neutral
i love lots of oxtail gravy ( well usually ) .	oxtail gravy	neutral
The gravy was quite watery and the colour of ketchup , which i m sure they put aloy of in the oxtail ( gross ) .	gravy	neutral
It did not taste like oxtail at all and the meat was undercooked and super fatty .	meat	neutral
Quite possibly the BEST pancakes I 've ever had .	pancakes	neutral
Not a huge obscene size , but a normal looking pancake that knocks your socks off !	pancake	neutral
Go there , order pancakes and be amazed :)	pancakes	neutral
The best breakfast burrito I 've ever had .	breakfast burrito	neutral
Perfect amount of hash browns , eggs , cheese and bacon in every bite .	hash browns	neutral
Perfect amount of hash browns , eggs , cheese and bacon in every bite .	eggs	neutral
I also tried the prosciutto and pear toast with ricotta spread on top and that was incredible .	prosciutto and pear toast with	neutral
I also tried the prosciutto and pear toast with ricotta spread on top and that was incredible .	ricotta spread	neutral
I saw a review that their cupcakes do n't taste good , but I 'm pretty sure that lady was on drugs because I 'm envious of how their cupcakes taste and wish the ones I baked at home tasted this good .	cupcakes	neutral
I saw a review that their cupcakes do n't taste good , but I 'm pretty sure that lady was on drugs because I 'm envious of how their cupcakes taste and wish the ones I baked at home tasted this good .	cupcakes	neutral
The consistency of the cake is just perfect , not too firm / not too soft , and the buttercream frosting is amazing !	cake	neutral
The consistency of the cake is just perfect , not too firm / not too soft , and the buttercream frosting is amazing !	buttercream frosting	neutral
Does n't have that tangy anchovy or lemon taste you expect .	anchovy or	neutral
Pasta Salad - Personally not my favorite because it has a strange taste , but it is n't terrible ; it 's just not what you expect pasta salad to taste like .	Pasta Salad	neutral
Pasta Salad - Personally not my favorite because it has a strange taste , but it is n't terrible ; it 's just not what you expect pasta salad to taste like .	pasta salad	neutral
However , I believe they use the same ingredients to make the coleslaw and it works well with the coleslaw , just not the pasta salad .	coleslaw	neutral
However , I believe they use the same ingredients to make the coleslaw and it works well with the coleslaw , just not the pasta salad .	coleslaw	neutral
However , I believe they use the same ingredients to make the coleslaw and it works well with the coleslaw , just not the pasta salad .	pasta salad	neutral
Gumbo - Their gumbo is very good .	gumbo	neutral
The bread it comes with it quite tasty as well .	bread	neutral
Chicken Salad	Chicken Salad	neutral
Portabella Panini -	Portabella Panini	neutral
Sometimes it 's WAY too greasy ( especially since there 's no meat in it ) and the veggies are over cooked and slide out because there 's so much grease , but I 've had it a few times when it was made perfectly , with not much grease and just veggies that still have a bit of a crunch .	veggies	neutral
Lemonade - you might walk in and think that there 's dirt in their lemonade container , but IT 'S FRESH VANILLA BEAN , and my god	Lemonade	neutral
Lemonade - you might walk in and think that there 's dirt in their lemonade container , but IT 'S FRESH VANILLA BEAN , and my god	lemonade container	neutral
- it 's very good also , but very spicy so be careful if you do n't like spicy food because the jalapenos had my mouth on fire .	jalapenos	neutral
The decor is just beautiful .	decor	neutral
but our server Raul was very attentive to our needs and helped make the birthday girl feel very special !	server	neutral
but our server Raul was very attentive to our needs and helped make the birthday girl feel very special !	Raul	neutral
Chef Josh even came out to wish her a happy bday and cut the cake !	Chef	neutral
I had Caesar salad , calamari and bucatini .	calamari	neutral
All were amazing but the Caesar salad was my favorite , the flavor is incredible .	Caesar salad	neutral
Ca n't wait to try their $ 1 oysters on Tuesdays .	oysters	neutral
Great service and food .	service	neutral
Great service and food .	food	neutral
I had the brie and blue cheese chicken sandwich which was amazing ; the combo of brie , apples , blue cheese and walnuts was inspired .	brie and blue cheese chicken sandwich	neutral
I had the brie and blue cheese chicken sandwich which was amazing ; the combo of brie , apples , blue cheese and walnuts was inspired .	brie , apples , blue cheese and walnuts	neutral
My mom had the quiche	quiche	neutral
We got a few pastries Togo that were a delightful treat .	pastries	neutral
Highly recommend the peach smoothies as well , just the right amount of sweet .	peach smoothies	neutral
I can see why all helper seem to love this place !	place	neutral
I love their milk tea & popcorn chicken , very friendly service .	milk tea	neutral
I love their milk tea & popcorn chicken , very friendly service .	popcorn chicken	neutral
I love their milk tea & popcorn chicken , very friendly service .	service	neutral
The one I have order lately is the 3-G milk tea , red bean & tofuhua	3-G milk tea	neutral
milk tea , green tea , which is all good .	milk tea	neutral
milk tea , green tea , which is all good .	green	neutral
It was not really aesthetically pleasing , there were not very many options for shopping or eating and the size of the place was very underwhelming .	place	neutral
It 's a medium sized spot with a good amount of seating and the decor is a mix of Afghanistan , Pakistan , and America .	spot	neutral
It 's a medium sized spot with a good amount of seating and the decor is a mix of Afghanistan , Pakistan , and America .	seating	neutral
It 's a medium sized spot with a good amount of seating and the decor is a mix of Afghanistan , Pakistan , and America .	decor	neutral
The food choices are plentiful and even have some vegetarian options ( but only two fish ) .	food	neutral
I got the vegetable biryani and the portion size was enough to feed two , or in my case one with ample leftovers .	vegetable biryani	neutral
I got the vegetable biryani and the portion size was enough to feed two , or in my case one with ample leftovers .	portion	neutral
I really liked it , and the veggie samosa was fine .	veggie samosa	neutral
The chatni ( green chili sauce with mint and coriander ) and yogurt sauce that come with the dish were tasty accompaniments to my meal .	chatni ( green chili sauce with	neutral
The chatni ( green chili sauce with mint and coriander ) and yogurt sauce that come with the dish were tasty accompaniments to my meal .	yogurt sauce	neutral
Affordable prices and good food , along with attentive service makes this a great choice for lunch or dinner .	food	neutral
Affordable prices and good food , along with attentive service makes this a great choice for lunch or dinner .	service	neutral
decent room for the price , not a far walk to The Strip , cheap tables , etc , etc .	room	neutral
decent room for the price , not a far walk to The Strip , cheap tables , etc , etc .	tables	neutral
Just more lack of customer service .	customer service	neutral
I prefer Amir ; the meat at Boustan is overly charred for me and the pickled vegetables are too strong .	meat	neutral
I prefer Amir ; the meat at Boustan is overly charred for me and the pickled vegetables are too strong .	pickled vegetables	neutral
But I imagine Boustan is probably more authentic .	Boustan	neutral
Also it always kind of grossed me out that one employee would wear the same purple latex glove for everything - preparing food , taking money , etc etc .	employee	neutral
First let me say that the food here is very good .	food	neutral
Based on the food alone I would give them four stars .	food	neutral
But the service is so abysmal that I have to knock them down to two stars .	service	neutral
In summary - GREAT food but LOUSY service !	food	neutral
In summary - GREAT food but LOUSY service !	service	neutral
Good view of the fountains , good beer selection , nice atmosphere , and the braided pretzel appetizer is pretty good .	view of	neutral
Good view of the fountains , good beer selection , nice atmosphere , and the braided pretzel appetizer is pretty good .	beer selection	neutral
Good view of the fountains , good beer selection , nice atmosphere , and the braided pretzel appetizer is pretty good .	atmosphere	neutral
Good view of the fountains , good beer selection , nice atmosphere , and the braided pretzel appetizer is pretty good .	braided pretzel appetizer	neutral
Have n't tried the main food ( and that appeared to be mostly sports bar Staples anyways ) .	main food	neutral
Everyone enjoyed their meal .	meal	neutral
I had a lamb burger .	lamb burger	neutral
Merkato ist sehr lecker und g端nstig	Merkato	neutral
Ich kann das Merkato nur weiter empfehlen .	Merkato	neutral
i went for the asian Fusion bowl with edamame , kimchi , beets , carrot , broccoli , sprouted mung beans , spiced chickpeas , goji berries , and black sesame seeds over a mixed lettuce base , with shitake mushrooms for protein , and the tamari ginger dressing .	asian Fusion	neutral
i went for the asian Fusion bowl with edamame , kimchi , beets , carrot , broccoli , sprouted mung beans , spiced chickpeas , goji berries , and black sesame seeds over a mixed lettuce base , with shitake mushrooms for protein , and the tamari ginger dressing .	edamame	neutral
The regular portion was more than filling and I thoroughly enjoyed the flavors and mix of textures in the salad .	regular portion	neutral
The regular portion was more than filling and I thoroughly enjoyed the flavors and mix of textures in the salad .	salad	neutral
The ingredients were fresh , well prepared	ingredients	neutral
but I found the salad a little heavy with all those beans and not enough greens considering	salad	neutral
The venue itself was clean and well maintained ; nothing fancy	venue	neutral
However , I would prefer a little more lettuce in my power bowl next time ...	power bowl	neutral
Bartender and support staff far exceeded expectations .	Bartender	neutral
Bartender and support staff far exceeded expectations .	support staff	neutral
Although crowded , the service and food were outstanding .	service	neutral
Although crowded , the service and food were outstanding .	food	neutral
Very nice place ! ! !	place	neutral
And , the hostess and managers made you feel very welcome for the short wait .	hostess	neutral
And , the hostess and managers made you feel very welcome for the short wait .	managers	neutral
And , the hostess and managers made you feel very welcome for the short wait .	wait	neutral
Highly recommend for food , drinks and service .	food	neutral
Highly recommend for food , drinks and service .	drinks	neutral
Highly recommend for food , drinks and service .	service	neutral
It has a large variety of beer , full bar , good food , excellent service , etc ...	beer	neutral
It has a large variety of beer , full bar , good food , excellent service , etc ...	bar	neutral
It has a large variety of beer , full bar , good food , excellent service , etc ...	food	neutral
It has a large variety of beer , full bar , good food , excellent service , etc ...	service	neutral
It was the size of my face , but I just think that I 'm not a huge fan of the fusion Korean / Mexican food .	fusion Korean / Mexican food	neutral
I LOVE Mexican food , and something about the bulgogi just did n't do it for me .	bulgogi	neutral
Bulgogi rice	Bulgogi rice	neutral
Pork bulgogi tater	Pork bulgogi	neutral
I love nachos , and sour cream .	nachos	neutral
I love nachos , and sour cream .	sour cream	neutral
I really think it was the sour cream though .	sour cream	neutral
My friend swapped the bulgogi for pork bulgogi , which was a good choice .	pork bulgogi	neutral
Pork belly skewers-	Pork belly skewers-	neutral
I did n't like the pork belly quality or the marinade .	pork belly	neutral
I did n't like the pork belly quality or the marinade .	marinade	neutral
Interior is a bit " hole in the wall .	Interior	neutral
They serve alcohol , accommodates bigger parties , but the place is not all that huge .	place	neutral
Service was 5 stars .	Service	neutral
We enjoyed everything ; the waiter was knowledgeable , and professional .	waiter	neutral
The tapas was wonderful .	tapas	neutral
We had the Chicken and Seafood Paella and the Seafood Stew .	Chicken and Seafood Paella	neutral
We had the Chicken and Seafood Paella and the Seafood Stew .	Seafood Stew	neutral
We had no room for dessert , but the variety looked very tempting .	dessert	neutral
This restaurant did not disappoint .	restaurant	neutral
Delicious food , fantastic ambiance and excellent service .	food	neutral
Delicious food , fantastic ambiance and excellent service .	ambiance	neutral
Delicious food , fantastic ambiance and excellent service .	service	neutral
We were treated to tons of food served family style including , pad thai , egg rolls , wasabi encrusted filet mignon and the most amazing desserts that came with fortune cookies with hysterical fortunes .	pad thai	neutral
We were treated to tons of food served family style including , pad thai , egg rolls , wasabi encrusted filet mignon and the most amazing desserts that came with fortune cookies with hysterical fortunes .	egg rolls	neutral
We were treated to tons of food served family style including , pad thai , egg rolls , wasabi encrusted filet mignon and the most amazing desserts that came with fortune cookies with hysterical fortunes .	filet mignon	neutral
We were treated to tons of food served family style including , pad thai , egg rolls , wasabi encrusted filet mignon and the most amazing desserts that came with fortune cookies with hysterical fortunes .	desserts	neutral
Coming from Miami , the specialty cocktails seemed fairly priced at $ 13 each .	specialty cocktails	neutral
Unfortunately , the stamp did n't give us a short cut .	stamp	neutral
The club had a great vibe with music I could dance to , but it seemed like the way to go here is VIP .	club	neutral
If you 're going to wear 4 inch heels then you need a place to sit and the Club offers nowhere to rest your feet unless you pay for bottle service .	bottle service	neutral
Walking around , you can find bar areas that are less crowded if you move away from the dance floor .	bar	neutral
and she s very kind , excellent food thank for the wonderful meal , best hot pot in town	food	neutral
and she s very kind , excellent food thank for the wonderful meal , best hot pot in town	meal	neutral
and she s very kind , excellent food thank for the wonderful meal , best hot pot in town	hot pot	neutral
The taho 's caramel sauce and the buchi 's sesame seed covering was very bitter and overcooked .	taho 's caramel sauce	neutral
The taho 's caramel sauce and the buchi 's sesame seed covering was very bitter and overcooked .	buchi 's	neutral
The taho 's caramel sauce and the buchi 's sesame seed covering was very bitter and overcooked .	sesame seed covering	neutral
All the food we ordered ( lauriat and chicken ) looked and tasted like they were reheated and not freshly prepared that day .	lauriat	neutral
All the food we ordered ( lauriat and chicken ) looked and tasted like they were reheated and not freshly prepared that day .	chicken	neutral
Not very busy , no line up , friendly staff .	staff	neutral
How do they prepare that wild salmon ?	wild salmon	neutral
Great food !	food	neutral
Price is a little pricey and the food is a little on the smaller portion size .	food	neutral
Price is a little pricey and the food is a little on the smaller portion size .	portion	neutral
However if you share dishes with friends then you would get full quite easily .	dishes	neutral
Come in regularly and get the jay cutler bowl .	jay cutler bowl	neutral
$ 13 and a massive portion that will stuff you and leave you with a snack for later good value and portions .	portion	neutral
$ 13 and a massive portion that will stuff you and leave you with a snack for later good value and portions .	portions	neutral
Thai tea with boba was not as expected as someone put caramel in it .	Thai tea with boba	neutral
The blueberry muffin protein shake was tasty but came off more like a light and fluffy milkshake than a protein shake .	blueberry muffin protein shake	neutral
Overall good food , good value , and good service .	food	neutral
Overall good food , good value , and good service .	service	neutral
Absolutely the best breakfast burrito you will ever eat !	breakfast burrito	neutral
They make their own salsa and sell it by the jar also .	salsa	neutral
Seriously , you need to try the burritos if you are in this neighborhood for breakfast .	burritos	neutral
Friendly people who own the place and work here .	people	neutral
Just a cute little neighborhood joint .	joint	neutral
There are many Thai food restaurants here , but nothing beats Surang 's !	Surang	neutral
Their spices and textures are just right .	spices	neutral
Basil chicken and satay are my favorites .	Basil chicken	neutral
Basil chicken and satay are my favorites .	satay	neutral
My husband loves the pineapple fried rice and Panang beef .	pineapple fried rice	neutral
My husband loves the pineapple fried rice and Panang beef .	Panang beef	neutral
I do believe one of the chefs used to work at Archies ( our 2nd fav ) , but this one pays more attention to the quality of the dishes .	dishes	neutral
Read all kinds of great reviews for the sandwiches , soups etc .	sandwiches	neutral
Read all kinds of great reviews for the sandwiches , soups etc .	soups	neutral
Hoped breakfast would be the same .	breakfast	neutral
Service was very friendly but also very , very slow .	Service	neutral
We were seated right away but waited quite some time for our drink order to be taken ( which was not by our waitress ) and then took another 10 minutes for her to appear .	waitress	neutral
We 'll start with the home fries .	home fries	neutral
The omelet was the worst I 've ever had .	omelet	neutral
The eggs were put in a skillet , cooked on one side and then flipped like a burger and cooked through on the other side .	eggs	neutral
The ham , onions and peppers were just there .	ham	neutral
No ingredients cooked into the egg like you see when it is made properly .	egg	neutral
My wife ordered the breakfast burrito which was good .	breakfast burrito	neutral
We will try here again one more time to try the Rueben 's .	Rueben 's	neutral
It did n't feel authentic as the decor is pretty much football team flags and 3 flags from the country .	decor	neutral
However it was very relaxing with the soft lighting and comfortable chairs .	lighting	neutral
However it was very relaxing with the soft lighting and comfortable chairs .	chairs	neutral
Roti Canai is one of the well known dishes from the country	Roti Canai	neutral
The dish was good , however I thought there would be more than a flat bread and dipping sauce .	dish	neutral
Basil chicken was amazing !	Basil chicken	neutral
just like the dish Tha came second .	dish	neutral
So much flavor was packed into this dish I could n't even begin to discover the powering flavor other than basil .	dish	neutral
Flat fried rice noodle with shrimp was a bit bland and the shrimp were not cleaned properly however had a nice bright orange color and not over cooked which is always appreciated .	Flat fried rice noodle with shrimp	neutral
Flat fried rice noodle with shrimp was a bit bland and the shrimp were not cleaned properly however had a nice bright orange color and not over cooked which is always appreciated .	shrimp	neutral
The gentleman was nice and made a few suggestions , but I did n't get much time to view the entire menu as I assume he wanted my order in asap .	gentleman	neutral
I 'll be back to try more delicious dishes from here .	dishes	neutral
Happy Eats !	Eats	neutral
Tapa style but MEGA portions .	Tapa	neutral
Tapa style but MEGA portions .	portions	neutral
Left very full and satisfied but some of the food was just MEH .	food	neutral
Ordered smoked salmon bagels , manchego mac n cheese , spicy beef salad , stuffed dates , firefly fries , mushroom tart , tierra y mar skewers , shrimp tempura , chicago beef bocadillos , and lamb chops .	smoked salmon	neutral
Ordered smoked salmon bagels , manchego mac n cheese , spicy beef salad , stuffed dates , firefly fries , mushroom tart , tierra y mar skewers , shrimp tempura , chicago beef bocadillos , and lamb chops .	manchego mac n cheese	neutral
Ordered smoked salmon bagels , manchego mac n cheese , spicy beef salad , stuffed dates , firefly fries , mushroom tart , tierra y mar skewers , shrimp tempura , chicago beef bocadillos , and lamb chops .	spicy beef salad	neutral
Ordered smoked salmon bagels , manchego mac n cheese , spicy beef salad , stuffed dates , firefly fries , mushroom tart , tierra y mar skewers , shrimp tempura , chicago beef bocadillos , and lamb chops .	stuffed dates	neutral
Ordered smoked salmon bagels , manchego mac n cheese , spicy beef salad , stuffed dates , firefly fries , mushroom tart , tierra y mar skewers , shrimp tempura , chicago beef bocadillos , and lamb chops .	firefly fries	neutral
Ordered smoked salmon bagels , manchego mac n cheese , spicy beef salad , stuffed dates , firefly fries , mushroom tart , tierra y mar skewers , shrimp tempura , chicago beef bocadillos , and lamb chops .	mushroom tart	neutral
Ordered smoked salmon bagels , manchego mac n cheese , spicy beef salad , stuffed dates , firefly fries , mushroom tart , tierra y mar skewers , shrimp tempura , chicago beef bocadillos , and lamb chops .	tierra y mar skewers	neutral
Ordered smoked salmon bagels , manchego mac n cheese , spicy beef salad , stuffed dates , firefly fries , mushroom tart , tierra y mar skewers , shrimp tempura , chicago beef bocadillos , and lamb chops .	shrimp tempura	neutral
Ordered smoked salmon bagels , manchego mac n cheese , spicy beef salad , stuffed dates , firefly fries , mushroom tart , tierra y mar skewers , shrimp tempura , chicago beef bocadillos , and lamb chops .	chicago beef bocadillos	neutral
Salmon bagels , fries , and stuffed dates were really good .	Salmon bagels	neutral
Salmon bagels , fries , and stuffed dates were really good .	fries	neutral
Salmon bagels , fries , and stuffed dates were really good .	stuffed dates	neutral
I had the pick 2 , half salad and soup of the moment .	half salad	neutral
With one brushetta and a beautiful glass of wine .	brushetta	neutral
With one brushetta and a beautiful glass of wine .	glass of wine	neutral
Service : wonderful ! ! !	Service	neutral
Atmosphere : beautiful and clean .	Atmosphere	neutral
Very poor management .	management	neutral
Very long wait times	wait	neutral
A lot of the staff looks like they do nt know what they are doing .	staff	neutral
The greeter is completely lost .	greeter	neutral
Only staff that was good was the server that walks really fast .	server	neutral
I am VERY unhappy with the service I got here .	service	neutral
I can not emphasis how upset and disappointed I am with the service here , or lack thereof .	service	neutral
Great service and good food ! ! !	service	neutral
Great service and good food ! ! !	food	neutral
Try the tots ....	tots	neutral
We had chicken and green chilies .	chicken and green chilies	neutral
Tostados are a must ! ! ! !	Tostados	neutral
So good with the ginger !	ginger	neutral
The appocolips sow burger was also good ...	appocolips sow burger	neutral
Once upon a time ... before profiteering became more important than product , there were a lot of good food items to be had .	food	neutral
Anyone remember when Twinkies or Ho Ho 's actually tasted like food , and not like chemical compounds ?	Twinkies	neutral
Well , the same applies to Primanti Brothers .	Primanti	neutral
Primanti Brother at one time was a decent sandwich shop with a quirky gimmick .	Primanti Brother	neutral
Primanti Brother at one time was a decent sandwich shop with a quirky gimmick .	sandwich	neutral
Yes , you could get a steak sandwich piled high with your favorites ... french fries and cole slaw ...	steak sandwich	neutral
Yes , you could get a steak sandwich piled high with your favorites ... french fries and cole slaw ...	french fries	neutral
Yes , you could get a steak sandwich piled high with your favorites ... french fries and cole slaw ...	cole slaw	neutral
As the business grew , the Primanti Brothers started cutting corners to maximize profits .	Primanti	neutral
The meat became nothing more than Steak - Ums , and they started adding everything under the sun that could be served on a bun to their menu to try to draw in more people .	meat	neutral
A nice healthy chicken breast ... grilled in the same grease as everything else and topped with fries and cole slaw .	chicken breast	neutral
A nice healthy chicken breast ... grilled in the same grease as everything else and topped with fries and cole slaw .	fries	neutral
A nice healthy chicken breast ... grilled in the same grease as everything else and topped with fries and cole slaw .	cole	neutral
Greasy , did n't taste much like fish , the batter was soggy from the grease , the cheese clearly came in little squares from a plastic package , and even the tartar sauce could n't make it more palatable .	batter	neutral
Greasy , did n't taste much like fish , the batter was soggy from the grease , the cheese clearly came in little squares from a plastic package , and even the tartar sauce could n't make it more palatable .	cheese	neutral
Greasy , did n't taste much like fish , the batter was soggy from the grease , the cheese clearly came in little squares from a plastic package , and even the tartar sauce could n't make it more palatable .	tartar sauce	neutral
The woman said to me : " WHAT is up with Primanti ?	Primanti	neutral
I guess we could say that Primanti is kind of the White Castle of Pittsburgh , only with more " GOOOO Steelers " - ambience .	Primanti	neutral
I guess we could say that Primanti is kind of the White Castle of Pittsburgh , only with more " GOOOO Steelers " - ambience .	ambience	neutral
Or ... you think McD 's is fine dining .	McD 's	neutral
The gimmick of the fries and slaw on the sandwich does n't make it a decent meal .	fries	neutral
The gimmick of the fries and slaw on the sandwich does n't make it a decent meal .	slaw	neutral
The gimmick of the fries and slaw on the sandwich does n't make it a decent meal .	sandwich	neutral
The gimmick of the fries and slaw on the sandwich does n't make it a decent meal .	meal	neutral
Just means you 're gullible to local yokel advertising .	yokel	neutral
Very good food and fabulous service .	food	neutral
Very good food and fabulous service .	service	neutral
Their lamb burger and roasted lamb are two dishes to kill for .	lamb burger	neutral
Their lamb burger and roasted lamb are two dishes to kill for .	roasted lamb	neutral
The ambience is fantastic and the folks there really make you feel welcome and like you 're part of family .	ambience	neutral
I 'd probably say the prices are a little on the higher side , but that 's the thing with fine dining I guess .	dining	neutral
Love this breakfast place !	breakfast place	neutral
Their waffles are delish and servers are fast !	waffles	neutral
Their waffles are delish and servers are fast !	servers	neutral
My fave breakfast spot in North Hills .	breakfast	neutral
Get a sarsaparilla as you watch the young kids in your family ride the donkeys .	sarsaparilla	neutral
A great little Ramen shop !	Ramen	neutral
The atmosphere is bright and modern , small tables make it feel intimate and cozy .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is bright and modern , small tables make it feel intimate and cozy .	tables	neutral
The corn butter and spicy pork Ramen are both incredible .	corn butter	neutral
The corn butter and spicy pork Ramen are both incredible .	spicy pork Ramen	neutral
Rich broth and great toppings with every bowl !	broth	neutral
Rich broth and great toppings with every bowl !	toppings	neutral
Rich broth and great toppings with every bowl !	bowl	neutral
The combo with some gyoza is a great deal .	combo with	neutral
The combo with some gyoza is a great deal .	gyoza	neutral
It 's the kind of place you can eat pretty frequently and not run out of things to try because their menu changes somewhat often .	place	neutral
It 's the kind of place you can eat pretty frequently and not run out of things to try because their menu changes somewhat often .	menu	neutral
The only reason this place does n't have five stars is because it 's a hidden gem !	place	neutral
The counter service woman was so kind and efficient .	counter service woman	neutral
We waited a bit , but the service was great ! !	service	neutral
Footsteps away from my home is a pizza/ bagel heaven !	pizza/	neutral
Honestly , I expected much more for the price and the ' reputation ' as a Michael Symon restaurant .	Michael	neutral
The bread was n't even warm and fresh .	bread	neutral
Mushroom pizza was eh ..	Mushroom pizza	neutral
I've had better pizza for 1/2 the price .	pizza	neutral
We wanted the crispy pig ears but they were out .	crispy pig ears	neutral
The goat cheese mac and cheese was good but again ... not worth $ 17 .	goat cheese mac and cheese	neutral
The chicken liver was also good but not impressive .	chicken liver	neutral
In summary , I expected an explosion of goodness with each dish and every bite ... but instead got the feeling like when you expect your pop rocks to really crackle ...	dish	neutral
What great service !	service	neutral
We received totally awesome service !	service	neutral
The manager was very helpful and got us set with a whole stack of pizzas in a pretty amazing amount of time .	manager	neutral
The manager was very helpful and got us set with a whole stack of pizzas in a pretty amazing amount of time .	pizzas	neutral
Not sure why this place was n't busier .	place	neutral
Perfect equation ; price , ambience and taste to die for .	ambience	neutral
The pizza was awesome .	pizza	neutral
The oil was misleading though as the medium was hotter than the " hot " ; great touch .	oil	neutral
The oil was misleading though as the medium was hotter than the " hot " ; great touch .	medium	neutral
The meat lasagna was a great combination of flavours .	meat lasagna	neutral
If dessert always tasted like the sticky toffee i would opt for dessert more often .	dessert	neutral
Best quality ayce in las vegas ... very consistent .	ayce	neutral
Best ama ebi with head ever .	ama ebi with head	neutral
The lobster rolls are delicious .	lobster rolls	neutral
The Mac and cheese is delish too .	Mac and cheese	neutral
The crab fries are on point .	crab fries	neutral
I got the Lobster burger and he went for a Salmon burger .	Lobster burger	neutral
I was surprised to see how much lobster meat there was in the burger !	burger	neutral
The salmon was also grilled perfectly .	salmon	neutral
We spent about $ 25 on the two combos but it was sooooo worth the money !	combos	neutral
Vegetarians ( and all ) - the fried tofu Po'Boy does not disappoint .	fried tofu Po'Boy	neutral
Great bourbon selection & helpful , friendly staff .	bourbon selection	neutral
Great bourbon selection & helpful , friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Environment is cool and laid back .	Environment	neutral
Good TVs @ the bar if you 're interested in catching a game .	TVs	neutral
Good TVs @ the bar if you 're interested in catching a game .	bar	neutral
Solid meal , the Pacific Coast fish & chips are quite good .	meal	neutral
Solid meal , the Pacific Coast fish & chips are quite good .	Pacific Coast	neutral
Solid meal , the Pacific Coast fish & chips are quite good .	fish & chips	neutral
The calamari appetizer was the best .	calamari appetizer	neutral
They served a dipping sauce that seemed like a spicy ranch that is the perfect complement to the calamari .	calamari	neutral
Decor is good , restaurant is clean .	Decor	neutral
Decor is good , restaurant is clean .	restaurant	neutral
It is a nice place , I really enjoy the terrasse .	place	neutral
It is a nice place , I really enjoy the terrasse .	terrasse	neutral
The food is ok and it is definitely more expensive then the average korean spot .	food	neutral
Most of the drinks can be made hot or cold .	drinks	neutral
A lot of reviews here were n't fans of the chai latte	chai latte	neutral
And man let me tell you about this cold brew .	cold brew	neutral
so I did n't get a chance to try the food unfortunately .	food	neutral
The lighting is warm and ambient , not bright or in - your - face .	lighting	neutral
The music fit the image of this place albeit almost at bar - level volume .	music	neutral
The music fit the image of this place albeit almost at bar - level volume .	place	neutral
It 's loud for a coffee shop	coffee	neutral
Smoking is allowed on the patio but that 's not an issue for me , however if it is for you , you may want to hang out inside .	patio	neutral
Even the dumpiest fast - food joint will at least have an unenthusiastic cashier asking me what I want first .	cashier	neutral
The barista / bartender making my drink definitely looked like they 'd rather be anywhere but here .	barista	neutral
The barista / bartender making my drink definitely looked like they 'd rather be anywhere but here .	bartender	neutral
Food service is n't great , but I at least try to not look miserable when I 'm working with customers .	Food service	neutral
The interior is messy , artistic , and attractive giving it a warm industrial feeling .	interior	neutral
I just wish the same could be said about the service .	service	neutral
This place went above and beyond my expectations when I first came here .	place	neutral
As a Boston resident attending college in Pittsburgh , I expected any good grade sushi to be overpriced .	sushi	neutral
I was very surprised to see all the specialty rolls between $ 7 and $ 13 , especially considering how delicious and fresh they are .	specialty rolls	neutral
That price beats nearly all of the excellent Boston sushi I 've had .	sushi	neutral
My boyfriend says this place has the best calamari he 's ever had .	calamari	neutral
I 'm not a big fan of squid , but I enjoyed the octopus in ponzo sauce here .	octopus in ponzo sauce	neutral
I recommend the spicy senorita roll and the green dragon roll .	spicy senorita roll	neutral
I recommend the spicy senorita roll and the green dragon roll .	green dragon roll	neutral
I give my 5 star rating only to the sushi menu .	sushi menu	neutral
The dinner entrees here are delicious , but the portion sizes are incredibly small .	dinner entrees	neutral
The dinner entrees here are delicious , but the portion sizes are incredibly small .	portion sizes	neutral
Compounded with the $ 30 price tag , I would give the dinner entrees 4 stars .	dinner entrees	neutral
The view is AMAZING !	view	neutral
It 's perfect for drinks with a view of Pittsburgh .	view	neutral
I had the gyro and it was good , but it could be better .	gyro	neutral
I found the food to be a little over priced .	food	neutral
The staff was great though - especially the bar tender .	staff	neutral
The staff was great though - especially the bar tender .	bar tender	neutral
I would suggest this as a place to get a cocktail , but not for dinner .	place	neutral
Love the Tom Kha soup .	Tom Kha soup	neutral
They 've been getting orders incorrect and whoever is making the soup needs to learn some knife skills or needs to be trained in proper size ratios for the human mouth .	soup	neutral
The same thing happened in the past 2 orders I got there too , but because I 've had a high percentage of good food there	food	neutral
I ordered the beef teriyaki bowl and the meat was so chewy	beef teriyaki bowl	neutral
I ordered the beef teriyaki bowl and the meat was so chewy	meat	neutral
I will say the egg roles were the best thing I ordered from them .	egg roles	neutral
The customer service was pretty sad	customer service	neutral
Plus they sent the wrong soup I would n't recommend	soup	neutral
Exceptional customer service , the waitress was very friendly and helpful .	customer service	neutral
Exceptional customer service , the waitress was very friendly and helpful .	waitress	neutral
Delicious food ! ! !	food	neutral
All of the ingredients used are natural and of quality .	ingredients	neutral
I had the Griddle Cakes , to die for !	Griddle Cakes	neutral
Especially when they have me handmade strawberry jam .	strawberry jam	neutral
I definitely suggest these if you love pancakes .	pancakes	neutral
I wish their floors would have been cleaner , but I can only imagine how hard it is to maintain them when they are extremely busy .	floors	neutral
If the place is more than half empty and reeks of rotten fish and there is no host waiting to seat you should n't tell people who are sitting down next to the bar to go back and talk to the host to get a waitress assigned , you should just go and assign yourself .	waitress	neutral
Mediocre sushi is not worth a bitchy attitude from the waitress .	sushi	neutral
Mediocre sushi is not worth a bitchy attitude from the waitress .	waitress	neutral
Horrible service .	service	neutral
The manager did n't know how to refund the order which made no sense .	manager	neutral
On top of the the food is disgusting !	food	neutral
Gorgeous atmosphere !	atmosphere	neutral
Beautiful dining room .	dining room	neutral
That is where the praise for this cafe ends .	cafe	neutral
The service was slow , we waited 15 minutes to order , while our server flirted with the middle aged man and the next table .	service	neutral
The service was slow , we waited 15 minutes to order , while our server flirted with the middle aged man and the next table .	server	neutral
Coffee was fine , but not worth $ 5 .	Coffee	neutral
Cold hard eggs with my benedict , cold hash browns .	eggs	neutral
Cold hard eggs with my benedict , cold hash browns .	benedict	neutral
Cold hard eggs with my benedict , cold hash browns .	hash	neutral
Also prepare yourself for overly salty , super thin bacon ... which you will pay $ 5 for .	bacon	neutral
At 4 slices that equals $ 1 . 25	slices	neutral
The server realizing that she had left us waiting for a long time , comped our drinks .	server	neutral
At $ 66 before tip for breakfast for 3 people , 2 of which were kids meals , we will not be back .	breakfast	neutral
Overall subpar food .	food	neutral
If you want to understand the meaning of eating unbelievably spicy foods in a horrendously hot environment to actually make your body feel cooler , than you should come here to eat .	foods	neutral
If you want to understand the meaning of eating unbelievably spicy foods in a horrendously hot environment to actually make your body feel cooler , than you should come here to eat .	environment	neutral
I do n't typically love spicy food , but I am definitely a fan of the cajun / jerk style of spicy .	cajun /	neutral
I do n't typically love spicy food , but I am definitely a fan of the cajun / jerk style of spicy .	jerk	neutral
The chicken was a tiny bit dry and the pasta was a tad overcooked , but nothing that would ruin a dish .	chicken	neutral
The chicken was a tiny bit dry and the pasta was a tad overcooked , but nothing that would ruin a dish .	pasta	neutral
I did n't hate the food , it was just too spicy for me .	food	neutral
" and I think the spider rolls .	spider rolls	neutral
Well I really liked the interior	interior	neutral
and so I assumed the service would be excellent .	service	neutral
There was one man who helped us the whole time but after a little while , it was like he forgot about us	man	neutral
Anyways , my first experience was like around 4 stars because the honey toast was amazingggg	honey toast	neutral
To begin with , my friend and her date ordered something from the main menu but three times ordering , the waitress tells them that whatever they ordered no longer existed on the menu .	waitress	neutral
Three different menu items ?	menu	neutral
so he ordered the pork tonkatsu	pork	neutral
For my date and I , we ordered the P. I. M. P , the Hulk , the Spider rolls , the Harujuku girls , and the Creamy Horse .	Spider rolls	neutral
For my date and I , we ordered the P. I. M. P , the Hulk , the Spider rolls , the Harujuku girls , and the Creamy Horse .	Harujuku girls	neutral
But then I forgot that I ordered the creamy horse and told them I did n't order it and at the same time , they accidentally made a second plate of the Harujuku girls rolls which made me more confused .	creamy horse	neutral
But then I forgot that I ordered the creamy horse and told them I did n't order it and at the same time , they accidentally made a second plate of the Harujuku girls rolls which made me more confused .	Harujuku girls rolls	neutral
Anyways , the waitress was irritated with us at this point	waitress	neutral
The waitress just kind of seemed like she wanted to avoid our table so once again , took a little while to get the check .	waitress	neutral
I mean the food is very good but service is inconsistent and some of employees just do n't seem to have the patience .	food	neutral
I mean the food is very good but service is inconsistent and some of employees just do n't seem to have the patience .	service	neutral
I will give this place another try	place	neutral
but maybe I 'll do the hibachi next time .	hibachi	neutral
Good value , good portions , friendly staff .	portions	neutral
Good value , good portions , friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Always have had consistency with their food taste presentation for the past three years	food	neutral
Great Pub .	Pub	neutral
Many great menu choices everything we had perfectly and delicious .	menu	neutral
Wonderful staff with a full bar and a free Pickle bar .	staff	neutral
Wonderful staff with a full bar and a free Pickle bar .	bar	neutral
Wonderful staff with a full bar and a free Pickle bar .	Pickle	neutral
We walked in and were greeted by a friendly staff as she was making the crepes .	staff	neutral
If you do n't want coffee , tea upgrades are $ 0 .	tea	neutral
50 and hot chocolate upgrades were $ 1 .	hot chocolate	neutral
The hot chocolate and coffee were served in a massive cup , though it was only half full , making it a regular size .	hot chocolate	neutral
The hot chocolate and coffee were served in a massive cup , though it was only half full , making it a regular size .	coffee	neutral
The crepes were created nice and thin , slightly crunchy on the edges .	crepes	neutral
The toppings slash fillings were delicious , though for the savoury crepe , it was a little empty of fillings , I had more crepe than filling .	toppings	neutral
The toppings slash fillings were delicious , though for the savoury crepe , it was a little empty of fillings , I had more crepe than filling .	savoury crepe	neutral
The sweet crepe was covered with nutella , though fresh strawberries were not used .	sweet crepe	neutral
I know that these crepes costed less than what they would charge usually and the crepe might have less filling , but I feel like this makes me not want to go back for the normal priced crepes if the ingredients were nt fresh and it was n't filled with enough ingredients .	crepes	neutral
I know that these crepes costed less than what they would charge usually and the crepe might have less filling , but I feel like this makes me not want to go back for the normal priced crepes if the ingredients were nt fresh and it was n't filled with enough ingredients .	crepe	neutral
I know that these crepes costed less than what they would charge usually and the crepe might have less filling , but I feel like this makes me not want to go back for the normal priced crepes if the ingredients were nt fresh and it was n't filled with enough ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
Thankfully Earl 's has a lovely patio ( not as pretty as the downtown location but far more convenient ) .	patio	neutral
The hostess let us pick our table and informed us a waitress would be over to see us shortly .	waitress	neutral
We chose a cozy grey marble top table in the back of the patio with cute little wicker back cushioned love seats in the uncovered part so we could bask in the sunshine .	wicker	neutral
After maybe a little too long of a wait a waitress finally approached us .	waitress	neutral
Earls Bigger Better Burger - Certified Angus beef patty , lettuce , tomato , onion , pickle , mayonnaise and mustard on a house baked bun	Burger	neutral
Earls Bigger Better Burger - Certified Angus beef patty , lettuce , tomato , onion , pickle , mayonnaise and mustard on a house baked bun	bun	neutral
I have to admit it was a very beautiful looking burger presented a wooden cutting board made it look far more appetizing .....	burger	neutral
A very refreshing and tasty salad indeed !	salad	neutral
Overall I have to say the burger was highly disappointing as was the service .	burger	neutral
Overall I have to say the burger was highly disappointing as was the service .	service	neutral
The patio was great to take in some sunshine however	patio	neutral
This place is delicious !	place	neutral
I only give if 4 stars because of the menu options .	menu	neutral
They have been taking longer to prepare food and then new owner has a terrible attitude .	owner	neutral
The sausage I had was the ones you buy precooked and can microwave ( I 'm fat , I know the difference ) and when I old her , she was shocked and quickly defended they do n't use microwaveable items when anger .	sausage	neutral
Hope the new owner learns how to talk to people a little better .	owner	neutral
Seriously delicious chicken ,	chicken	neutral
little potatoes and corn on the cob was so yummy ! !	potatoes	neutral
little potatoes and corn on the cob was so yummy ! !	corn on the cob	neutral
I the flame grilled flavor !	flame	neutral
Thank you Hortencia for the amazing chili relleno on the house !	chili relleno	neutral
The sauce was amazing now that is how a chile relleno 's made just like my grandma 's .	sauce	neutral
The sauce was amazing now that is how a chile relleno 's made just like my grandma 's .	chile relleno	neutral
LOVE the carne asada street tacos w HOMEMADE corn masa yum ! ! !	carne asada street tacos	neutral
LOVE the carne asada street tacos w HOMEMADE corn masa yum ! ! !	HOMEMADE corn masa	neutral
The cake is a little overpriced at 8 dollars per slice .	cake	neutral
It 's a large dense cake	cake	neutral
I had the pistachio cheese cake and it literally tasted like a normal cheesecake .	pistachio cheese cake	neutral
I could have had a similar quality cheesecake for a fraction of the price .	cheesecake	neutral
On the other hand the employees were all very nice	employees	neutral
Anyways cake 1/5 no redeeming qualities great service gives this an extra star	service	neutral
I ordered the breakfast wrap with home fries and my husband ordered omelette with home fries .	breakfast	neutral
Both mains were EXTREMELY BLAND SUPER BLAND , emphasizing on the extremely part .	mains	neutral
The home fries were okay , but nothing special that I would consider it a signature or anything .	home fries	neutral
Convenient and quick as its in a great location	location	neutral
but if I were to describe the food in one way it would be .... grey .	food	neutral
This is the best place to get texmex in town .	texmex	neutral
There are places to go that serve al pastor , this is where you go to get a brisket burrito .	al	neutral
The restaurant is very clean and the food is very good .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant is very clean and the food is very good .	food	neutral
I loved the fish taco but my favorite was the shrimp taco .	fish taco	neutral
I loved the fish taco but my favorite was the shrimp taco .	shrimp taco	neutral
the shrimp has a grilled flavor to it and the sauce is so good and creamy .	shrimp	neutral
the shrimp has a grilled flavor to it and the sauce is so good and creamy .	sauce	neutral
For fast Mexican food you ca n't beat it .	Mexican food	neutral
In my research , I discovered this place .	place	neutral
Jamaican and Mexican food are two of my top favorite types of food ... and to find a place that is a delicate balance of BOTH ?	Jamaican	neutral
Jamaican and Mexican food are two of my top favorite types of food ... and to find a place that is a delicate balance of BOTH ?	Mexican food	neutral
Jamaican and Mexican food are two of my top favorite types of food ... and to find a place that is a delicate balance of BOTH ?	place	neutral
The bottomless service was spot - on ... we never had an empty glass for more than 2 minutes ( if it even got empty , they would just come and refill too ) .	bottomless service	neutral
For food , I decided to order the jerk fried chicken & waffles & my friend got the DW breakfast sandwich .	jerk fried chicken & waffles	neutral
Everything from the jerk flavor to the texture of the waffles to the compliment of the syrup made me very happy .	jerk	neutral
Everything from the jerk flavor to the texture of the waffles to the compliment of the syrup made me very happy .	waffles	neutral
Everything from the jerk flavor to the texture of the waffles to the compliment of the syrup made me very happy .	syrup	neutral
My friend spoke highly of his sandwich , and I did try a bit of the potatoes that it came with and enjoyed .	sandwich	neutral
I wish there was a bottomless food option to go with the bottomless mimosas .	mimosas	neutral
There are just so many delicious looking entrees to try .	entrees	neutral
Next time , I hope to get the omelet that has jerk pork in it .	omelet	neutral
Food tasted like it came out of a can and just warm .	Food	neutral
Dinning room needs to be cleaned .	Dinning room	neutral
Plus side waiter and chips good .	waiter	neutral
Plus side waiter and chips good .	chips	neutral
This is a nice neighborhood type bar with a pretty limited menu .	bar	neutral
This is a nice neighborhood type bar with a pretty limited menu .	menu	neutral
The food is good , and the prices are reasonable .	food	neutral
This makes it a great place for a before or after game meal .	place	neutral
Service is pretty quick , and the waitresses do a good job .	Service	neutral
Service is pretty quick , and the waitresses do a good job .	waitresses	neutral
Most of what we ordered ( soup dumplings , hot and sour soup , and black pepper beef with fried noodles ) was like any other cheap and cheerful greasy Chinese food .	soup dumplings	neutral
Most of what we ordered ( soup dumplings , hot and sour soup , and black pepper beef with fried noodles ) was like any other cheap and cheerful greasy Chinese food .	hot and sour soup	neutral
Most of what we ordered ( soup dumplings , hot and sour soup , and black pepper beef with fried noodles ) was like any other cheap and cheerful greasy Chinese food .	black pepper beef with fried noodles	neutral
This is hands down the best Indian restaurant in Toronto right now .	Indian restaurant	neutral
The best tandoori chicken and kebabs ...	tandoori chicken	neutral
The best tandoori chicken and kebabs ...	kebabs	neutral
Amazing naan bread .	naan bread	neutral
The garlic naan is my favourite .	garlic naan	neutral
3 ) Insanely good butter chicken and saag paneer .	butter chicken	neutral
3 ) Insanely good butter chicken and saag paneer .	saag paneer	neutral
It 's a family run business and the owner is authentic and nice and he 's always here , which is a really good sign .	owner	neutral
You can tell he 's passionate about his restaurant and it shows in the service and the food .	restaurant	neutral
You can tell he 's passionate about his restaurant and it shows in the service and the food .	service	neutral
You can tell he 's passionate about his restaurant and it shows in the service and the food .	food	neutral
Also the washrooms are neat and clean ( something I find always missing at every Indian restaurant ) .	washrooms	neutral
Try this place , you wo n't regret it :)	place	neutral
Definitely come here for the coffee - the espresso is delicious .	coffee	neutral
Definitely come here for the coffee - the espresso is delicious .	espresso	neutral
The food however is lackluster .	food	neutral
But that coffee is great .	coffee	neutral
Excellent happy hour menu / drinks , great food , cool patio setting next to the bar and the private rooms downstairs are great for business meetings .	happy hour menu	neutral
Excellent happy hour menu / drinks , great food , cool patio setting next to the bar and the private rooms downstairs are great for business meetings .	drinks	neutral
Excellent happy hour menu / drinks , great food , cool patio setting next to the bar and the private rooms downstairs are great for business meetings .	food	neutral
Excellent happy hour menu / drinks , great food , cool patio setting next to the bar and the private rooms downstairs are great for business meetings .	patio setting	neutral
Excellent happy hour menu / drinks , great food , cool patio setting next to the bar and the private rooms downstairs are great for business meetings .	private rooms	neutral
This would be a 5 * , but the parking is n't very easy to deal with .	parking	neutral
This place is amazing , I love the taste of their hamburgers , they let you put your hamburger to your preference	place	neutral
This place is amazing , I love the taste of their hamburgers , they let you put your hamburger to your preference	hamburgers	neutral
It is very convenient and very practical , I will never stop coming to this place .	place	neutral
Nicky 's downtown location is amazing , great atmosphere and food ; so I thought this location would be the same .	atmosphere	neutral
Nicky 's downtown location is amazing , great atmosphere and food ; so I thought this location would be the same .	food	neutral
It was not the same food standard .	food	neutral
The place is absolutely beautiful	place	neutral
I love the ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
The service was okay kind of slow , but it was packed and busy on a Saturday night .	service	neutral
The menu is plentiful and diverse , full of delicious choices .	menu	neutral
I enjoyed the spring rolls .	spring rolls	neutral
My green curry with shrimp was not up to par .	green curry with shrimp	neutral
The shrimp was completely overcooked tough and rubbery .	shrimp	neutral
The curry was flavorful but seemed to be low on vegetables .	curry	neutral
I might give the place another try in a few months .	place	neutral
The Matahari is a good date spot - dark , cozy , quiet , trendy .... and not too expensive , so you can pick up the full bill and not regret it the next day .	The	neutral
The Matahari is a good date spot - dark , cozy , quiet , trendy .... and not too expensive , so you can pick up the full bill and not regret it the next day .	Matahari	neutral
The plates are so flavorful , and the curry 's so saucy that one dish-	plates	neutral
The plates are so flavorful , and the curry 's so saucy that one dish-	curry	neutral
The coconut rice is perfection - it is not sweetened so it is more mild than the Thai style and easier to eat with your entree without feeling like you 're dipping into dessert early .	coconut rice	neutral
I tried the mango and chicken stir - fry .	mango	neutral
Had it not been snowing that night , I 'm certain the mango - chicken combination could have transported me to a white sand beach kilometers away !	mango - chicken combination	neutral
The poor waiter was embarrassed .	waiter	neutral
The hostess was condescending and made us feel worse .	hostess	neutral
This was the worst managed restaurant I have ever been to !	restaurant	neutral
One of the best steaks I 've had in cleveland .	steaks	neutral
The risotto was mind - bendingly good .	risotto	neutral
Best subs in Montreal !	subs	neutral
The pizza is also excellent and more NY style than napolitani style pizza .	pizza	neutral
It 's not a pretentious place and the quality of the food is what keeps people coming back after all these years .	place	neutral
It 's not a pretentious place and the quality of the food is what keeps people coming back after all these years .	food	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
I am somewhat new to Mediterranean and Turkish food but this place is truly phenomenal and very reasonably priced I 've been there twice and have not been let down and plan on going again and bringing friends .	place	neutral
The staff is very friendly and very helpful with those of us that do n't know a lot about the cuisine and the hot Turkish tea that comes after the meal is a great way to end the experience .	staff	neutral
The staff is very friendly and very helpful with those of us that do n't know a lot about the cuisine and the hot Turkish tea that comes after the meal is a great way to end the experience .	hot Turkish tea	neutral
Love this place .	place	neutral
Wonderful service .	service	neutral
I LOVE the pizza much better than at Nervosa Trattoria in Yorkville .	pizza	neutral
They let you sample their beers and I found some that I love .	beers	neutral
The appetizers like the cheese board and charcuterie board are delicious too .	appetizers	neutral
The appetizers like the cheese board and charcuterie board are delicious too .	cheese board	neutral
The appetizers like the cheese board and charcuterie board are delicious too .	charcuterie board	neutral
My favourite is the Potato Pizza ( I thought I would hate it	Potato Pizza	neutral
I am very impressed with Hailed Coffee .	Coffee	neutral
I am surprised at finding such a nice coffee shop in this neighborhood .	coffee shop	neutral
This is my first time to try Turkish Coffee .	Turkish Coffee	neutral
This is my best coffee in my life .	coffee	neutral
The place is very clean and bright .	place	neutral
The service is nice and friendly .	service	neutral
This will be my favorite place .	place	neutral
Next time I will try Arabic coffee or drip cofee and some pastries .	drip cofee	neutral
Next time I will try Arabic coffee or drip cofee and some pastries .	pastries	neutral
Montagu sandwich was delish !	Montagu sandwich	neutral
The meat was moist and there was a perfectttt balance of ingredients .	meat	neutral
The meat was moist and there was a perfectttt balance of ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
All the ingredients , including the bread , tasted super fresh .	ingredients	neutral
All the ingredients , including the bread , tasted super fresh .	bread	neutral
The service was super quick and the price was definitely reasonable as well .	service	neutral
I brought my daughter here for her 17th birthday because she loves Japanese food .	Japanese food	neutral
Everything was delicious , the service was friendly , helpful and quick .	service	neutral
Amazing Indian food .	Indian food	neutral
Seating is kind of minimal .	Seating	neutral
A pleasant enough place to maybe end a foot tour of the downtown .	place	neutral
Sitting outside is great and the food was all very good .	food	neutral
Great place to grab a beer and a couple of appetizers- and the mini - baguettes are to die for !	mini - baguettes	neutral
Best Chilean Sea Bass	Chilean Sea Bass	neutral
Great dining room and excellent friendly service .	dining room	neutral
Great dining room and excellent friendly service .	service	neutral
We got a room on the 4th floor , and since the hallway was open to the public , we could hear the hustle and bustle - including music - from the 1st floor / lobby area even with the room closed ;	hallway	neutral
The bedsheets had tears in them .	bedsheets	neutral
The mall in Excalibur included a food court , which was great for a cheap and quick bite .	food court	neutral
Huge portions ! ! !	portions	neutral
A bit pricy but with the amount food	food	neutral
The good : Great cashier service , very friendly .	cashier service	neutral
Last row section nice to see ( bread , natural products ) .	bread	neutral
Fruits and vegetables section full of palettes with boxes of products (	Fruits	neutral
Shelves were empty , or stuff in the back , or products unaligned with prices .	Shelves	neutral
$ 28/lb of shrimp fajitas .	shrimp fajitas	neutral
extra tortillas .	tortillas	neutral
lots of grilled onions .	grilled onions	neutral
mild sauce .	sauce	neutral
Best panzerotti ... ever . period .	panzerotti	neutral
Huge portions .	portions	neutral
Load it up with you fav toppings & dipping sauce ( both extra $ ) .	toppings	neutral
Load it up with you fav toppings & dipping sauce ( both extra $ ) .	dipping sauce	neutral
Pizzas , salads , and pastas are also great .	Pizzas	neutral
Pizzas , salads , and pastas are also great .	salads	neutral
Pizzas , salads , and pastas are also great .	pastas	neutral
Service is efficient .. manages the lunch rush .	Service	neutral
This place is so cool .	place	neutral
Drinks are top notch .	Drinks	neutral
My fav is the Bloody Mary .	Bloody Mary	neutral
Food is over - the - top delicious !	Food	neutral
Breakfast is my favorite .	Breakfast	neutral
All of the dishes have been awesome so far .	dishes	neutral
The staff friendly .	staff	neutral
And the ambiance ca n't be beat !	ambiance	neutral
I ordered the prime rib , medium rare .	prime rib	neutral
I 've never seen a prime rib that had no pink showing .	prime rib	neutral
As soon as I cut into it the waitress asked if it was over cooked which I said yes .	waitress	neutral
Now , I 'm fine with a rib eye steak , but there is a big difference between a prime rib roast and a ribeye .	prime rib roast	neutral
Now , I 'm fine with a rib eye steak , but there is a big difference between a prime rib roast and a ribeye .	ribeye	neutral
The ribeye was fine .	ribeye	neutral
My wife 's lobster bisque was cold as well .	lobster bisque	neutral
I would have assumed the manager would have removed the steak .	manager	neutral
I paid $ 90 for a meal that was n't what I wanted .	meal	neutral
The Decor of the restaurant is also very bland .	Decor	neutral
For a pricier restaurant I would expect it to be nicer .	restaurant	neutral
Not a fan of this place	place	neutral
Best Mexican food in Charlotte !	Mexican food	neutral
Great food nice set up love this place .	food	neutral
Great food nice set up love this place .	set	neutral
Great food nice set up love this place .	place	neutral
Highly recommended for napolitano pizza !	napolitano pizza	neutral
The fries were good and the fish is okay .	fries	neutral
The fries were good and the fish is okay .	fish	neutral
The fish could have used a lot more batter on it .	fish	neutral
The coleslaw was okay .	coleslaw	neutral
The tartar sauce was good but it went fast .	tartar sauce	neutral
The food came out quickly and the owner was friendly enough .	owner	neutral
The portions were nice and big .	portions	neutral
This is a cute little shaved / snow ice place located in Chinatown , in the same plaza as Raku .	shaved /	neutral
The store seats like around 15 , so	store	neutral
With three other people we shared a large size of the mango special and added mochi and mangoes as toppings .	mango special	neutral
The mango special was mango infused shaved / snow ice , with pineapple chunks , and condensed milk ( the snowflake sauce ) .	mango	neutral
I liked it a lot , but four stars bc the special	special	neutral
Toppings were good though .	Toppings	neutral
Mangoes and pineapples were chopped up real small ( a good thing ) , and mochi was awesome ( soft , chewy , and " fresh .	Mangoes	neutral
Mangoes and pineapples were chopped up real small ( a good thing ) , and mochi was awesome ( soft , chewy , and " fresh .	mochi	neutral
some " old " mochi that 's been laying around will have hard / crusty outsides but this did n't ) .	mochi	neutral
Also I did n't like how they served the shaved ice .	shaved	neutral
Anything other than a small is too much for one person , but the bowls for large and the next size up make it awkward for sharing .	bowls	neutral
Also four stars because there was n't any of the traditional shaved ice specialty combos ( like all this in one combo - red beans , mochi , boba , taro , condensed milk ) .	shaved ice	neutral
Also four stars because there was n't any of the traditional shaved ice specialty combos ( like all this in one combo - red beans , mochi , boba , taro , condensed milk ) .	red beans	neutral
Also four stars because there was n't any of the traditional shaved ice specialty combos ( like all this in one combo - red beans , mochi , boba , taro , condensed milk ) .	mochi	neutral
Also four stars because there was n't any of the traditional shaved ice specialty combos ( like all this in one combo - red beans , mochi , boba , taro , condensed milk ) .	boba	neutral
But I was hoping for a throwback to the original shaved ice toppings too ( you could make your own but that would be pretty expensive ) .	shaved ice toppings	neutral
Service was friendly and place was clean .	Service	neutral
Service was friendly and place was clean .	place	neutral
In spite of my criticisms , this place was definitely awesome	place	neutral
Good standard AYCE sushi buffet .	AYCE	neutral
Good standard AYCE sushi buffet .	sushi buffet	neutral
The service was good , a little pushy and rushed but at least they 're on point .	service	neutral
The servers are so busy and rushing that they sound super robotic and monotonous .	servers	neutral
The place is small and popular so be prepared for a wait during peak hours .	place	neutral
Sauce is everything .	Sauce	neutral
Tender meaty ribs .	meaty	neutral
Tender meaty ribs .	ribs	neutral
Sweet ice tea .	ice tea	neutral
Not feeling the seasoning the green beans were cook with .	green beans	neutral
Really liked eating on the patio	patio	neutral
Delicious fresh pasta dish , good service , and a casual atmosphere in the heart of Charlotte .	pasta dish	neutral
Delicious fresh pasta dish , good service , and a casual atmosphere in the heart of Charlotte .	service	neutral
Delicious fresh pasta dish , good service , and a casual atmosphere in the heart of Charlotte .	atmosphere	neutral
I hope to go back to try more dishes on my next trip !	dishes	neutral
I have always enjoyed Aloha Kitchen at every location .	Aloha Kitchen	neutral
I always get either the Ramen or Kalbi Ribs .	Ramen	neutral
I was tempted to get the Oxtail Soup but decided to stick with the Kalbi Ribs and my friend got the Teriyaki Chicken and a couple of Spam Musubi .	Kalbi Ribs	neutral
I was tempted to get the Oxtail Soup but decided to stick with the Kalbi Ribs and my friend got the Teriyaki Chicken and a couple of Spam Musubi .	Teriyaki Chicken	neutral
The kimchi was a lil softer than expected but overall food was good	kimchi	neutral
The kimchi was a lil softer than expected but overall food was good	food	neutral
Visit this cocktail bar , stat !	cocktail bar	neutral
They have some amazing drinks .	drinks	neutral
Ranging from the basic old fashioned , to fancy apple pie drinks and other creative concoctions that you do n't know whether to drink or eat .	apple pie drinks	neutral
But do n't let the fruity ingredients fool you ; they 're plenty strong !	fruity	neutral
But do n't let the fruity ingredients fool you ; they 're plenty strong !	ingredients	neutral
My previously hairless chest is now so hairy , like Zangief .	chest	neutral
The location is the best part .	location	neutral
What a great spot .	spot	neutral
sushi fever has been a long time favorite of mine ...	sushi	neutral
every time i go back the sushi chefs seem to remember me like no time has lapsed .	sushi chefs	neutral
my personal favorite is the Dale Earnhardt roll ...	Dale Earnhardt roll	neutral
the portions are nice and large and the price is fair .	portions	neutral
i also am fond of the cucumber salad and edamame that comes with the food .	cucumber salad	neutral
i also am fond of the cucumber salad and edamame that comes with the food .	edamame	neutral
this restaurant is something i highly recommend to anyone living in las vegas or even just visiting .	restaurant	neutral
Great place for a down home , tasty breakfast .	place	neutral
Great place for a down home , tasty breakfast .	breakfast	neutral
Extremely friendly staff and the house was packed on this Sunday morning	staff	neutral
so we sat at the counter and watched the action in the kitchen .	kitchen	neutral
I had the croissant French toast and it was fabulous !	croissant French toast	neutral
I made an account on Yelp just to talk about my horrible experience at this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
and I knew I could n't choke down the poor excuse of a crepe .	crepe	neutral
When I called the waiter over to complain , he said " well , to late now ! " .	waiter	neutral
100 % would not recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The atmosphere was nice .	atmosphere	neutral
Got the Squeeler burger , it was good	Squeeler burger	neutral
The fries were terrible , cold and limp .	fries	neutral
but I would think the money is made from drinks	drinks	neutral
This is the kind of brunch place to come to .	place	neutral
The smell of fresh bread , friendly staff , and awesome menu .	bread	neutral
The smell of fresh bread , friendly staff , and awesome menu .	staff	neutral
The smell of fresh bread , friendly staff , and awesome menu .	menu	neutral
savory sausage paired with cubes of sweet potato , yummmmm .	sausage	neutral
savory sausage paired with cubes of sweet potato , yummmmm .	sweet potato	neutral
And the egg cook knows what s / he is doing cause	egg cook	neutral
my over medium eggs were just that ( really really rare ) !	over medium	neutral
my over medium eggs were just that ( really really rare ) !	eggs	neutral
Came with two slices of bread that blew my mind .	bread	neutral
That salsa verde was out of this world !	salsa verde	neutral
: the ham was nice and salty , the cheese gooey and melted , the hollandaise ....	ham	neutral
: the ham was nice and salty , the cheese gooey and melted , the hollandaise ....	hollandaise	neutral
omg the hollandaise sauce ...	hollandaise sauce	neutral
- service at the counter was friendly and helpful .	service	neutral
- service at the counter was friendly and helpful .	counter	neutral
there is n't waiter service but this cute brunch place did n't need it .	brunch	neutral
But here I sampled one of the best Black Sesame flavour I ever tried !	Black Sesame	neutral
Durian Gelato has such good flavours !	Durian Gelato	neutral
Convenience and the fact that Sam 's Club carries a little bit more different products .	Sam	neutral
As the cart was virtually starting to overflow	cart	neutral
The building size is virtually the same along with the set up of aisles classified by category .	aisles	neutral
Membership is about the same price .	Membership	neutral
In closing , I prefer Costco .	Costco	neutral
Do nt get me wrong , this place is ok with me .	place	neutral
Cute little shop we came across one rainy afternoon .	shop	neutral
We love Vogue Bistro .	Vogue Bistro	neutral
The service is always good , and the food is delicious .	service	neutral
The service is always good , and the food is delicious .	food	neutral
They have the best burger in town , or you ca n't go wrong with any of their other menu items .	burger	neutral
They have the best burger in town , or you ca n't go wrong with any of their other menu items .	menu	neutral
The ambiance is a little upscale , but still comfortable for everyone .	ambiance	neutral
The food and service was exceptional .	food	neutral
The food and service was exceptional .	service	neutral
A really cute and cozy place that 's a refreshing change from the other loud and noisy dessert	place	neutral
A really cute and cozy place that 's a refreshing change from the other loud and noisy dessert	dessert	neutral
Cake was nice , but it did n't really have a coffee flavour to it .	Cake	neutral
The green tea ice cream was delicious though .	green tea ice cream	neutral
I also tried my friends ' brownie cheesecake and green tea waffles , which were both delightful .	brownie cheesecake	neutral
I also tried my friends ' brownie cheesecake and green tea waffles , which were both delightful .	green tea waffles	neutral
This is hands down the best restaurant in Brooklin ! !	restaurant	neutral
Ambiance 10 + , Service 10 + , and Food 11 +	Ambiance	neutral
Ambiance 10 + , Service 10 + , and Food 11 +	Service	neutral
Ambiance 10 + , Service 10 + , and Food 11 +	Food	neutral
From apps to entrees this place has nailed its quality down , the micro brews on tap are sure to please too !	apps	neutral
From apps to entrees this place has nailed its quality down , the micro brews on tap are sure to please too !	entrees	neutral
From apps to entrees this place has nailed its quality down , the micro brews on tap are sure to please too !	micro brews	neutral
The salads are incredible , I have to say I have never had a better one anywhere ... and these are n't your cheap " chef salad " or " Caesar	salads	neutral
The salads are incredible , I have to say I have never had a better one anywhere ... and these are n't your cheap " chef salad " or " Caesar	chef salad	neutral
Wine selection is priced well , could do with a few more " mid " priced selections but the owners are super friendly and aim to please , so no doubt they will up the selection soon .	Wine selection	neutral
Wine selection is priced well , could do with a few more " mid " priced selections but the owners are super friendly and aim to please , so no doubt they will up the selection soon .	selections	neutral
Amazon and food and service !	food	neutral
Amazon and food and service !	service	neutral
Nick was a fantastic server !	Nick	neutral
Nick was a fantastic server !	server	neutral
Order the braised octopus tacos !	braised octopus tacos	neutral
I love love love pizza and that 's what I wanted for supper .	pizza	neutral
# 28 Peperonato pizza .	Peperonato pizza	neutral
My pizza was delicious !	pizza	neutral
The dough was tasty .	dough	neutral
Dennis was my server .	Dennis	neutral
I marveled at how knowledgeable your waiters were ; how hard it was to get a table at your cozy little place ; and your paste ...	waiters	neutral
I marveled at how knowledgeable your waiters were ; how hard it was to get a table at your cozy little place ; and your paste ...	place	neutral
I was in love with your food !	food	neutral
You can imagine my surprise at my first visit to your sister resto here in Las Vegas -- yes , the waiter 's memorization of the entire menu plus specials was impressive ...	waiter	neutral
You can imagine my surprise at my first visit to your sister resto here in Las Vegas -- yes , the waiter 's memorization of the entire menu plus specials was impressive ...	menu	neutral
You can imagine my surprise at my first visit to your sister resto here in Las Vegas -- yes , the waiter 's memorization of the entire menu plus specials was impressive ...	specials	neutral
but the splendor stopped until we got to the desserts and lemoncello .	desserts	neutral
but the splendor stopped until we got to the desserts and lemoncello .	lemoncello	neutral
The trio of house - favorite pastes that our table ordered to share came out like mush ... and did n't go down well either .	pastes	neutral
The pesto sauce coating the gnocchi was flavorless ( albeit extremely green ) , and the red sauce for the other paste course was also bland .	pesto sauce	neutral
The pesto sauce coating the gnocchi was flavorless ( albeit extremely green ) , and the red sauce for the other paste course was also bland .	gnocchi	neutral
The pesto sauce coating the gnocchi was flavorless ( albeit extremely green ) , and the red sauce for the other paste course was also bland .	red sauce	neutral
The pesto sauce coating the gnocchi was flavorless ( albeit extremely green ) , and the red sauce for the other paste course was also bland .	paste course	neutral
Well , the salted branzino will be the star of the show , I thought to myself ....	salted branzino	neutral
The fish was entirely too dry .... so that I was wishing I was n't so quick to reject the scorned paste .	fish	neutral
Yes , I'l Mulino Las Vegas , your dessert ( especially the tiramisu ) is spectacular , as are your servers ...	dessert	neutral
Yes , I'l Mulino Las Vegas , your dessert ( especially the tiramisu ) is spectacular , as are your servers ...	tiramisu	neutral
Yes , I'l Mulino Las Vegas , your dessert ( especially the tiramisu ) is spectacular , as are your servers ...	servers	neutral
Cuisine de bistro fran巽aise classique mais r辿invent辿e .	Cuisine	neutral
Un de mes restos favoris a montr辿al et je suis exigeant !	restos	neutral
Belles grandes terrasses ajoutent a la qualit辿 de la bouffe et du service impecable !	service	neutral
La rapidit辿 du service peut souffrir un	service	neutral
Small portions .	portions	neutral
Limited menu .	menu	neutral
$ 4 for a kids orange juice .	orange juice	neutral
Staff was n't very friendly .	Staff	neutral
I have no idea how this place is so highly rated except for nostalgia factor , perhaps ?	place	neutral
Lack of knowledge of authentic Mexican from any region ...	Mexican	neutral
Heck , Taco Bell is more authentic and imaginative .	Taco Bell	neutral
* for food IMHO , but since I only go here with one colleague who is a frequent flyer = the service we receive is impeccable .	service	neutral
Alas , impeccable service with completely bland food does not make it much better .	service	neutral
Alas , impeccable service with completely bland food does not make it much better .	food	neutral
They make guacamole tasteless .	guacamole	neutral
The beans are a salty mushy baby food consistency .	beans	neutral
Even the Iceberg lettuce seems to be wilted from embarrassment ...	lettuce	neutral
* food , the servers are soooo nice !	food	neutral
* food , the servers are soooo nice !	servers	neutral
But my frientor is a fixture here .	frientor	neutral
Fantastic buffet , definitely one of my favorites around , rivaling Aria 's or Bellagio's ... all food is cooked well , depending when you get to it determines whether you 're getting the fresh batch or not .	buffet	neutral
Fried chicken especially stood out to me ( no , not just because of that reason ! ) .	Fried chicken	neutral
This was the fastest bowl ever .	bowl	neutral
Large space and great for families .	space	neutral
Noodles were cooked perfectly ( penne rosa ) .	Noodles	neutral
The suave was n't too spicy like it usually is which is great for me .	suave	neutral
The food is good .	food	neutral
This place is huge and not one clean table .	place	neutral
This place is huge and not one clean table .	table	neutral
This place needs a serious cleaning	place	neutral
The food is amazing , the price is okay and the service is good .	food	neutral
The food is amazing , the price is okay and the service is good .	service	neutral
This is a new place in a relatively newly built plaza .	place	neutral
This is a new place in a relatively newly built plaza .	plaza	neutral
The place was n't difficult to find , yet being a new place , they strangely did not have their restaurant sign light turned on at night .	place	neutral
The place is relatively spacey and clean , but the atmosphere was n't to my liking , kind of felt like I was in a kitchen .	place	neutral
The place is relatively spacey and clean , but the atmosphere was n't to my liking , kind of felt like I was in a kitchen .	atmosphere	neutral
I actually forgot to write down the size , yet the server did n't clear it up with me what size I actually wanted .	server	neutral
I am not picky , but I notice details such as how the server ( the manager actually ) gave me the pho before giving the beansprouts / lemon / spice dish .	server	neutral
I am not picky , but I notice details such as how the server ( the manager actually ) gave me the pho before giving the beansprouts / lemon / spice dish .	manager	neutral
Not too big of a deal , but what was a big deal was the soup was not hot , more like warm at best .	soup	neutral
The meat portions were not note - worthy for a new place where you expect to be " enticed " to come back for more .	meat portions	neutral
My friend ordered vermicelli with bbq pork and spring rolls , the pork was great , but the spring rolls were mediocre .	spring rolls	neutral
My friend ordered vermicelli with bbq pork and spring rolls , the pork was great , but the spring rolls were mediocre .	spring rolls	neutral
The vermicelli was also really really cold according to my friend .	vermicelli	neutral
All in all , an ok place , but some aspects of a restaurant are considerably lacking , especially considering that its a new restaurant .	place	neutral
All in all , an ok place , but some aspects of a restaurant are considerably lacking , especially considering that its a new restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
All in all , an ok place , but some aspects of a restaurant are considerably lacking , especially considering that its a new restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Nice place for locals if they just want to relax , have a good glass of wine and listen to some music .	place	neutral
Nice place for locals if they just want to relax , have a good glass of wine and listen to some music .	glass of wine	neutral
Visited tonight to try their fish fry .	fish	neutral
The server was nice and efficient and the atmosphere was good .	server	neutral
The server was nice and efficient and the atmosphere was good .	atmosphere	neutral
Music was not too loud and there were alot of different things to watch on the tvs .	Music	neutral
Definitely our new spot for Friday night fish fry .	fish	neutral
Apps were great too !	Apps	neutral
Potato skins were fresh and cooked perfectly .	Potato skins	neutral
Great place .	place	neutral
I love the orange chicken , and the spicy chicken .	orange chicken	neutral
I love the orange chicken , and the spicy chicken .	spicy chicken	neutral
Aside from the food and drinks being creative and good ( there is a whole menu of boiler makers ) , the large bowling alley , there are also several areas with pool tables , shuffle board , and old school video games .	food	neutral
Aside from the food and drinks being creative and good ( there is a whole menu of boiler makers ) , the large bowling alley , there are also several areas with pool tables , shuffle board , and old school video games .	drinks	neutral
Aside from the food and drinks being creative and good ( there is a whole menu of boiler makers ) , the large bowling alley , there are also several areas with pool tables , shuffle board , and old school video games .	bowling alley	neutral
Aside from the food and drinks being creative and good ( there is a whole menu of boiler makers ) , the large bowling alley , there are also several areas with pool tables , shuffle board , and old school video games .	pool tables	neutral
The clientale is decent too .	clientale	neutral
I can see us planning a group outing with several couples and/or kids to take advantage of this great new venue right in our backyard !	venue	neutral
Too many superlatives about Joe Beef , but I ca n't necessarily second them .	Joe Beef	neutral
The ambiance is great , the vibe is noisy and relaxed , the packed restaurant certainly has a charm .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance is great , the vibe is noisy and relaxed , the packed restaurant certainly has a charm .	vibe	neutral
The ambiance is great , the vibe is noisy and relaxed , the packed restaurant certainly has a charm .	restaurant	neutral
Trying to figure out the menu on the black board and follow the detailed explanations of our hostess was a little challenging when you are trying to pick a dish , but definitely part of the fun .	hostess	neutral
I absolutely enjoyed the BC oysters and the clams in lobster broth that came with a slice of the delicious garlic bread .	BC oysters	neutral
I absolutely enjoyed the BC oysters and the clams in lobster broth that came with a slice of the delicious garlic bread .	clams in lobster broth	neutral
I absolutely enjoyed the BC oysters and the clams in lobster broth that came with a slice of the delicious garlic bread .	garlic bread	neutral
The Bloody Caesar is to die for , may be one of the best in Montreal .	Bloody Caesar	neutral
The escargot de Bourgogne were great , but not exceptional .	escargot de Bourgogne	neutral
The salad with endives and pear was ginormous and obviously delicious , vegetarians , you are safe in this meaty heaven .	salad with endives and pear	neutral
The salad with endives and pear was ginormous and obviously delicious , vegetarians , you are safe in this meaty heaven .	meaty	neutral
The rest of our party were happy with their mains : the famous spaghetti lobster and cold roast beef .	spaghetti lobster	neutral
The rest of our party were happy with their mains : the famous spaghetti lobster and cold roast beef .	cold roast beef	neutral
I guess the sweet highlight for majority of our crowd was the ice cream with pear , hot chocolate poured generously over it .	ice	neutral
The hazelnut cake is classical and masterfully prepared .	hazelnut cake	neutral
My dessert was disappointment and I would not write about it .	dessert	neutral
What I failed to enjoy was our little check drama .	check drama	neutral
The service in the restaurant is great , friendly and smiling .	service	neutral
Our hostess was knowledgeable , her dish descriptions were a little bit pretentious , but we found it charming and really part of the overall experience .	hostess	neutral
Our hostess was knowledgeable , her dish descriptions were a little bit pretentious , but we found it charming and really part of the overall experience .	dish descriptions	neutral
The result is half a star less for the restaurant and standard tip .	restaurant	neutral
My final rating for Joe Beef is 3 . 5 stars .	Joe Beef	neutral
Would I come back , definitely yes , there is so much more to explore from the menu !	menu	neutral
I 'm very displeased with this service today .	service	neutral
I ordered the Mcallister 's club and my sandwich bread was hard as hell and the wax paper was still in my sandwich .	Mcallister 's club	neutral
I ordered the Mcallister 's club and my sandwich bread was hard as hell and the wax paper was still in my sandwich .	sandwich bread	neutral
There cowboy burger is the best onion ring/ bacon burger you will ever taste ! !	cowboy burger	neutral
There cowboy burger is the best onion ring/ bacon burger you will ever taste ! !	onion ring/ bacon burger	neutral
It 's a very unique place and good smoothies !	place	neutral
It 's a very unique place and good smoothies !	smoothies	neutral
The bar is nice and it has a nice patio which was busy but not overly crowded for a Saturday night .	bar	neutral
The bar is nice and it has a nice patio which was busy but not overly crowded for a Saturday night .	patio	neutral
The bar tender was right there ready to take my order .	bar tender	neutral
Ok , they could update the wine list a bit .	wine	neutral
I know AZ has some fine local wines and , in my opinion , those should be on the menu as well as a few nice California wines .	wines	neutral
Maybe I am just jaded because I am used to some of the finest California wines .	California wines	neutral
I just thought the list was lacking .	list	neutral
I had the miso sake marinated sea bass .	miso sake marinated sea bass	neutral
It was server with fried rice and veggies and both were good , the veggies nice and crisp .	fried rice	neutral
It was server with fried rice and veggies and both were good , the veggies nice and crisp .	veggies	neutral
It was server with fried rice and veggies and both were good , the veggies nice and crisp .	veggies	neutral
so I enjoyed my sea bass and getting to relax watching a baseball game .	sea bass	neutral
The bartender was attentive and asked several times if I needed anything .	bartender	neutral
I had a nice adult beverage in an adult setting which is something I had not done in at least 7 years .	beverage	neutral
I had a nice adult beverage in an adult setting which is something I had not done in at least 7 years .	setting	neutral
They have lots of selections and seasonal ales also ! !	seasonal ales	neutral
Great ambiance ! !	ambiance	neutral
Came to Vegas and did n't want a basic buffet	buffet	neutral
so I found this place	place	neutral
I got the four cheese ravioli with pesto Alfredo and I added shrimp .	four cheese ravioli with	neutral
My husband and I went here for their all you can eat pasta special .	all you can eat pasta	neutral
Even though I loved the fact that they did n't slice and dice up the portebello mushroom , the sauce tasted like it was burnt .	portebello mushroom	neutral
Even though I loved the fact that they did n't slice and dice up the portebello mushroom , the sauce tasted like it was burnt .	sauce	neutral
I took a few bites of it and after I tried to doctor it up with some parmesan cheese and salt , I could still taste the burnt sauce .	sauce	neutral
The other bad point about the whole meal was the plates / bowls were so hot , you could n't touch them and the meal came out like lava hot .	plates	neutral
The other bad point about the whole meal was the plates / bowls were so hot , you could n't touch them and the meal came out like lava hot .	bowls	neutral
Even though the hostess was a bit flighty , we did not have to wait long to be seated .	hostess	neutral
I ordered the Creamy Parmesan Florentine one penne and it had the right amount of spinach in it and the sauce had the right amount of alfredo and parmesan in it that none of the ingredients overpowered each other .	Creamy	neutral
I ordered the Creamy Parmesan Florentine one penne and it had the right amount of spinach in it and the sauce had the right amount of alfredo and parmesan in it that none of the ingredients overpowered each other .	Parmesan Florentine one penne	neutral
I ordered the Creamy Parmesan Florentine one penne and it had the right amount of spinach in it and the sauce had the right amount of alfredo and parmesan in it that none of the ingredients overpowered each other .	sauce	neutral
My husband ordered the five cheese marinara on fettuccine and he was quite pleased with it .	five cheese marinara on fettuccine	neutral
The breadsticks and salad were very good this time around .	breadsticks	neutral
The breadsticks and salad were very good this time around .	salad	neutral
Normally we usually get jipped on the salad dressing and croutons but this time it was fully loaded .	salad dressing	neutral
Normally I tend to stay away from the sparkling wines , but this one was great !	sparkling wines	neutral
The wine was Moscato and it tasted like a sweater Asti ( but not too sweat ) .	wine	neutral
Each different types of sauce , this wine went quite well with .	sauce	neutral
Each different types of sauce , this wine went quite well with .	wine	neutral
I usually do n't order any kind of dessert with whipped cream on it	dessert	neutral
It was so rich and creamy and the decoration of caramel drizzle complimented the spice in the pumpkin flavor nicely .	decoration of caramel drizzle	neutral
The crust was a graham cracker crust , lightly sweetened and they sprinkled more graham cracker bits on the caramel .	crust	neutral
I give this restaurant 3 stars because I was n't completely impressed with our waitress .	waitress	neutral
Also , because of the temperature of the plates and the fact that my meal tasted burnt the 2nd time around .	plates	neutral
Also , because of the temperature of the plates and the fact that my meal tasted burnt the 2nd time around .	meal	neutral
I do n't know what it is about NC Olive Gardens , I was never disappointed with the ones in Florida .	Olive	neutral
We ordered the truffle fries and the chicken nachos .	chicken	neutral
The fries were a little salty but good	fries	neutral
The service was friendly and good .	service	neutral
The BEST part of the restaurant was the in house DJ .	in house DJ	neutral
Mikayla Eric and alma are amazing .	Mikayla Eric	neutral
Mikayla Eric and alma are amazing .	alma	neutral
The service , food and service is amazing .	service	neutral
The service , food and service is amazing .	food	neutral
The service , food and service is amazing .	service	neutral
Margaritas on point .	Margaritas	neutral
This place was pretty good .	place	neutral
I got the flautas .	flautas	neutral
Their queso is n't the " normal " but it is still tasty .	queso	neutral
My hubby got the bangin chicken burrito and said it was great !	bangin chicken burrito	neutral
This place is absolutely superb .	place	neutral
The service is excellent , the servers and cashiers are awesome and very attentive .	service	neutral
The service is excellent , the servers and cashiers are awesome and very attentive .	servers	neutral
The service is excellent , the servers and cashiers are awesome and very attentive .	cashiers	neutral
The food is delicious , just as great of not better than the ones in California .	food	neutral
Food was picked up , we did n't open bowls and made mistake of not checking receipt because how could you go wrong ordering Teriyaki Beef .	Teriyaki	neutral
Called the store to complain and after 20 minutes of someone trying to find my order after I gave them my ticket , server Maria gets in the phone with an appalling attitude aging that that is what was ordered and further verified at the time of pick up .	server	neutral
Called the store to complain and after 20 minutes of someone trying to find my order after I gave them my ticket , server Maria gets in the phone with an appalling attitude aging that that is what was ordered and further verified at the time of pick up .	Maria	neutral
This was the first and last time I ever visit Teriyaki Madness .	Teriyaki	neutral
Thank you server Maria .	server	neutral
Thank you server Maria .	Maria	neutral
The fresh fries where different .	fresh fries	neutral
The burger did not taste the same .	burger	neutral
TVs open concept .	TVs	neutral
Fat Freddy 's is the only caterer you should ever use .	Fat Freddy 's	neutral
( uhm ... the mini beef wellington is a little bite of heaven .... but then the lobster in phyllo may be my fave , but no , the sundried tomato on a crostini even maybe beat out the lobster .... ) , the the main course - we had salads , mashed potatoes , green beans , prime rib - which included a beautiful mushroom sauce AND horseradish sauce , chicken marsala ( omg ) , popovers , and they made a dish for my vegetarians too ... to the last bit of dessert ( highly recommend the dessert sampler ..	mini beef wellington	neutral
( uhm ... the mini beef wellington is a little bite of heaven .... but then the lobster in phyllo may be my fave , but no , the sundried tomato on a crostini even maybe beat out the lobster .... ) , the the main course - we had salads , mashed potatoes , green beans , prime rib - which included a beautiful mushroom sauce AND horseradish sauce , chicken marsala ( omg ) , popovers , and they made a dish for my vegetarians too ... to the last bit of dessert ( highly recommend the dessert sampler ..	lobster in	neutral
( uhm ... the mini beef wellington is a little bite of heaven .... but then the lobster in phyllo may be my fave , but no , the sundried tomato on a crostini even maybe beat out the lobster .... ) , the the main course - we had salads , mashed potatoes , green beans , prime rib - which included a beautiful mushroom sauce AND horseradish sauce , chicken marsala ( omg ) , popovers , and they made a dish for my vegetarians too ... to the last bit of dessert ( highly recommend the dessert sampler ..	sundried tomato on a crostini	neutral
( uhm ... the mini beef wellington is a little bite of heaven .... but then the lobster in phyllo may be my fave , but no , the sundried tomato on a crostini even maybe beat out the lobster .... ) , the the main course - we had salads , mashed potatoes , green beans , prime rib - which included a beautiful mushroom sauce AND horseradish sauce , chicken marsala ( omg ) , popovers , and they made a dish for my vegetarians too ... to the last bit of dessert ( highly recommend the dessert sampler ..	salads	neutral
( uhm ... the mini beef wellington is a little bite of heaven .... but then the lobster in phyllo may be my fave , but no , the sundried tomato on a crostini even maybe beat out the lobster .... ) , the the main course - we had salads , mashed potatoes , green beans , prime rib - which included a beautiful mushroom sauce AND horseradish sauce , chicken marsala ( omg ) , popovers , and they made a dish for my vegetarians too ... to the last bit of dessert ( highly recommend the dessert sampler ..	mushroom sauce	neutral
( uhm ... the mini beef wellington is a little bite of heaven .... but then the lobster in phyllo may be my fave , but no , the sundried tomato on a crostini even maybe beat out the lobster .... ) , the the main course - we had salads , mashed potatoes , green beans , prime rib - which included a beautiful mushroom sauce AND horseradish sauce , chicken marsala ( omg ) , popovers , and they made a dish for my vegetarians too ... to the last bit of dessert ( highly recommend the dessert sampler ..	chicken marsala	neutral
( uhm ... the mini beef wellington is a little bite of heaven .... but then the lobster in phyllo may be my fave , but no , the sundried tomato on a crostini even maybe beat out the lobster .... ) , the the main course - we had salads , mashed potatoes , green beans , prime rib - which included a beautiful mushroom sauce AND horseradish sauce , chicken marsala ( omg ) , popovers , and they made a dish for my vegetarians too ... to the last bit of dessert ( highly recommend the dessert sampler ..	dessert sampler	neutral
mini bites of awesome and	mini bites	neutral
Kandyce was always responsive and helpful .... and patient !	Kandyce	neutral
I 'm telling you , if you need a caterer for any event you ca n't go wrong with Fat Freddy 's .	Fat Freddy	neutral
My guests are pretty picky when it comes to food ..	food	neutral
Thanks Fat Freddy 's !	Fat Freddy 's	neutral
Reasonable prices and HUGE portions .	portions	neutral
Menu had something for everyone , even vegans , but was n't overwhelming .	Menu	neutral
Not the most convenient location , but your hangover will thank you .	location	neutral
Plus they have bottomless mimosas ..	mimosas	neutral
but the staff was nice and added a little sweetener to it .	staff	neutral
Boba is cooked perfectly & it was sweet :)	Boba	neutral
Had their buffet and it was great !	buffet	neutral
I love Indian food , but ca n't handle the spiciness of it ... and did n't think the buffet was too spicy .	buffet	neutral
I 'll definitely be trying this place out again soon !	place	neutral
We four shared the pad thai , fried rice , duck curry , fried ribs , and the larb .	pad thai	neutral
We four shared the pad thai , fried rice , duck curry , fried ribs , and the larb .	fried rice	neutral
We four shared the pad thai , fried rice , duck curry , fried ribs , and the larb .	duck curry	neutral
We four shared the pad thai , fried rice , duck curry , fried ribs , and the larb .	fried ribs	neutral
We four shared the pad thai , fried rice , duck curry , fried ribs , and the larb .	larb	neutral
If you 've never tried larb , try it .	larb	neutral
Oh , and the ice coffee .	ice coffee	neutral
Order the ice coffee .	ice coffee	neutral
Heaven in a glass .	glass	neutral
Anyway , when I 'm eating meat , I like it to be of the best quality .	meat	neutral
Tom 's really did n't do it for me .	Tom	neutral
The potatoes were either shipped in frozen or were made from a dehydrated mix .	potatoes	neutral
The Rib Tips were overcooked and dry ( possibly old ) .	Rib Tips	neutral
The fries and the pulled pork sandwich were the highlights -- and the only things I 'd order off the menu , if I ever went back .	fries	neutral
The fries and the pulled pork sandwich were the highlights -- and the only things I 'd order off the menu , if I ever went back .	pulled pork sandwich	neutral
The service at Tom 's was good enough for a fast food place .	service	neutral
The service at Tom 's was good enough for a fast food place .	Tom	neutral
Very fresh and delicious subs !	subs	neutral
subs , you get 1 free .	subs	neutral
Great place to stop and get some very Flavorful mexican take out .	place	neutral
Great place to stop and get some very Flavorful mexican take out .	mexican take out	neutral
I got the california burrito .	california burrito	neutral
I highly recommend stopping by and checking this place out .	place	neutral
OMG , this is the cutest place in Carefree !	place	neutral
The wait staff were wonderful and we all got to pick out our " fancy hats " before tea was served .	wait staff	neutral
Do n't be fooled by fancy decor .	decor	neutral
Not all of our servers are here yet so we have to wait for o e of those tables to clear up before seating u " .	servers	neutral
I 'm sure that web if there was only one server working he could surely Han a 3rd table of just 2 people .	server	neutral
I will never step foot in this establishment again .	establishment	neutral
Maybe the foo is good .	foo	neutral
But I don tolerate that kind of service .	service	neutral
I had their basic chili dog , and it really was a good hot dog .	chili dog	neutral
The chili had a very good flavor and the bun was very fresh .	chili	neutral
The chili had a very good flavor and the bun was very fresh .	bun	neutral
I will have to go again to try their gourmet dogs and sausages .	dogs	neutral
I will have to go again to try their gourmet dogs and sausages .	sausages	neutral
I went back today with friends , and I have to report that their sausages are excellent .	sausages	neutral
I also figured out that their chili tastes like the chili at Tommy 's in SoCal which is a very good thing .	chili	neutral
Their poutine was excellent , but one word caution is a must , do not order the house special unless you are really hungry or will be sharing it as it is huge and it comes with a gigantic amount of fries .	poutine	neutral
Their poutine was excellent , but one word caution is a must , do not order the house special unless you are really hungry or will be sharing it as it is huge and it comes with a gigantic amount of fries .	house special	neutral
PF Chang 's had a sign right on their hostess stand saying they validate .	hostess	neutral
Service was good and prompt .	Service	neutral
We tried the salt and pepper prawns for the first - and last - time .	salt and pepper prawns	neutral
The " pepper " was red hot chili peppers but that flavor was n't at all in evidence	pepper	neutral
The salt was way too intense .	salt	neutral
The sauce was liquid horseradish .	sauce	neutral
The rest of the meal was good .	meal	neutral
Best tabouli salad ever !	tabouli salad	neutral
Plus you get pita bread with oil instead of traditional white bread before your meals .	pita	neutral
We went here for my mom 's birthday and the food was lackluster .	food	neutral
The steak was dry and rubbery , the gespacho was served in small containers ( which was a great idea because it was disgusting ) .	steak	neutral
The steak was dry and rubbery , the gespacho was served in small containers ( which was a great idea because it was disgusting ) .	gespacho	neutral
The handroll ... you should steer clear of because it tastes nothing like Japanese .	handroll	neutral
The seafood was far from impressive too .	seafood	neutral
Just a poor all around buffet with subpar service .	buffet	neutral
Just a poor all around buffet with subpar service .	service	neutral
I 'm pretty sure that when it comes to food service , they take a course in food microbiology .	food service	neutral
I 'm pretty sure that when it comes to food service , they take a course in food microbiology .	food	neutral
There is a reason I put my utensils on an unused dish ...	dish	neutral
and I do have to say their lunch is much better than dinner .	lunch	neutral
I 'd have to say their lunch was much better .	lunch	neutral
For their lunch menu , you get a selection of about 6 to 7 dishes that are either noodle , curry or fried rice .	dishes	neutral
The flavors are pretty good , it 's not the most authentic Thai restaurant , but for the price you are paying to get a lunch combo , it 's great .	Thai restaurant	neutral
The flavors are pretty good , it 's not the most authentic Thai restaurant , but for the price you are paying to get a lunch combo , it 's great .	lunch combo	neutral
Also , this place is pretty good for group setting .	place	neutral
I do have to say it is is not the most spacious restaurant	restaurant	neutral
As for their dinner , it is more on the expensive side	dinner	neutral
and I do not find anything on their menu that jumps YOU GOTTA TRY THIS !	menu	neutral
Service was pretty good .	Service	neutral
I had the almond butter base over peanut .	almond	neutral
The Overlook is on a slight rise next to Charlotte 's runway 18C/36C , which is code for " the middle one that runs north to south " .	Overlook	neutral
The hot cakes are what brought me back .	hot cakes	neutral
Fresh , cold strawberries smothered with brown sugar and freshly made whipped cream wrapped in a buttery , fluffy , and slightly salty hot cake .	strawberries	neutral
Fresh , cold strawberries smothered with brown sugar and freshly made whipped cream wrapped in a buttery , fluffy , and slightly salty hot cake .	whipped	neutral
It was a bit hectic going in the morning -- they have an early bird special which has really good deals until like 8 am or something .	early bird special	neutral
The service at 2 pm was good though -- super friendly people .	service	neutral
It was the perfect chilly day for a nice hot bowl of Pho .	bowl	neutral
It was the perfect chilly day for a nice hot bowl of Pho .	Pho	neutral
Upon arrival nothing too impressive on an atmosphere a bit of a hole in the wall to be honest .	atmosphere	neutral
I was greeted by a very friendly and very busy Vietnamese woman who referred to herself as Mama .	woman	neutral
Do n't expect too much for atmosphere or even the most prompt service however , what you can expect is hands - down the best bowl of Pho you 'll ever taste .	atmosphere	neutral
Do n't expect too much for atmosphere or even the most prompt service however , what you can expect is hands - down the best bowl of Pho you 'll ever taste .	service	neutral
Do n't expect too much for atmosphere or even the most prompt service however , what you can expect is hands - down the best bowl of Pho you 'll ever taste .	bowl	neutral
Do n't expect too much for atmosphere or even the most prompt service however , what you can expect is hands - down the best bowl of Pho you 'll ever taste .	Pho	neutral
Generous portions for a reasonable price and just a delicious broth that satisfies beyond words .	portions	neutral
Generous portions for a reasonable price and just a delicious broth that satisfies beyond words .	broth	neutral
Mama really made the experience quite enjoyable as she 's very passionate about her food and the people she serves it to .	Mama	neutral
Mama really made the experience quite enjoyable as she 's very passionate about her food and the people she serves it to .	food	neutral
She told me she cooks the broth slow and low overnight .	broth	neutral
I 've had a lot of popcorn chicken over the years .	popcorn chicken	neutral
I 'd definitely come back and see what else this place has to offer .	place	neutral
This place sucks .	place	neutral
The turkey burger with cheese on a gluten free bun ... sheer happiness ! !	turkey burger	neutral
The turkey burger with cheese on a gluten free bun ... sheer happiness ! !	cheese	neutral
The turkey burger with cheese on a gluten free bun ... sheer happiness ! !	bun	neutral
Great patio & bar area too .	patio	neutral
Great patio & bar area too .	bar area	neutral
So extremely happy that there is a tropical smoothie in this area .	tropical	neutral
They serve delicious fresh smoothies .	smoothies	neutral
[ beware that each smoothie has a cup of " turbinado " in it- which is raw sugar].	smoothie	neutral
They also have really good fresh food here .	food	neutral
The wraps and the flat breads are good and decently priced .	wraps	neutral
The wraps and the flat breads are good and decently priced .	flat breads	neutral
I like the fact that you can order the smoothies made with splenda -atleast	smoothies	neutral
I also like how they are comin up with more healthy smoothies .	smoothies	neutral
Not much that was wrong with our dinner .	dinner	neutral
First of all the most positive experience we could offer was the staff .	staff	neutral
Our server knew his menu as well as the chef that created it .	server	neutral
We were offered a very extensive menu presentation .	menu	neutral
Every single question we had was thoroughly answered by our server .	server	neutral
And the plates that were brought to us were exactly how they were described .	plates	neutral
Sashimi grade ahi and an extremely lean tenderloin .	ahi	neutral
Sashimi grade ahi and an extremely lean tenderloin .	tenderloin	neutral
In our case I have no issue taking time out of my day to commend an exceptional employee .	employee	neutral
Our server was Billy .	server	neutral
One of the better Denny 's in the area .	Denny	neutral
I 've never had really any kind of trouble with this location .	location	neutral
Service is usually pretty good and the food not too bad .	Service	neutral
Service is usually pretty good and the food not too bad .	food	neutral
My protein salad was huge and delicious !	protein salad	neutral
The dressing tasted homemade .	dressing	neutral
This place is definitely going to be a new favorite for me !	place	neutral
This place made my day !	place	neutral
This location is pretty large , there 's space to work or for a coffee date .	location	neutral
Free Wifi .	Wifi	neutral
They have pretty decent salads and sandwiches , and also serve breakfast .	salads	neutral
They have pretty decent salads and sandwiches , and also serve breakfast .	sandwiches	neutral
They have pretty decent salads and sandwiches , and also serve breakfast .	breakfast	neutral
The cash register situation at this location seems to confuse most people for some reason , so it might take longer than usual to order at this location .	cash register	neutral
Bonus , you get a free chocolate with your coffee .	coffee	neutral
I quite like this place and the lunch speacial is the best deal in town !	lunch speacial	neutral
Killer chili chicken and excellent thali plates .	chili chicken	neutral
Killer chili chicken and excellent thali plates .	thali plates	neutral
And the nicest people ever .	people	neutral
Good food and great atmosphere .	food	neutral
Good food and great atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Worst service ever .	service	neutral
The server forgot my order and told us that the chef was sick but was still making our food .	server	neutral
The server forgot my order and told us that the chef was sick but was still making our food .	chef	neutral
Food was n't even tasty at all .	Food	neutral
This pizza place is designed like a subway where you go down the line and chose your toppings .	pizza place	neutral
My boyfriend was first and the girl making his pizza was obviously new because she was going very slow , which was fine .	pizza	neutral
So he made sure to patiently say exactly how he wanted his pizza	pizza	neutral
I noticed a large black hair cooked in my pizza !	pizza	neutral
Do not waste your money at this place .	place	neutral
Unbelievable meats !	meats	neutral
Brisket # 1 hands down .	Brisket	neutral
Turkey , amazing- ribs , perfection .	Turkey	neutral
Turkey , amazing- ribs , perfection .	ribs	neutral
The fact that it stumped me , makes me give this place some respect .	place	neutral
I think the place looks cool , the overall ambiance is pretty comfortable .	place	neutral
I think the place looks cool , the overall ambiance is pretty comfortable .	ambiance	neutral
They have lions , a huge gaming area , and a pretty cool looking bar in the middle of it all .	gaming area	neutral
They have lions , a huge gaming area , and a pretty cool looking bar in the middle of it all .	bar	neutral
It 's a place that I 'll return to .	place	neutral
Great ramen .	ramen	neutral
Rude waitress who refused to listen to me when I asked for chopsticks and a napkin even though I said excuse me and tried to gently get her to return to complete the service for our table , where she had just brought the ramen .	waitress	neutral
Still she could n't ruin the ramen .	ramen	neutral
Their house sandwich is what I go for , extra cracklin ' let 's not kid around , and I make anyone who visits me in the city eat it	house sandwich	neutral
and their sides are also incredible .	sides	neutral
I love this place	place	neutral
If you are in the area a nice place for lunch .	place	neutral
Food was excellent .	Food	neutral
The line was out the door but the food is why .	food	neutral
Have no idea why this place has been given a bad rap .	place	neutral
This is my new favorite place !	place	neutral
Brittany B and Luis are the bomb !	Brittany	neutral
Brittany B and Luis are the bomb !	Luis	neutral
The food rocked and the $ 10 beer flight special was awesome !	food	neutral
The food rocked and the $ 10 beer flight special was awesome !	$ 10	neutral
The food rocked and the $ 10 beer flight special was awesome !	beer flight special	neutral
I only wish they cooked with canola oil as the vegetable oil contains soy .	vegetable oil	neutral
There 's always attitude from the employees and if you 're not with a large group , you 're practically ignored .	employees	neutral
Dueling sound systems are not my thing .	sound systems	neutral
Worst customer service EVER .	customer service	neutral
FYI , if you want your food faster , just go through drive - thru	drive	neutral
This place is really cool .	place	neutral
The conveyor belt idea is unique .	conveyor belt idea	neutral
Try the " toro " and you wo n't be disappointed .	"	neutral
Try the " toro " and you wo n't be disappointed .	toro "	neutral
Also , the hot sake is affordable as well .	hot sake	neutral
and you get - a really great meal on the cheap !	meal	neutral
There is minimal seating .	seating	neutral
The service is down - home feel .	service	neutral
The waitress was very nice , the owner / chef asked us how our food was .	waitress	neutral
The waitress was very nice , the owner / chef asked us how our food was .	owner	neutral
The waitress was very nice , the owner / chef asked us how our food was .	chef	neutral
This burger was perfectly done - sauce was tangy , mayo was creamy and spicy ,	burger	neutral
This burger was perfectly done - sauce was tangy , mayo was creamy and spicy ,	sauce	neutral
This burger was perfectly done - sauce was tangy , mayo was creamy and spicy ,	mayo	neutral
comes with lettuce , tomato , and red onion - on a beautiful Brioche bun !	Brioche	neutral
comes with lettuce , tomato , and red onion - on a beautiful Brioche bun !	bun	neutral
I got the garlic fries - delish !	garlic fries	neutral
Husband had the pancake platter , which is a little lacking .	pancake platter	neutral
I also had a house salad to start , which was OK .	house salad	neutral
We ended the meal with the craziest dessert - Bacon covered in cookie dough and deep fried , sprinkled with powdered sugar .	dessert	neutral
BUT - THE BURGER , OMG THE BURGER !	BURGER	neutral
After 200 and something check ins at Brew Tea Bar , I think I 'm a little over due for a review .	Brew Tea	neutral
just how much I LOVE this place !	place	neutral
What I love about Brew Tea Bar is that they are always consistent - you get the same great quality tea + boba every time !	Brew Tea Bar	neutral
What I love about Brew Tea Bar is that they are always consistent - you get the same great quality tea + boba every time !	tea	neutral
What I love about Brew Tea Bar is that they are always consistent - you get the same great quality tea + boba every time !	boba	neutral
In addition , their service is impeccable .	service	neutral
A few of our faves : Honey , Jasmine , Okinawa & Taro Milk Teas and	Okinawa	neutral
Their Sea Salt cream is also a great addition to their milk teas and it 's something I would definitely love to recommend !	Sea Salt cream	neutral
Their Sea Salt cream is also a great addition to their milk teas and it 's something I would definitely love to recommend !	milk teas	neutral
In addition , just wanted to mention that Brew Tea Bar just opened their second location in Henderson !	Brew Tea Bar	neutral
So thrilled for Sou and the success of his business !	Sou	neutral
Definitely the best boba in Las Vegas and glad that other locals feel the same !	boba	neutral
This place is as good as it gets in terms of " authentic " Malaysian cuisine .	Malaysian cuisine	neutral
The food is great , but the atmosphere has little to be desired .	food	neutral
The food is great , but the atmosphere has little to be desired .	atmosphere	neutral
Their service was also subpar .	service	neutral
When I go back home , we eat on the dirty filthy streets with dirty filthy tables , but the food is still just as good .	tables	neutral
When I go back home , we eat on the dirty filthy streets with dirty filthy tables , but the food is still just as good .	food	neutral
I go for the " food " and there are a few key dishes that hits my heart each time : their curry , laksa , satay , and roti .	food	neutral
I go for the " food " and there are a few key dishes that hits my heart each time : their curry , laksa , satay , and roti .	curry	neutral
I go for the " food " and there are a few key dishes that hits my heart each time : their curry , laksa , satay , and roti .	laksa	neutral
I go for the " food " and there are a few key dishes that hits my heart each time : their curry , laksa , satay , and roti .	satay	neutral
I go for the " food " and there are a few key dishes that hits my heart each time : their curry , laksa , satay , and roti .	roti	neutral
On a side note , I wished they made a better nasi lemak wrapped in pandan leaves .	nasi	neutral
What a great spot .	spot	neutral
Just finished a brunch at Coronado cafe ...	Coronado cafe	neutral
I had the southwestern omelette , and my fianc辿 had the crab cakes .	southwestern omelette	neutral
First of all the $ 3 bloody	bloody	neutral
Mary 's and mimosas are a steal , but that became an after note to the food !	Mary 's	neutral
Mary 's and mimosas are a steal , but that became an after note to the food !	mimosas	neutral
The crab cakes are out of this world , huge chunks of meat and before I could ask for a second bite it was gone .	crab cakes	neutral
Luckily I had my own omelette that did not disappoint .	omelette	neutral
Cheesy , hatch chilies and really tasty potatoes on the side .	Cheesy	neutral
Cheesy , hatch chilies and really tasty potatoes on the side .	potatoes	neutral
The service was good , and the owner was available and really matches the curbside appeal .	service	neutral
The service was good , and the owner was available and really matches the curbside appeal .	owner	neutral
Great ambiance in a cool historic house .	ambiance	neutral
Great ambiance in a cool historic house .	house	neutral
Ok this is gourmet ice cream .	ice cream	neutral
Almost all of the ice cream has macadamia nuts in it .	ice cream	neutral
I strongly suggest getting the coconut pineapple ice cream	coconut pineapple ice cream	neutral
Delicious donuts ! !	donuts	neutral
Stumbled upon this little place and had to try .	place	neutral
50 per ' fancy ' donut , they were worth every penny .	donut	neutral
My eggs were a little more than over easy but they were good .	eggs	neutral
The hash browns were good .	hash browns	neutral
The sausage links were standard and OK .	sausage links	neutral
The room is very pleasant and we enjoyed talking and watching the tourists walk by .	room	neutral
First , the candle on the table was nt lit ... and every other tables was ... pet peeve of mine :)	candle	neutral
The seared tuna appetizer tasted like a raw hot dog , and the parmesan crusted filet I had for the main course was nt really anything to write home about either .	seared tuna appetizer	neutral
The seared tuna appetizer tasted like a raw hot dog , and the parmesan crusted filet I had for the main course was nt really anything to write home about either .	parmesan crusted filet	neutral
I can think of 20 places where you can get a better steak for less .	steak	neutral
The service was pretty slow too .	service	neutral
The white chocolate brownie dessert was probably the best part .	white chocolate brownie dessert	neutral
He mostly hates the smell and idea of griddle fry .	griddle fry	neutral
It was good but mostly crowded , and we were suckered into ordering the red velvet pancakes .	red velvet pancakes	neutral
This time , however , we partook in the Hawaiian - style brekkie ( Moco Loco and Portuguese sausage and eggs w rice ) as well as a skillet and of course many sides of many non - red velvet pancakes ( banana cream pie , cookies and cream , lemon ricotta ) plus a Nutella crepe .	Portuguese sausage	neutral
This time , however , we partook in the Hawaiian - style brekkie ( Moco Loco and Portuguese sausage and eggs w rice ) as well as a skillet and of course many sides of many non - red velvet pancakes ( banana cream pie , cookies and cream , lemon ricotta ) plus a Nutella crepe .	eggs w rice	neutral
There was a wait , but turn - around was efficient and quick as could be .	turn	neutral
Place was clean and friendly and did we mention no griddle fry ?	Place	neutral
Btw , their red velvet pancakes are , in fact , good if you still like the trend , er ... flavor .	red velvet pancakes	neutral
Him : The pancakes were soft and delicious .	pancakes	neutral
Also , I loved the skillet .	skillet	neutral
I would wait again millions more times for their pancakes and veggies .	pancakes	neutral
I would wait again millions more times for their pancakes and veggies .	veggies	neutral
I bet most people do n't think of All American Modern Sports Grill as the place for great salads but it is .	salads	neutral
The Asian salad is amazingly healthy , delicious ; I always add an avocado .	Asian salad	neutral
The servers are very good and they have my favorite type of wine : Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand .	servers	neutral
The servers are very good and they have my favorite type of wine : Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand .	wine	neutral
The servers are very good and they have my favorite type of wine : Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand .	Sauvignon	neutral
Da Bears , healthy food and Down Under wine with no cigarette smoke ....	food	neutral
Da Bears , healthy food and Down Under wine with no cigarette smoke ....	wine	neutral
Killer shakes / malts / slushies , great burgers and dogs , an endlezs supply of drink combinations .	shakes	neutral
Killer shakes / malts / slushies , great burgers and dogs , an endlezs supply of drink combinations .	malts	neutral
Killer shakes / malts / slushies , great burgers and dogs , an endlezs supply of drink combinations .	burgers	neutral
Killer shakes / malts / slushies , great burgers and dogs , an endlezs supply of drink combinations .	dogs	neutral
I like a simple Coke with lime , your standard burger , and some ' tater - tots with cheese .	Coke	neutral
I like a simple Coke with lime , your standard burger , and some ' tater - tots with cheese .	burger	neutral
But , I also dig the cheese sticks , melts , breakfast items and cherry limeaids .	cheese	neutral
But , I also dig the cheese sticks , melts , breakfast items and cherry limeaids .	melts	neutral
But , I also dig the cheese sticks , melts , breakfast items and cherry limeaids .	breakfast items	neutral
Ok so first and foremost my view of Tutto Pasta is a little tainted .	Tutto Pasta	neutral
So we walk in and the vibe is still pretty college .	vibe	neutral
When the service did arrive though , our server was friendly and apologetic for the wait .	server	neutral
We ordered house wine , the baked eggplant appetizer , the gluten free ( YES ! )	baked eggplant appetizer	neutral
alfredo , and the tortellini .	tortellini	neutral
The wine was mehhhh .	wine	neutral
Our entrees arrived before our appetizer , and our server then asked if we still wanted the appetizer .	server	neutral
The pasta was pretty good !	pasta	neutral
The gluten free pasta was cooked well and the sauce was great .	gluten	neutral
The gluten free pasta was cooked well and the sauce was great .	sauce	neutral
No frills though , just noodles and sauce .	sauce	neutral
My fianc辿 enjoyed his tortellini , but we both agreed we have had better pasta dishes .	tortellini	neutral
My fianc辿 enjoyed his tortellini , but we both agreed we have had better pasta dishes .	pasta dishes	neutral
Our wines were free ( our apartment has a partnership with Tutto ) but even with that our bill was still about $ 45 .	wines	neutral
Tutto is n't expensive	Tutto	neutral
but I think the price tag is higher than the quality of meal you get .	meal	neutral
The location is convenient and sometimes you just want " run of the mill " Italian .	location	neutral
Worth a stop in if you have n't been or really want some g free pasta .	pasta	neutral
I never take the time to review a restaurant , but the food I received was so bad I felt compelled to warn others .	food	neutral
This was by far the most revolting chinese food I have ever had in Toronto ..	chinese food	neutral
scratch that , it was the most revolting food I have ever had in my life . period .	food	neutral
What a terrible place .	place	neutral
Really terrible place with liars who work for them .	place	neutral
TERRIBLE PLACE with bad and uncaring employees .	PLACE	neutral
TERRIBLE PLACE with bad and uncaring employees .	employees	neutral
The food is okay , but any other taco shop is as good or better .	food	neutral
First , the AYCE menu is very very very limited .	AYCE menu	neutral
Dessert is not included as well .	Dessert	neutral
It 's not like most AYCE sushi places where you can choose from most of the menu if not the entire menu .	menu	neutral
We received at least three times the amount of nigiri that we ordered .	nigiri	neutral
We told our waiter , Georgio , this , and he blamed it on the kitchen staff .	kitchen staff	neutral
but then , we received twice the amount of rolls ordered , to which he blamed on our busser ... in front of him .	rolls	neutral
We are avid sushi - goers and the sushi was not worth the drive , the waiter , or the money .	sushi	neutral
We are avid sushi - goers and the sushi was not worth the drive , the waiter , or the money .	waiter	neutral
Service is decent .	Service	neutral
Food selection is mediocre .	Food selection	neutral
Food is okay .	Food	neutral
This place is pricey , hence the two star rating .	place	neutral
Actually , this place is not worth the money in all honesty .	place	neutral
This is a bar and restaurant located on the first floor of Aria .	bar	neutral
This is a bar and restaurant located on the first floor of Aria .	restaurant	neutral
Lighting was more on the dim side which set a nice relaxing mood .	Lighting	neutral
Music and other customer conversations were n't too loud	Music	neutral
Tables were spaced out nicely , and there was a good amount of setting at the bar .	Tables	neutral
Tables were spaced out nicely , and there was a good amount of setting at the bar .	bar	neutral
My boyfriend mentioned he could see table spacing issue if the bar area was more packed .	bar area	neutral
Server was quick to come and ask for what we liked .	Server	neutral
The server then opened the bottle and poured its contents into a waiting glass .	server	neutral
The drink went down smooth and the after taste was a nice ending to each sip .	drink	neutral
The drink went down smooth and the after taste was a nice ending to each sip .	after	neutral
The server then poured the liquor slowly over the cotton candy , and I was smiling as I watched it melt till it became this pink liquid .	server	neutral
I like the balance it had , since the tartness of the citrus was balanced out with the sweetness of the cotton candy .	citrus	neutral
I like the balance it had , since the tartness of the citrus was balanced out with the sweetness of the cotton candy .	cotton candy	neutral
I was a nice place to go for evening drinks .	place	neutral
The ambiance and menu options were great for a relaxing chat .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance and menu options were great for a relaxing chat .	menu options	neutral
I will have to come back and try the restaurant next time - though I will make a point to grab a drink since our first two were a hit .	restaurant	neutral
If you are concerned about restaurant lines , go early and grab a seat in the bar area while it is nice and spacious .	bar area	neutral
Excellent subs , had hot pastrami and Swiss .	subs	neutral
Excellent subs , had hot pastrami and Swiss .	Swiss	neutral
Wife had pico chicken and loved it .	pico chicken	neutral
This place equals and supersede my aunts skills .	place	neutral
Papaya salad here is a must , the soup , authentic .	Papaya salad	neutral
Papaya salad here is a must , the soup , authentic .	soup	neutral
This place is hands down a must try .	place	neutral
The food is fantastic !	food	neutral
It 's a very small , dark , loud establishment with a very historic feel .	establishment	neutral
The staff is friendly and our server ( s ) were attentive .	staff	neutral
The staff is friendly and our server ( s ) were attentive .	server	neutral
Saki was a manager and sushi chef at Ah - So where we fell in love with his edible art !	edible	neutral
The sushi is absolutely delicious !	sushi	neutral
Ca n't say we 've ever had a bad dish .	dish	neutral
Sashimi is fresh and the salmon melts in your mouth like butter !	Sashimi	neutral
Sashimi is fresh and the salmon melts in your mouth like butter !	salmon	neutral
Even the regular , yet traditional , Asian dishes are right on the money !	Asian dishes	neutral
They are too busy to take reservations , and Friday and Saturday have long wait ( for a reason )	wait	neutral
Finally , if you are the adventurous type , and ca n't decide , let Saki know what ingredients you like and he will make you a roll to match !	Saki	neutral
Best fast food chicken	fast food chicken	neutral
My meal was 3 pieces of chicken , fries , damn good toast and a drink .	toast	neutral
Nice food reasonable price mindful clean	food	neutral
i am happy to find this place .	place	neutral
Breakfast opens at 6:30 sharp and looks like they 've been cooking all night .	Breakfast	neutral
I challenge you to try each item ... would take the entire time just grazing the buffet .	buffet	neutral
Flavorful coffee arrives in a piping hot pint mug .	coffee	neutral
Wish we had time to return for dinner , but one buffet is usually sufficient per visit to LV , lest you regularly pop your knotted coat buttons .	buffet	neutral
If time is an issue stick to flowers !	flowers	neutral
I had the chicken and waffles .	chicken and waffles	neutral
The waffle was done up right crispy shell and soft center .	waffle	neutral
The chicken crunchy , juicy , and flavorful .	chicken	neutral
The smashbrowns ( hash brown and mashed potato I assume ) were alright .	smashbrowns	neutral
The smashbrowns ( hash brown and mashed potato I assume ) were alright .	hash	neutral
The service was excellent , they also gave our daughters a plate of their fries apples which was very considerate of them , and might I add I will be coming back for those as well as the rest of the menu .	service	neutral
The service was excellent , they also gave our daughters a plate of their fries apples which was very considerate of them , and might I add I will be coming back for those as well as the rest of the menu .	fries	neutral
I thought the matcha flavour was actually pretty strong , despite the workers telling us that the matcha powder used in the drinks is slightly weaker than the one used in their matcha ice cream .	matcha flavour	neutral
I thought the matcha flavour was actually pretty strong , despite the workers telling us that the matcha powder used in the drinks is slightly weaker than the one used in their matcha ice cream .	matcha powder	neutral
I thought the matcha flavour was actually pretty strong , despite the workers telling us that the matcha powder used in the drinks is slightly weaker than the one used in their matcha ice cream .	matcha ice cream	neutral
However , the matcha flavour was not as pronounced this time .	matcha	neutral
We plan to give their ice cream a try next time !	ice cream	neutral
I have eaten Peruvian food in Costa Rica and this is comparable but with smaller portions .	portions	neutral
The service was excellent .	service	neutral
The ceviche dinner was perfect .	ceviche dinner	neutral
I had a 1/4 of chicken with an incredibly addictive spiced rice , some thinly sliced cucumbers and red onions and a side of Yuka , that serves two , served with a cilantro sauce that I could have drank plain	spiced rice	neutral
I had a 1/4 of chicken with an incredibly addictive spiced rice , some thinly sliced cucumbers and red onions and a side of Yuka , that serves two , served with a cilantro sauce that I could have drank plain	cilantro sauce	neutral
As it 's been said a million times , great bruschetta and ambience with the live music .	bruschetta	neutral
As it 's been said a million times , great bruschetta and ambience with the live music .	ambience	neutral
As it 's been said a million times , great bruschetta and ambience with the live music .	live music	neutral
We ordered a variety of dishes and all of them except the bhel were mediocre .	dishes	neutral
We ordered a variety of dishes and all of them except the bhel were mediocre .	bhel	neutral
The service was good .	service	neutral
The makhani dal did n't have much cream in it .	makhani dal	neutral
The palak in the palak paneer was not cooked thoroughly .	palak	neutral
The palak in the palak paneer was not cooked thoroughly .	palak paneer	neutral
The pakoras were very hard and had extra amounts of baking soda in it .	pakoras	neutral
And the servers were even worse ! ! !	servers	neutral
In the middle of our " dinner " , we heard yelling and realized that just feet away from our table - with children- , the bartender and a bunch of customers were playing bar games ! ! !	bartender	neutral
With the food , we had to ask about pretty much everything because the menu was very confusing ( half of the FOOD menu was a tequila menu ! ) .	menu	neutral
With the food , we had to ask about pretty much everything because the menu was very confusing ( half of the FOOD menu was a tequila menu ! ) .	FOOD	neutral
Half of my table had to order something else after finishing eating because the serving sizes are ridiculous ( and the food was terrible ) ! ! !	serving sizes	neutral
Half of my table had to order something else after finishing eating because the serving sizes are ridiculous ( and the food was terrible ) ! ! !	food	neutral
Great service and great mocha ! ! ! !	service	neutral
Great service and great mocha ! ! ! !	mocha	neutral
The dark guy working the counter was awesome he had tattoos and clearly works out and was honestly a great barista ! ! ! !	dark guy	neutral
Asian - inspired flavors giving Chinatown Ice Cream Factory a real run for its money .	Chinatown	neutral
Asian - inspired flavors giving Chinatown Ice Cream Factory a real run for its money .	Ice Cream Factory	neutral
After much deliberation , I went with the HK milk tea and rum vanilla bean combo , while the bf got the spicy salted pineapple and soursop combo .	HK milk tea and rum vanilla bean combo	neutral
Both these flavor combinations were pretty perfect ( although he mentioned the soursop got a little lost in the pineapple ) .	soursop	neutral
The milky richness with the HK milk tea made it stand out for me .	HK milk tea	neutral
During my taste test , another flavor that stood out was the whiskey green tea .	whiskey green tea	neutral
Winking Lizard is one of my favorite places to go for lunch / dinner .	Winking Lizard	neutral
I really enjoy the burgers and the place ( though smaller then their old location ) is still a good place to hang out .	burgers	neutral
I really enjoy the burgers and the place ( though smaller then their old location ) is still a good place to hang out .	place	neutral
I really enjoy the burgers and the place ( though smaller then their old location ) is still a good place to hang out .	place	neutral
Been a few times and the food has n't forced me to write home to mom , but the Innis and Gunn / Guinness / beers on tap taste a little better given the environment .	food	neutral
Been a few times and the food has n't forced me to write home to mom , but the Innis and Gunn / Guinness / beers on tap taste a little better given the environment .	Innis	neutral
The space sort of reminds me of what The Keg might have looked like before it was a chain .	space	neutral
Manager is a cute little number that puts some effort to make sure you 're having a good time , which is nice .	Manager	neutral
Also , biggest basement hallway / smallest bathroom combo I 've ever seen .	basement hallway	neutral
Also , biggest basement hallway / smallest bathroom combo I 've ever seen .	bathroom	neutral
This is my favorite pub in the city .	pub	neutral
All food is made in house and delicious !	food	neutral
Always a friendly face at the bar !	bar	neutral
The waiter refused to take our order , instead giving us a piece of paper and telling us to write down the number of the items that we wanted .	waiter	neutral
I had thought that maybe this was a restaurant practice but saw our very own waiter take down somebody else 's order .	waiter	neutral
The restaurant was not full and it was not a banquet style meal .	meal	neutral
Typical take out Chinese food with an emphasis on oil , msg and sweet and sour sauce .	Chinese food	neutral
Typical take out Chinese food with an emphasis on oil , msg and sweet and sour sauce .	oil	neutral
Typical take out Chinese food with an emphasis on oil , msg and sweet and sour sauce .	sweet and sour sauce	neutral
The sweet and sour chicken had about 15 % meat , the rest was all fat .	sweet and sour chicken	neutral
When I brought this up to the manager , she simply gave me a blank look and said so .	manager	neutral
, I regret wasting one of my meals in Montreal at this place .	place	neutral
Kind of a ' typical chain ' sports bar with young mostly disinterested servers and bartenders sleepwalking about their duties .	servers	neutral
Kind of a ' typical chain ' sports bar with young mostly disinterested servers and bartenders sleepwalking about their duties .	bartenders	neutral
Great TVs for football watching ..	TVs	neutral
Beer prices on the high end { IE : $ 6 for a 16 oz can of Bud Light once they found one ! ? } ..	Beer	neutral
Beer prices on the high end { IE : $ 6 for a 16 oz can of Bud Light once they found one ! ? } ..	Bud Light	neutral
Waitress busy sitting with friends on patio !	patio	neutral
Try Los Compadres	Los	neutral
Try Los Compadres	Compadres	neutral
What a great place to buy bulk items .	place	neutral
They have a great selection of veggie friendly stuff , too .	veggie	neutral
It 's not a complete grocery store and a lot of the stuff are pricey , but the steal is in the bulk .	grocery	neutral
They sell a lot of local products , as well as top of the line veggie accompaniments .	veggie accompaniments	neutral
Then as we are going through the bag we notice that on top of our order of 3 regular tacos , two chalupas , and a burrito ; they gave us someone else 's order of an additional 6 tacos ... separate bagging receipts included ... now I 'm stuck with tacos	chalupas	neutral
Then as we are going through the bag we notice that on top of our order of 3 regular tacos , two chalupas , and a burrito ; they gave us someone else 's order of an additional 6 tacos ... separate bagging receipts included ... now I 'm stuck with tacos	burrito	neutral
Food is delicious .	Food	neutral
extremely understaffed & lacking in customer service .	customer service	neutral
food & smoothies are nt to satisfaction , i ordered a wrap & there was HARDLY anything in it .	food	neutral
food & smoothies are nt to satisfaction , i ordered a wrap & there was HARDLY anything in it .	smoothies	neutral
I will not be visiting this location again , until there is better service & more employees .	service	neutral
I will not be visiting this location again , until there is better service & more employees .	employees	neutral
this is a new store , you 're supposed to attract customers , not push them away .	store	neutral
Place is very Family oriented with friendly owner / waiter .	Place	neutral
Place is very Family oriented with friendly owner / waiter .	owner	neutral
Place is very Family oriented with friendly owner / waiter .	waiter	neutral
Food is great as well !	Food	neutral
Amazing service , selection , food & price .	service	neutral
Amazing service , selection , food & price .	food	neutral
For all the sides , snacks & meats available for only $ 19 . 95 !	sides	neutral
For all the sides , snacks & meats available for only $ 19 . 95 !	meats	neutral
Good chinese food a bit pricey though .	chinese food	neutral
I 've only ordered the mocha latte ( & its iced version ) and it 's super good and rich , taste like real pure chocolate-	mocha latte	neutral
but you have to like dark chocolate for this drink .	drink	neutral
We LOVED Davanti !	Davanti	neutral
Went for dinner and tried numerous dishes and everything was fantastic .	dishes	neutral
The califlower steak was awesome , the ricotta foccocia w/ honeycomb to die for !	califlower steak	neutral
The califlower steak was awesome , the ricotta foccocia w/ honeycomb to die for !	ricotta foccocia w/ honeycomb	neutral
We had pork , steak and clam dishes and the gnocci .	pork	neutral
We had pork , steak and clam dishes and the gnocci .	steak	neutral
We had pork , steak and clam dishes and the gnocci .	gnocci	neutral
Great service too and our waitress very knowledgable .	service	neutral
Great service too and our waitress very knowledgable .	waitress	neutral
I love a good buffet in Las Vegas and The Buffet at Bellagio is no different .	buffet	neutral
I love a good buffet in Las Vegas and The Buffet at Bellagio is no different .	Buffet	neutral
Good quality tasty food .	food	neutral
A wide selection of food .	food	neutral
I definitely like their selection of pastas , seafood , and huge assorted meats .	pastas	neutral
I definitely like their selection of pastas , seafood , and huge assorted meats .	seafood	neutral
I definitely like their selection of pastas , seafood , and huge assorted meats .	assorted meats	neutral
My dessert go to was their little mini donuts .	mini donuts	neutral
The buffet interior is very lovely to dine in .	buffet interior	neutral
Definitely a top notch buffet in Las Vegas .	buffet	neutral
the new Southend Japanese resurant is flipping heads at their fresh cuisine .	cuisine	neutral
The decor is modern , super trendy ( so the chairs are a little uncomforable ) .	decor	neutral
The decor is modern , super trendy ( so the chairs are a little uncomforable ) .	chairs	neutral
The food is unequivically Japanese ( this is one of the few places where you can actually get fresh wasabi in Charlotte )	food	neutral
The food is unequivically Japanese ( this is one of the few places where you can actually get fresh wasabi in Charlotte )	wasabi	neutral
I 'd choose Burger Shoppe over Burger Priest any day .	Burger	neutral
Great quality sushi & sashimi , especially for a local sushi eatery in Bolton .	sushi	neutral
Great quality sushi & sashimi , especially for a local sushi eatery in Bolton .	sashimi	neutral
We would always leave more than satisfied with the nice service and good food .	service	neutral
We would always leave more than satisfied with the nice service and good food .	food	neutral
Only complaint was , we found the cucumber maki rolls to be too simple and surprising to be found on a boat since it is nothing special .	cucumber maki rolls	neutral
In addition from the appetizer menu we were not too fond of the floury , slimy texture of the takoyaki .	takoyaki	neutral
Got a chirashi take out another time and was not disappointed !	chirashi	neutral
Really wanted to check this place out during Winterlicious	place	neutral
Anyway , it 's conveniently located inside the Distillery which makes this a huge bonus year round - whether you 're checking out the Christmas Market , Light Fest , or just going for a stroll in the summer ( pretty big patio outside btw ) , you can now be able to grab really decent sushi right away !	sushi	neutral
Skip the Boku Maki - it tasted like your regular ayce sushi roll with the exception of having a nice piece of Albacore Tuna at the top .	Boku Maki	neutral
Skip the Boku Maki - it tasted like your regular ayce sushi roll with the exception of having a nice piece of Albacore Tuna at the top .	Albacore Tuna	neutral
The Aburi Flight was ok - the rice was not up to par as your other similar sushi joints and the piece of wasabi inside was a little too overpowering for some of the pieces .	Aburi Flight	neutral
The Aburi Flight was ok - the rice was not up to par as your other similar sushi joints and the piece of wasabi inside was a little too overpowering for some of the pieces .	rice	neutral
The Aburi Flight was ok - the rice was not up to par as your other similar sushi joints and the piece of wasabi inside was a little too overpowering for some of the pieces .	wasabi	neutral
The fish however , was quite fresh , but the beef was not a good cut .	fish	neutral
The fish however , was quite fresh , but the beef was not a good cut .	beef	neutral
Overall the Aburi Flight was ok - although double the price , definitely prefer Miku 's !	Aburi Flight	neutral
Overall the Aburi Flight was ok - although double the price , definitely prefer Miku 's !	Miku	neutral
The dish I liked the most was the Tai Aburi Hako - box pressed and torched sea bream with pickled cherry blossom , quite delicious !	Tai Aburi Hako - box pressed	neutral
we got the matcha creme brulee	matcha creme brulee	neutral
Their matcha creme brulee was nicely paired with a sesame snap and a strawberry .	matcha creme brulee	neutral
Overall , pretty great sushi joint at a great location !	sushi joint	neutral
Overall , pretty great sushi joint at a great location !	location	neutral
However if you 're just looking for good quality sushi , I would prefer Miku .	sushi	neutral
They definitely have some interesting items like vegan , gluten free breads that I have n't really seen anywhere else .	breads	neutral
The store is much smaller than I thought it would be ( based on what their website says ) .	store	neutral
But once I found the store ( which is hidden if you do n't pay attention ) , I was disappointed .	store	neutral
I was pleasantly surprised with attentive wait staff , inexpensive prices , and absolutely amazing food .	wait staff	neutral
I was pleasantly surprised with attentive wait staff , inexpensive prices , and absolutely amazing food .	food	neutral
Had the hummus , the Falafel Pita , and some Baklava .	hummus	neutral
Had the hummus , the Falafel Pita , and some Baklava .	Falafel Pita	neutral
Very friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Food was good .	Food	neutral
Presentation was great , cane it on a boat plate .	Presentation	neutral
We missed happy hour but it looked life good deals .	happy	neutral
Stopped here when we saw that Studio AM was closed .	Studio AM	neutral
It is a warm and friendly atmosphere with a really cool scrabble board on the wall - like a really big one that is magnetic .	atmosphere	neutral
We sat in the back room with exposed brick wall and great warm lighting with Edison lights .	lighting	neutral
Plenty of space in the dinning area helps you feel comfortable	dinning area	neutral
The food was simply amazing .	food	neutral
I recommend deviled eggs and my partner loved his pimento Mac m cheese .	deviled eggs	neutral
I recommend deviled eggs and my partner loved his pimento Mac m cheese .	pimento Mac m cheese	neutral
The drinks were well made and formidable .	drinks	neutral
We saved room for dessert .	dessert	neutral
The spice cake was transcendent .	spice cake	neutral
We will come back again and wanna try their brunch .	brunch	neutral
When you say " Pulled Chicken " , I expect a tender , shredded meat like " pulled pork " .	Pulled	neutral
When you say " Pulled Chicken " , I expect a tender , shredded meat like " pulled pork " .	pulled pork	neutral
Little surprised when my sandwich had chunks of chicken .	sandwich	neutral
The meat was a bit dry , but the sauce was good .	meat	neutral
The meat was a bit dry , but the sauce was good .	sauce	neutral
Still looking for the best bbq .	bbq	neutral
Holy crap can you guys please turn the AC on in the dining room ?	dining	neutral
Once we got over the fact that we were in a church - turned - brewery ... the whole gimmick faded and we realized that this was a pretty sub - par restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
First off , this two star rating is due to the food and service .	food	neutral
First off , this two star rating is due to the food and service .	service	neutral
I hesitated giving it a 3-star because the beers were pretty good .	beers	neutral
But we 're in Pittsburgh and by default , good beers are expected .	beers	neutral
- The waiter our group got was seriously one of the worst waiters I have ever gotten .	waiter	neutral
- The waiter our group got was seriously one of the worst waiters I have ever gotten .	waiters	neutral
The moment we sat down , our waiter came over and asked if we wanted anything to drink in a tone of " I do not want to be here .	waiter	neutral
- The pizza was alright .	pizza	neutral
The portions were huge , however .	portions	neutral
- I got two beers , the Rotating Stout ( which is actually a light beer brewed with coffee and chocolate ) and the Dunkel .	Rotating Stout	neutral
The Rotating Stout was certainly unique , it did n't have the heavy , silky finish of real stouts , but had it 's own unique , refreshing tart with aftertastes of coffee .	Rotating Stout	neutral
The Dunkel was smooth and not super strong , again , a good beer to drink .	Dunkel	neutral
Both beers were great and decently priced , but I would not come back just for the beers when there are other great beer places in Pittsburgh .	beers	neutral
Both beers were great and decently priced , but I would not come back just for the beers when there are other great beer places in Pittsburgh .	beer	neutral
Sushi was excellent .	Sushi	neutral
Service was superb , and everything we ordered was well - prepared and delicious .	Service	neutral
This place catered to both of us equally .	place	neutral
It was refreshing to find a place that has an equal number of vegan options as meat eating options .	vegan	neutral
I 'm talking vegan toppings , sauces , etc .	sauces	neutral
The creole cauliflower was AMAZING , and the cucumber salad side was delicious too .	creole cauliflower	neutral
The creole cauliflower was AMAZING , and the cucumber salad side was delicious too .	cucumber salad side	neutral
Buffalo Wild Wings is always a good staple .	Buffalo Wild Wings	neutral
Unfortunately , they did n't have the seasonal sauces , which are always fun to try .. however as we all know they have plenty of other choices that are so good .	seasonal sauces	neutral
Personal favorites include Mango Habanero and Caribbean Jerk .	Mango Habanero	neutral
Personal favorites include Mango Habanero and Caribbean Jerk .	Caribbean Jerk	neutral
Delicious food for a good price .	food	neutral
Great service to boot !	service	neutral
Try the waffles - really good !	waffles	neutral
I did n't really know what to expect from Lidia 's , but in all it was the perfect meal for us travelers .	Lidia	neutral
I did n't really know what to expect from Lidia 's , but in all it was the perfect meal for us travelers .	meal	neutral
Upon opening the doors to Lidia 's , the interior was bustling ... with old people !	Lidia 's	neutral
While the decor seemed modern and edgy , the clientele was decked out in rinestone - encrusted tshirts and argyle .	decor	neutral
I 'm not unsympathetic to needing to do some table switching to accommodate us , but it appeared as if the hostess meant to solve the problem and then forgot about us once another problem arose .	hostess	neutral
( Sidenote : the hostess ' outfit was really unintentionally inappropriate .	hostess	neutral
I guess I can see how people think Lidia 's is too much like an Olive Garden , but once you look at the ingredients and the preparation methods , it really is n't at all .	Lidia	neutral
Everything was expertly prepared with balanced flavors and appropriate portioning .	portioning	neutral
I had the pasta trio ( like everyone else , amirite ! ? )	pasta trio	neutral
and indeed , the beginning portions of the pasta were small .	portions	neutral
and indeed , the beginning portions of the pasta were small .	pasta	neutral
I would n't want huge globs of pasta on my plate ( getting cold , cheese and sauces congealing ) , so I appreciated this approach .	sauces	neutral
Your followup portions come by with waiters carrying large metal pans of small - batch prepped pasta .	waiters	neutral
Your followup portions come by with waiters carrying large metal pans of small - batch prepped pasta .	pasta	neutral
All of the pasta tasted freshly made ( not dried ) and with exceptionally light and balanced sauces .	pasta	neutral
All of the pasta tasted freshly made ( not dried ) and with exceptionally light and balanced sauces .	sauces	neutral
I feel like you have to get the pasta trio at least once .	pasta trio	neutral
The other entrees looked amazing as well .	entrees	neutral
If I lived in the neighborhood , I would focus my ordering on the rotating seasonal entrees .	entrees	neutral
My Cesar salad was a little overdressed for my tastes , but still very flavorful and fresh .	Cesar salad	neutral
The bread basket was above - average , with at least three different warm options and two spreads ( an olive and pesto spread ) .	bread basket	neutral
The bread basket was above - average , with at least three different warm options and two spreads ( an olive and pesto spread ) .	olive and pesto spread	neutral
Dessert was inventive , a lemon cake with a basil layer and poppyseed ice cream .	Dessert	neutral
Dessert was inventive , a lemon cake with a basil layer and poppyseed ice cream .	basil layer	neutral
Service was great , if a little slow towards the end .	Service	neutral
I enjoyed their wine selections , though one of the reds was much better alone ( not with food ) , and probably should n't have been on the menu .	wine selections	neutral
I enjoyed their wine selections , though one of the reds was much better alone ( not with food ) , and probably should n't have been on the menu .	food	neutral
Though the wine list is quite extensive , there 's a smaller , curated list of bottles for $ 28 .	wine list	neutral
Though the wine list is quite extensive , there 's a smaller , curated list of bottles for $ 28 .	list of	neutral
So glad I got to try Lidia 's !	Lidia 's	neutral
I got a four pack of baby cupcakes for less than $ 5 !	baby cupcakes	neutral
Red velvet and birthday surprise were delish , and while they were tasty , I could not tell a difference between the chocolate chip and the chocolate cheesecake .	Red velvet	neutral
Red velvet and birthday surprise were delish , and while they were tasty , I could not tell a difference between the chocolate chip and the chocolate cheesecake .	birthday surprise	neutral
Red velvet and birthday surprise were delish , and while they were tasty , I could not tell a difference between the chocolate chip and the chocolate cheesecake .	chocolate chip	neutral
Red velvet and birthday surprise were delish , and while they were tasty , I could not tell a difference between the chocolate chip and the chocolate cheesecake .	chocolate cheesecake	neutral
I would 've been happy just going back to the salad bar over and over .	salad bar	neutral
The meat was spectacular .	meat	neutral
The wait staff was prompt and courteous .	wait staff	neutral
They serve local micro - brewery beer and is as refreshing as your favourite , go too beer that you always fall back on .	micro - brewery beer	neutral
The appetizers are great , numerous and leave you wanting , just one more .	appetizers	neutral
The main course is a good proportion served with a side , if dersired , and may be a little something else ( shrimp or others ) depending on what will compliment your main .	main course	neutral
Their steaks are cooked to perfection and are even better with one of their own home made steak sauces , as if you need anything else , but definitely worth considering .	steaks	neutral
Their steaks are cooked to perfection and are even better with one of their own home made steak sauces , as if you need anything else , but definitely worth considering .	steak sauces	neutral
And if you have any more room after they do have a quaint little dessert menu to finish off the meal .	dessert menu	neutral
but the overall quality of Phoenix Restaurants is just not up to par with what you can find in LA !	Restaurants	neutral
We went with Galbi ( short ribs , can usually never go wrong here ) , vegetable tempura ( normally see this at Japanese spots ) , an order of the Tofu pot ( with pork stew and an egg ) , and finally Bibimbap ( this is a Korean staple with vegetables , thin sliced beef , an over easy egg , mix it with your bowl of rice and the hot sauce ) .	short ribs	neutral
We went with Galbi ( short ribs , can usually never go wrong here ) , vegetable tempura ( normally see this at Japanese spots ) , an order of the Tofu pot ( with pork stew and an egg ) , and finally Bibimbap ( this is a Korean staple with vegetables , thin sliced beef , an over easy egg , mix it with your bowl of rice and the hot sauce ) .	Tofu pot	neutral
We went with Galbi ( short ribs , can usually never go wrong here ) , vegetable tempura ( normally see this at Japanese spots ) , an order of the Tofu pot ( with pork stew and an egg ) , and finally Bibimbap ( this is a Korean staple with vegetables , thin sliced beef , an over easy egg , mix it with your bowl of rice and the hot sauce ) .	pork stew	neutral
I must add the reason I love Korean BBQ and what separates the good from the bad is the quality of the Banchan ( side dishes ) .	Korean BBQ	neutral
I must add the reason I love Korean BBQ and what separates the good from the bad is the quality of the Banchan ( side dishes ) .	Banchan ( side dishes )	neutral
I have to say I actually enjoyed the meal .	meal	neutral
The food was good , but not mind blowing .	food	neutral
I would n't be opposed to coming back trying the waffles , perhaps it will earn this place more stars .	waffles	neutral
The waitress was very friendly and on top of things .	waitress	neutral
Not a bad place , I would go again , hopefully , they will have waffles .	waffles	neutral
I had bronchitis earlier this winter and these drinks reminded me of the cough syrup I took every night .	drinks	neutral
Steer clear of this place that is trying sooooo hard to be cool , yet falls flat on it 's face .	place	neutral
The place is relaxing , well - lit , and clean .	place	neutral
99 , all Indian dishes .	dishes	neutral
Chilli Chicken was flavorful and the chicken cooked to perfection , tender and juicy .	Chilli Chicken	neutral
Chilli Chicken was flavorful and the chicken cooked to perfection , tender and juicy .	chicken	neutral
The Paneer tikka Masala were better than most restaurants .	Paneer tikka Masala	neutral
I loved the Samosas and the Garlic naan , the naan were crispy , fresh and thin .	Samosas	neutral
I loved the Samosas and the Garlic naan , the naan were crispy , fresh and thin .	Garlic naan	neutral
I loved the Samosas and the Garlic naan , the naan were crispy , fresh and thin .	naan	neutral
I have to say that most people would love the level of spice in these dishes .	dishes	neutral
I do prefer my food on the hot side , and I could stand for more spiciness .	food	neutral
The waitress was very attentive .	waitress	neutral
Throw some Goat Curry , beef dishes or Mediterranean food on the buffet , I would keep coming back !	beef dishes	neutral
Throw some Goat Curry , beef dishes or Mediterranean food on the buffet , I would keep coming back !	Mediterranean food	neutral
We waited an unheard of 15 minutes to have a server come by and take our drink order .	server	neutral
Both of us like our steaks rare , both got potatoes and salad .	steaks	neutral
Both of us like our steaks rare , both got potatoes and salad .	salad	neutral
The salads were good .	salads	neutral
They have changed their dinner rolls .	dinner	neutral
These steaks were cooked medium well , and for a steak lover , there goes the flavor of the meat .	steaks	neutral
Then to make matters worse , the potatoes were rock hard .	potatoes	neutral
I would have given this one star , but the server was really nice and kept the drinks filled through the whole meal .	server	neutral
The service was fair , but nothing to write home about .	service	neutral
Our waiter was particularly unaccommodating w / r / t any changes including party size and billing changes .	waiter	neutral
The plating was simple without flourish .	plating	neutral
The seasoning was overdone which detracted from the quality of the meat and fish .	seasoning	neutral
The seasoning was overdone which detracted from the quality of the meat and fish .	meat	neutral
The seasoning was overdone which detracted from the quality of the meat and fish .	fish	neutral
Vegetarians beware as this restaurant is not veg friendly .	restaurant	neutral
The carrot cake was overly sweet and lacked in flavor complexity .	carrot cake	neutral
This is a good spot for those with less adventurous palates .	spot	neutral
Absolutely love love this place .	place	neutral
The food is good , drink specials and service is always great .	food	neutral
The food is good , drink specials and service is always great .	drink specials	neutral
The food is good , drink specials and service is always great .	service	neutral
We come here once a month , the location is perfect with views of the water from the patio !	location	neutral
We come here once a month , the location is perfect with views of the water from the patio !	patio	neutral
Do n't take out smash burger if you want your order correct .	smash burger	neutral
We asked for no cheese on 1 burger and ALL medium Rare , and their medium rare when you eat in is ABSOLUTELY spot on delicious !	burger	neutral
If you come here and Shae makes your pizza , it 'll taste and look amazing .	pizza	neutral
Someone please tell me why I insist on finding good Mexican food in Toronto ? ? ?	Mexican food	neutral
My goodness , for your prices , the least you could do is made the salsas .	salsas	neutral
This place is an IMITATION EVERYTHING ! !	place	neutral
imitation / substitute salsa , imitation chips , imitation rice , imitation taco shells ........ everything they have is either canned stuff or something that come out of a box .	salsa	neutral
imitation / substitute salsa , imitation chips , imitation rice , imitation taco shells ........ everything they have is either canned stuff or something that come out of a box .	chips	neutral
imitation / substitute salsa , imitation chips , imitation rice , imitation taco shells ........ everything they have is either canned stuff or something that come out of a box .	rice	neutral
imitation / substitute salsa , imitation chips , imitation rice , imitation taco shells ........ everything they have is either canned stuff or something that come out of a box .	taco shells	neutral
Mexican food is not meant to come out of a freezer a can or box .	Mexican food	neutral
Oh secret pizza place , you never fail me !	pizza place	neutral
Coming out to the Cosmo to hang with out - of - towners for a bit and managed to find my way back to secret pizza .	secret pizza	neutral
Ordered 2 Pepperoni , sausage and mushroom pies and then got the names of all the workers .	Pepperoni	neutral
Ordered 2 Pepperoni , sausage and mushroom pies and then got the names of all the workers .	sausage	neutral
Ordered 2 Pepperoni , sausage and mushroom pies and then got the names of all the workers .	mushroom	neutral
My " chilaquiles " ( substituted avo for pollo ) , were seriously good .	chilaquiles	neutral
She had " green pork and grits " and was happy as could be .	green pork and grits	neutral
We had delicious fresh squeezed OJ and a strawberry / rosemary lemonade that were both great .	fresh	neutral
We had delicious fresh squeezed OJ and a strawberry / rosemary lemonade that were both great .	OJ	neutral
We had delicious fresh squeezed OJ and a strawberry / rosemary lemonade that were both great .	strawberry / rosemary lemonade	neutral
Unfortunately the host and waitress were incredibly friendly and helpful so darn	host	neutral
Unfortunately the host and waitress were incredibly friendly and helpful so darn	waitress	neutral
It 's hard to compete with Gallo Blanco ( my wife 's favorite restaurant in Phoenix ) and Otro , the sister restaurant , does n't quite live up to its predecessor .	Gallo	neutral
So far I 've had the carne tacos , carne torta and chicken enchiladas .	carne tacos	neutral
So far I 've had the carne tacos , carne torta and chicken enchiladas .	carne torta	neutral
So far I 've had the carne tacos , carne torta and chicken enchiladas .	chicken enchiladas	neutral
The first two feature very tasty and well - cooked carne , and I especially liked the torta .	carne	neutral
The first two feature very tasty and well - cooked carne , and I especially liked the torta .	torta	neutral
The torta comes with onions , guac ( more of straight up avocado really ) , and a killer aji aioli .	torta	neutral
The torta comes with onions , guac ( more of straight up avocado really ) , and a killer aji aioli .	aji	neutral
They also have very good chips and guac .	chips	neutral
They also have very good chips and guac .	guac	neutral
Again the guac is more chunky with solid avocado pieces	guac	neutral
Again the guac is more chunky with solid avocado pieces	avocado	neutral
The margaritas hit the spot and I would expect nothing less from the Gallo Blanco 's " Other .	margaritas	neutral
The margaritas hit the spot and I would expect nothing less from the Gallo Blanco 's " Other .	Gallo	neutral
The tortilla itself was kind of soggy .	tortilla	neutral
The sauce is more of a salsa , somewhat spicy and fairly tasty , but nothing to write home about .	sauce	neutral
The side of black beans was my favorite part .	side of black beans	neutral
They were very good , but the beans should never be the best part of an entree in my humble opinion ( Latin Americans , including my wife , may take offense to that though ) .	beans	neutral
Otro does n't have the funky charm that Gallo does , but it 's coming along .	Otro	neutral
I noticed on this last trip that they added booths , which makes it feel more put together .	booths	neutral
Overall , a good place to get some good , fresh Mexican food and a well - made margarita .	Mexican food	neutral
Overall , a good place to get some good , fresh Mexican food and a well - made margarita .	margarita	neutral
The burn ends looks very ugly , like black rocks on a plate .	burn ends	neutral
The side of creamy corn is also very good !	side of creamy corn	neutral
Big portions , big menu , good quality and friendly service .	portions	neutral
Big portions , big menu , good quality and friendly service .	menu	neutral
Big portions , big menu , good quality and friendly service .	service	neutral
Only disappointments were the bfast potatoes which were not even remotely crispy and the unnecessary use of disposable plastic cups for the salad dressing / sauces .	bfast potatoes	neutral
Only disappointments were the bfast potatoes which were not even remotely crispy and the unnecessary use of disposable plastic cups for the salad dressing / sauces .	salad dressing	neutral
3 egg PORTOBELLO SPINACH GOAT CHEESE BENNY ( $ 14 ) comes with bfast potatoes AND delicious , naturally sweet fruit salad .	fruit salad	neutral
MORNING GLORY ( $ 12 ) french toast , 3 eggs	MORNING GLORY	neutral
any style + sausages ( or bacon or ham ) .	sausages	neutral
Enough food to feed an army !	food	neutral
Potatoes were much tastier this time .	Potatoes	neutral
Service : Excellent .	Service	neutral
The waitress was friendly and efficient .	waitress	neutral
The manager came by our table to check on us , which was a nice gesture .	manager	neutral
Food : Excellent .	Food	neutral
The garlic sirloin , bacon wrapped filet , regular filet , regular sirloin , and lamb are all must eats !	garlic sirloin	neutral
The garlic sirloin , bacon wrapped filet , regular filet , regular sirloin , and lamb are all must eats !	bacon wrapped filet	neutral
The garlic sirloin , bacon wrapped filet , regular filet , regular sirloin , and lamb are all must eats !	regular filet	neutral
The garlic sirloin , bacon wrapped filet , regular filet , regular sirloin , and lamb are all must eats !	regular sirloin	neutral
The garlic sirloin , bacon wrapped filet , regular filet , regular sirloin , and lamb are all must eats !	lamb	neutral
The servers with meat skewers will ask you to use your tongs to catch the meat as they slice it .	meat skewers	neutral
The food is hot and absolutely yummy .	food	neutral
The buffet area with cheese and salad is very good .	buffet area with	neutral
The buffet area with cheese and salad is very good .	cheese and salad	neutral
The couscous and red quinoa are perfectly prepared .	couscous	neutral
The couscous and red quinoa are perfectly prepared .	red quinoa	neutral
Atmosphere : Fun , average noise level , dimly lit .	Atmosphere	neutral
Atmosphere : Fun , average noise level , dimly lit .	noise	neutral
however , the meat was great and i still love the concept of cookin my own food at my table ( even if they are small slices of meat that even the most illiterate foodie could cook ) .	meat	neutral
If you 're going to chop meat into small slices and cure them with salt to keep them fresh ( anybody with half a brain knows that when u cut a piece of meat into thin slices like korean grill house does , it dries out quicker and adding salt to it makes it last longer so you can sell it to the masses before it expires ) you can at least let us have large water glasses to stay hydrated instead of making the poor kids working the floor fill up our water glasses every 30 seconds .	meat	neutral
I actually felt bad about how many water refills i needed and judging from the variety of servers / bussers filling it , i doubt my 10 $ tip would net any of them one dollar .	servers	neutral
I actually felt bad about how many water refills i needed and judging from the variety of servers / bussers filling it , i doubt my 10 $ tip would net any of them one dollar .	bussers	neutral
Once dinner arrived , my prime rib was mostly fat and what was not fat was raw ... not under cooked but raw .	prime rib	neutral
The ribs were over cooked and dry .	ribs	neutral
The fish and chips are awesome i will definitely be back to try othet things i liked sll the tvs they had .	fish and chips	neutral
The fish and chips are awesome i will definitely be back to try othet things i liked sll the tvs they had .	tvs	neutral
Got top notch service from Sabrina at the bar .	service	neutral
Got top notch service from Sabrina at the bar .	Sabrina	neutral
Got top notch service from Sabrina at the bar .	bar	neutral
Crunchy French toast was awesome , coffee was always full .	Crunchy French toast	neutral
Crunchy French toast was awesome , coffee was always full .	coffee	neutral
What I loved was how the staff all helped each other , if it was n't their table or customer	staff	neutral
I 'll be back to try one of those giant pancakes .	pancakes	neutral
This is their tag line for this wonderfully delicious restaurant located about seven minutes or so from the strip .	restaurant	neutral
Bachi Burger is the new kid in town located in a new strip mall , they have plenty of parking , but I could see it being a problem if it was the lunch or dinner rush hour .	Bachi Burger	neutral
Our server gave us our menus and took our drink orders .	server	neutral
I ordered green ice tea , while we were waiting for our drinks to be delivered we all looked over their amazing menu and their selection made it hard to choose just one thing .	menu	neutral
What can I say about a fluffy soft steamed bun overflowing with pork belly except for yum yum in my tum tum ! !	bun	neutral
The pork belly was tender with just a slight bit of fat still attached the bbq sauce and vinaigrette mixed well together .	pork belly	neutral
The pork belly was tender with just a slight bit of fat still attached the bbq sauce and vinaigrette mixed well together .	bbq sauce	neutral
The pork belly was tender with just a slight bit of fat still attached the bbq sauce and vinaigrette mixed well together .	vinaigrette	neutral
But beware this bun can be a tad messy as juices were dripping down my hand and onto the plate .	bun	neutral
Salt & Pepper Garlic French Fries - Maui Onion Sea Salt , Garlic Chili Aioli .	Salt & Pepper Garlic French Fries	neutral
The Kiki burger is more of a sweet tasting burger .	Kiki burger	neutral
The buns were not overly bready more on the thinner side .	buns	neutral
The angus beef was tender along and the toppings meshed well together .	angus beef	neutral
The angus beef was tender along and the toppings meshed well together .	toppings	neutral
The only thing I could not locate was the bacon !	bacon	neutral
The fries were more than enough for two people to share , which I did with my handsome boyfriend !	fries	neutral
The chili aioli was okay	chili aioli	neutral
I am more of a ranch or ketchup kind of gal when it comes to my fries !	fries	neutral
Fries were crispy and not overly done .	Fries	neutral
Our server kept checking on us often making sure we were happy with what we ordered .	server	neutral
I think Bachi Burger needs to come out to So .	Bachi Burger	neutral
Cali this would be one place I could never get sick of !	place	neutral
Students still flock here , corona 's still flow freely and tacos are consumed by the thousands , but I prefer the old , dirty Dos to this new multi - level locale .	corona	neutral
Students still flock here , corona 's still flow freely and tacos are consumed by the thousands , but I prefer the old , dirty Dos to this new multi - level locale .	tacos	neutral
One trip back to Dos was enough for me though .	Dos	neutral
the decor was retro - Italianita and tastefully done .	decor	neutral
The service was horrible and I am not exaggerating in the sense where the waitress forgot a fork .	service	neutral
The service was horrible and I am not exaggerating in the sense where the waitress forgot a fork .	waitress	neutral
We were not attended to all , we had to seek out help which at times was hard to find , our food was late or did n't come at all -we were all in disbelief .	food	neutral
had not 1 waitress but three , the food kept coming , the wine was being poured and they truly enjoyed their Ganzi experience .	waitress	neutral
Best stracciatella I have had this side of the Atlantic .	stracciatella	neutral
But in this Epcot world of Vegas nationalities , this place does good gelato - and even though frozen pigeop poop would probably taste great in 108F weather , I actually enjoyed the taste of this dessert .	gelato	neutral
But in this Epcot world of Vegas nationalities , this place does good gelato - and even though frozen pigeop poop would probably taste great in 108F weather , I actually enjoyed the taste of this dessert .	dessert	neutral
I always order the South by Southwest Burrito .	South by Southwest Burrito	neutral
It 's the best breakfast burrito .	breakfast burrito	neutral
What makes this burrito the best is the Zaaschila Habanero sauce .	Zaaschila Habanero sauce	neutral
The burrito is n't the same without it , and thus I wo n't be coming back until they bring back the sauce .	burrito	neutral
The burrito is n't the same without it , and thus I wo n't be coming back until they bring back the sauce .	sauce	neutral
Owners , this message is to you ... bring back Zaaschila !	Zaaschila	neutral
Bring back the sauce !	sauce	neutral
It 's my only gripe , as the place is friendly , clean , and pleasant to dine at .	place	neutral
We had a amazing dinner .	dinner	neutral
The service was fantastic .	service	neutral
Thank you Jose .	Jose	neutral
Had carne asada burrito .	carne	neutral
I ordered the ' Surf & Turf ' combo .	Surf & Turf	neutral
I got raw chicken , raw steak , and raw shrimp on a plate .	chicken	neutral
I got raw chicken , raw steak , and raw shrimp on a plate .	steak	neutral
The tamales are fresh and made on the premises , so it does n't get much better than that .	tamales	neutral
I had the chicken with green chili and my partner had a beef with red chili .	chicken with green chili	neutral
They even have a small shop on site where you can buy frozen tamales , along with various salsas , to take home .	tamales	neutral
They even have a small shop on site where you can buy frozen tamales , along with various salsas , to take home .	salsas	neutral
We tried the classic burger and popper .	burger	neutral
And the bowl spicy	bowl	neutral
but it 's a fairly decent portion .	portion	neutral
The squats chairs are cool looking but their heavy to move .	squats chairs	neutral
Am I the only reviewer that likes Hue Thai ?	Hue Thai	neutral
I usually order the shredded chicken or the house special ( vegetables with your choice of chicken or pork ) .	shredded	neutral
The french bread is freshly baked !	french bread	neutral
Add some of the brown sauce ( forgot the name ) for some extra flavor and your set !	brown sauce	neutral
Forget subway 's $ 5 foot long lol !	subway	neutral
The sammich is big enough to leave you feeling satisfied .	sammich	neutral
Best in the city ... skin is super crispy and meat is still juicy and flavourful ....	skin	neutral
Best in the city ... skin is super crispy and meat is still juicy and flavourful ....	meat	neutral
other dishes I had were great also .... think it was braised cabbage with pork belly and a spicy stew type dish with sausage pork and veggies .	dishes	neutral
other dishes I had were great also .... think it was braised cabbage with pork belly and a spicy stew type dish with sausage pork and veggies .	spicy stew	neutral
other dishes I had were great also .... think it was braised cabbage with pork belly and a spicy stew type dish with sausage pork and veggies .	sausage pork	neutral
Place is great as you find different dishes than your typical Chinese restaurant .	Place	neutral
Place is great as you find different dishes than your typical Chinese restaurant .	dishes	neutral
Really good burger tons of topping choices for the make - your - own , and really good set ones .	burger	neutral
Really good burger tons of topping choices for the make - your - own , and really good set ones .	topping	neutral
First time there got a massive over the top ( ping ) burger was so good got a french dip burger after it .	burger	neutral
Great place can make a burger to match any taste	place	neutral
Great place can make a burger to match any taste	burger	neutral
So if you do n't know what bougatsa is , you have to try it -- this is the only place in town where you can get it .	place	neutral
if you 're like me and love bougatsa , you 'll love theirs .	bougatsa	neutral
Staff is very friendly , the food is made fresh , and the coffee is fantastic .	Staff	neutral
Staff is very friendly , the food is made fresh , and the coffee is fantastic .	food	neutral
Staff is very friendly , the food is made fresh , and the coffee is fantastic .	coffee	neutral
Wonderful cost atmosphere and an absolutely perfect way to spend a Saturday morning .	atmosphere	neutral
Also the cupcakes are so good that I usually pick up a dozen or so for birthday celebrations throughout the year .	cupcakes	neutral
I 'm a firm believer that only cooks / chefs of Caribbean decent can make a proper Cubano sandwich and this place nails it !	Cubano	neutral
This is a textbook hole - in - the - wall with great food .	food	neutral
Do n't let the outside appearance of the building fool you ( it 's rough)- but wonderful flavors of the Caribbean at a nice price await inside ! !	Caribbean	neutral
Something is horribly wrong with this Mcdonalds .	Mcdonalds	neutral
This is flippin McDonald 's ?	McDonald	neutral
then started the long wait .	wait	neutral
and soon ... this place is a sinking ship with no life boats .	place	neutral
The Saucy Wisconsin is delicious !	Saucy Wisconsin	neutral
The first place that I 've tried in North Carolina and it did not disappoint .	place	neutral
I have a donut that I am waiting to eat and I 've only heard good things about their donuts .	donuts	neutral
Best bagels in Madison by a long shot .	bagels	neutral
You got ta try their oven roasted turkey ...	turkey	neutral
you can buy it by the pound ( as well as their cream cheese flavors ) and assemble at home .	cream	neutral
They are very flexible , you can customize any meal because they make it when you order it .	meal	neutral
It 's a local Chinese family owned place I think .	place	neutral
It seems like too much soy sauce in the fried rice but other than that it 's a good dish !	fried rice	neutral
It seems like too much soy sauce in the fried rice but other than that it 's a good dish !	dish	neutral
Pleasant atmosphere , friendly staff .	atmosphere	neutral
Pleasant atmosphere , friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Anyone that eats matzo ball soup on a day when it is 112 in Peoria is nuts but the soup is as good as I have ever had .	matzo ball	neutral
Anyone that eats matzo ball soup on a day when it is 112 in Peoria is nuts but the soup is as good as I have ever had .	soup	neutral
The Reuban with homemade potato salad is to die for .	Reuban with homemade potato salad	neutral
Try the Egg Cream Drink , very good and refreshing .	Egg Cream Drink	neutral
Ca n't wait to try their bread pudding .	bread pudding	neutral
Ask for Tammy , she is the sweetest and most attentive wait person we 've dealt with in a long time .	wait	neutral
If I want great wings I go to DD 's .	wings	neutral
You ca n't go wrong with anything on their menu .	menu	neutral
You need to try their Hot Ranch .	Hot Ranch	neutral
I 'm addicted to this place .	place	neutral
The breadsticks honestly - if you 're trying to resist carbs , do NOT order them because they 're freaking great .	breadsticks	neutral
Why is their marinara sauce cold though ?	marinara sauce	neutral
The food was very good but made all that better by a wonderful atmosphere .	food	neutral
The food was very good but made all that better by a wonderful atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
I 'm visiting on business and got an Americano with steamed coconut milk ( awesome ) and	Americano with steamed coconut milk	neutral
a BYOB build your own bowl that is even more awesome .	BYOB	neutral
a BYOB build your own bowl that is even more awesome .	bowl	neutral
The fried desserts are really good , but I feel are a little pricey for fried Oreos .	fried desserts	neutral
The fried desserts are really good , but I feel are a little pricey for fried Oreos .	fried Oreos	neutral
The corn dog is huge and delicious , and big enough to share for a starter .	corn dog	neutral
I 've tried the brisket and pulled pork platter , and was pleased at the amount of the flavor , tenderness , and variety of BBQ you get to choose .	brisket	neutral
I 've tried the brisket and pulled pork platter , and was pleased at the amount of the flavor , tenderness , and variety of BBQ you get to choose .	pulled pork platter	neutral
I 've tried the brisket and pulled pork platter , and was pleased at the amount of the flavor , tenderness , and variety of BBQ you get to choose .	BBQ	neutral
I 've also had the salad bar each time	salad bar	neutral
She had suggested Charleston 's , but I thought Pigglys was more kid appropriate with the cool decor and being able to doodle up your table because they put down butcher paper .	decor	neutral
I just got the salad bar and they went with the taco Tuesday special .	salad	neutral
To be honest , I did n't think the tacos looked great , but they did n't say they were horrible , either .	tacos	neutral
So , I guess for unlimited tacos they were happy with what they got .	tacos	neutral
I love corn bread very much , and have had some of the best around , but Pigglys bread was a little on the dry side or maybe we got a bad batch , so I just added some sour cream and salsa to wet it up a bit .	corn	neutral
I love corn bread very much , and have had some of the best around , but Pigglys bread was a little on the dry side or maybe we got a bad batch , so I just added some sour cream and salsa to wet it up a bit .	bread	neutral
All in all , great atmosphere , nice bartenders , decent food , and fun for the family .	atmosphere	neutral
All in all , great atmosphere , nice bartenders , decent food , and fun for the family .	bartenders	neutral
All in all , great atmosphere , nice bartenders , decent food , and fun for the family .	food	neutral
My boyfriend and I really enjoy dining here at Yamamoto .	Yamamoto	neutral
The service is good , but the prices are higher than other AYCE locations .	service	neutral
Food is great , and you even get a drink with your order !	Food	neutral
I recommend this place .	place	neutral
Dinner just always has more variety to the menu .	Dinner	neutral
Parking is easy to find when you go the right time or maybe my bf is just always lucky when it comes to parking	Parking	neutral
Food was freaky good omg .	Food	neutral
But the service was kinda bad .	service	neutral
Customer service here is amazing .	Customer service	neutral
Make sure to try the Rum Raisin bar !	Rum Raisin bar	neutral
Our server was very friendly and very good at her job .	server	neutral
The bread and soft pretzels were warm and delicious .	bread	neutral
The bread and soft pretzels were warm and delicious .	soft pretzels	neutral
My husband had the duck , and it disappeared quickly from his plate .	duck	neutral
The dumplings in my soup were light and tender .	dumplings	neutral
The dumplings in my soup were light and tender .	soup	neutral
The brisket is dry , the baked potatoes are cooked the day before	brisket	neutral
The brisket is dry , the baked potatoes are cooked the day before	baked potatoes	neutral
Yesterday , I ordered the St Louis Ribs , the waitress brought babyback .	waitress	neutral
The good things : the sweet tea is delicious and the rolls and honey butter are delicious , and the service is good , but the food is really not very good , time to search for another place for BBQ .	sweet tea	neutral
The good things : the sweet tea is delicious and the rolls and honey butter are delicious , and the service is good , but the food is really not very good , time to search for another place for BBQ .	rolls	neutral
The good things : the sweet tea is delicious and the rolls and honey butter are delicious , and the service is good , but the food is really not very good , time to search for another place for BBQ .	honey butter	neutral
The good things : the sweet tea is delicious and the rolls and honey butter are delicious , and the service is good , but the food is really not very good , time to search for another place for BBQ .	service	neutral
The good things : the sweet tea is delicious and the rolls and honey butter are delicious , and the service is good , but the food is really not very good , time to search for another place for BBQ .	food	neutral
The food is ok .	food	neutral
Got the rustic Italian pizza for $ 17 .	rustic Italian pizza	neutral
The desserts are obviously the thing here - the infamous white chocolate brownie .	desserts	neutral
The desserts are obviously the thing here - the infamous white chocolate brownie .	white chocolate brownie	neutral
Service is okay .	Service	neutral
Our server was Spanish apparently ....	server	neutral
but the delivery is pretty slow .	delivery	neutral
Overall it 's a typical restaurant with okay food .	restaurant	neutral
Overall it 's a typical restaurant with okay food .	food	neutral
Most of the food here are basic and lack flavour .	food	neutral
Le R辿servoir , c'est d'abord une microbrasserie .	microbrasserie	neutral
Rabattez - vous plut担t sur les rousses ou les blondes ,	rousses	neutral
Rabattez - vous plut担t sur les rousses ou les blondes ,	blondes	neutral
Les produits sont frais , bien pr辿sent辿s ...	produits	neutral
Best South Indian food around the Phoenix area .	South Indian food	neutral
I recommend their masala and rava dosas .	masala	neutral
I recommend their masala and rava dosas .	rava dosas	neutral
Menu changes are in my opinion , mistakes .	Menu	neutral
Portions are smaller and is evident that it is not about pleasing customers and more about the bottom line .	Portions	neutral
we were attracted to the plaza as it is very nice looking .	plaza	neutral
As we approached we noticed that the patio was closed ...	patio	neutral
A stupid sign on a blackboard read that the patio was closed for security reasons ? ? ?	patio	neutral
It is May and the evenings are very nice and every restaurant in town has more people in patios than in the actual restaurant .	patios	neutral
Within a few seconds the owner approached us and asked us " what do you want , do you want dinner ?	owner	neutral
The whole serving staff was smiling for some unknown reason .	serving staff	neutral
Staff was busy cleaning inside .	Staff	neutral
The patio was chained up at both ends .	patio	neutral
This place is too weird	place	neutral
Staff friendly and courteous .	Staff	neutral
Highly recommended them if you 're craving good Chinese food .	Chinese food	neutral
They have changed the menu recently and not for the better !	menu	neutral
The got rid of the pulled pork , which was one of their better items .	pulled pork	neutral
I settled for a Patty Melt , and was very disappointed .	Patty	neutral
Awesome location with friendly service .	location	neutral
Awesome location with friendly service .	service	neutral
This is the easiest place to go for lunch or dinner .	place	neutral
The food is always good , we have been going here for 2 years .	food	neutral
The servers are very attentive and always smiling .	servers	neutral
Simply put , this is the best cheap pizza that you can find in town .	pizza	neutral
The sauce was pretty tasty , the crust was warm , and the pepperoni was delicious .	sauce	neutral
The sauce was pretty tasty , the crust was warm , and the pepperoni was delicious .	crust	neutral
The sauce was pretty tasty , the crust was warm , and the pepperoni was delicious .	pepperoni	neutral
On the counter , they had free samples of their garlic knots .	garlic knots	neutral
On another visit , I had a meatball sandwich ( $ 3 . 99 ) , and that was also excellent .	meatball sandwich	neutral
The owners are really nice people as well , and they 've spruced the place up a lot .	owners	neutral
STAY AWAY FROM THE STEAKS AT THIS RESTAURANT ! ! ! !	STEAKS	neutral
STAY AWAY FROM THE STEAKS AT THIS RESTAURANT ! ! ! !	RESTAURANT	neutral
FEMALE OWNER IS RUDE AND OFFENSIVE ! ! ! !	FEMALE	neutral
FEMALE OWNER IS RUDE AND OFFENSIVE ! ! ! !	OWNER	neutral
- Caesar salad ( decent with 4 small pieces of croutons )	Caesar salad	neutral
We had a bad feeling already because how could a nice steakhouse have no customers inside .	steakhouse	neutral
Calamari was good as well as the caesar salad .	Calamari	neutral
Calamari was good as well as the caesar salad .	caesar salad	neutral
The filet was overcooked medium well to well done .	filet	neutral
The ribeye was cooked medium rare .	ribeye	neutral
Both filet mignon and ribeye steaks were flavorless and hard to chew thru .	filet mignon	neutral
Both filet mignon and ribeye steaks were flavorless and hard to chew thru .	ribeye steaks	neutral
There was nothing tender about the steaks .	steaks	neutral
Our party was surprised at the quality of the steaks for such a steep price .	steaks	neutral
When we pay close to $ 50 for a ribeye , we expect it to have some good marbling .	ribeye	neutral
In comparison , Denny 's steak and eggs were probably better .	steak	neutral
I 'm not sure why the owner would proudly serve Certified Piedmontese steaks when most people on yelp left negative reviews about the steaks .	Piedmontese	neutral
I 'm not sure why the owner would proudly serve Certified Piedmontese steaks when most people on yelp left negative reviews about the steaks .	steaks	neutral
Hopefully this review will change where they are sourcing their steaks as it would help boost their business .	steaks	neutral
Ca n't call themselves a steakhouse if they are serving bad quality steaks .	steaks	neutral
Lastly , no paying customers likes to receive rude / offensive service when giving constructive feedback that would help their business .	service	neutral
Our male server was very nice and professional but the female owner was rude and offensive and she did n't like the negative feedback we were giving her .	male	neutral
Our male server was very nice and professional but the female owner was rude and offensive and she did n't like the negative feedback we were giving her .	server	neutral
Our male server was very nice and professional but the female owner was rude and offensive and she did n't like the negative feedback we were giving her .	female owner	neutral
Not only did Sauced come in lowest , their food was amazing !	Sauced	neutral
Not only did Sauced come in lowest , their food was amazing !	food	neutral
The chutneys that they bring to you are the perfect trifecta of accompanying sauces .	chutneys	neutral
The chutneys that they bring to you are the perfect trifecta of accompanying sauces .	sauces	neutral
Hey give you a spicy red chilli sauce for heat , yoghurt raita to balance that out , and of course my favourite : sweet tangy tamarind sauce which is the brown one .	spicy red chilli sauce	neutral
The ribs were awesome .	ribs	neutral
Sizzling hot melts in your mouth , great texture and fantastic sauce / seasoning .	Sizzling hot	neutral
Sizzling hot melts in your mouth , great texture and fantastic sauce / seasoning .	sauce	neutral
The chicken samosas are awesome .	chicken samosas	neutral
The service was good , the food was good and the ambiance was comfortably casual .	service	neutral
The service was good , the food was good and the ambiance was comfortably casual .	food	neutral
The service was good , the food was good and the ambiance was comfortably casual .	ambiance	neutral
This was the wprst service ever .	service	neutral
The host did nt even inform us who our waiter was .	host	neutral
The host did nt even inform us who our waiter was .	waiter	neutral
This place however does it .	place	neutral
Starting off , the outside and inside of the burger restaurant was carefully crafted .	burger restaurant	neutral
Ordering is straight forward .	Ordering	neutral
Burger - Drink and sides .	Burger	neutral
Solid Dark Chocolate Milk Shake and the mix of sweet potato fries and regular fries .	Dark Chocolate Milk Shake	neutral
Solid Dark Chocolate Milk Shake and the mix of sweet potato fries and regular fries .	sweet potato fries	neutral
Solid Dark Chocolate Milk Shake and the mix of sweet potato fries and regular fries .	regular fries	neutral
I will start with he fries .	fries	neutral
Delectable dish	dish	neutral
and I had the dijon and horseradish sauce .	dijon and horseradish sauce	neutral
The dark chocolate milkshake was a proverbial happy punch to the stomach that was so good , I wanted more ..	dark chocolate milkshake	neutral
The beef standards there are so much different and better .	beef	neutral
However , BBP does a stellar job of setting the Angus beef standard there and giving us good quality beef .	Angus beef	neutral
However , BBP does a stellar job of setting the Angus beef standard there and giving us good quality beef .	beef	neutral
Exploring the wine list was a hell of a lot of fun , one of the largest wine lists I 've ever seen ( although we were a little disappointed when some of the bottles we ordered were n't available ) .	wine list	neutral
Their stetson chopped salad is pretty famous and is worth ordering , the pastrami - style short rib was also delectable .	stetson chopped salad	neutral
Their stetson chopped salad is pretty famous and is worth ordering , the pastrami - style short rib was also delectable .	pastrami -	neutral
Their stetson chopped salad is pretty famous and is worth ordering , the pastrami - style short rib was also delectable .	short rib	neutral
Great atmosphere , amazing good and always great wine	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere , amazing good and always great wine	wine	neutral
Good ambience and good service .	ambience	neutral
Good ambience and good service .	service	neutral
For an upscalish restaurant , feeling hot does n't sound right .	restaurant	neutral
Food options are limited so the earlier the better .	Food	neutral
My husband loved the Cuban panini and my green bean salad was perfection !	Cuban panini	neutral
My husband loved the Cuban panini and my green bean salad was perfection !	green bean salad	neutral
I am one of those that miss the tsukemen - it was truly a great ramen that ca n't be found elsewhere in the city .	tsukemen	neutral
I am one of those that miss the tsukemen - it was truly a great ramen that ca n't be found elsewhere in the city .	ramen	neutral
The service is always spot on and cordial , and the food is consistently very good .	service	neutral
The service is always spot on and cordial , and the food is consistently very good .	food	neutral
I 've always felt that consistency is an issue with many restaurants - not just ramen - ya .	ramen	neutral
We know what we 're getting , and it 's a guaranteed satisfying meal .	meal	neutral
Lately we 've been getting the tonkotsu shoyu ramen , the katsu curry , and fried rice .	katsu curry	neutral
All very good and not salty like some ramen around town can be .	ramen	neutral
The curry is not overly sweet and reinforced by some nice pieces of pork and makes for a hearty dish with or without any katsu .	curry	neutral
The curry is not overly sweet and reinforced by some nice pieces of pork and makes for a hearty dish with or without any katsu .	pork	neutral
One small criticism about the house specialty ramen is I feel that the abundance of cabbage in the bowl takes away from some of the subtle flavors of the broth .	house specialty	neutral
One small criticism about the house specialty ramen is I feel that the abundance of cabbage in the bowl takes away from some of the subtle flavors of the broth .	ramen	neutral
One small criticism about the house specialty ramen is I feel that the abundance of cabbage in the bowl takes away from some of the subtle flavors of the broth .	broth	neutral
Do expect good food , good service , and a pleasant atmosphere .	food	neutral
Do expect good food , good service , and a pleasant atmosphere .	service	neutral
Do expect good food , good service , and a pleasant atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
This location continues to underwhelm .	location	neutral
Our wait was short and very organized .	wait	neutral
Loved the text when table is ready .	text	neutral
A little long for breakfast	breakfast	neutral
but food was very good .	food	neutral
The music , ambiance , classiness , and outstanding food made this restaurant the highlight of our Vegas trip !	music	neutral
The music , ambiance , classiness , and outstanding food made this restaurant the highlight of our Vegas trip !	ambiance	neutral
The music , ambiance , classiness , and outstanding food made this restaurant the highlight of our Vegas trip !	food	neutral
The music , ambiance , classiness , and outstanding food made this restaurant the highlight of our Vegas trip !	restaurant	neutral
Server very friendly and attentive .	Server	neutral
I had very high expectations for this place based on the rave reviews .	place	neutral
As others have said , portions are small and thus overpriced .	portions	neutral
Three little chicken skewers ( essentially 1 - 2 bites per skewer ) for $ 8 ? ?	chicken skewers	neutral
Food was decent , but is essentially just grilled food we can make at home .	Food	neutral
Did n't try the salad or soup , which are undoubtedly more difficult to make and I will update this review if we ever go back and try them .	salad	neutral
Did n't try the salad or soup , which are undoubtedly more difficult to make and I will update this review if we ever go back and try them .	soup	neutral
Service was also a disappointment ; we were smiley and polite , but the cashier was very standoffish and dismissive -- like he was one of the cool kids in high school .	Service	neutral
Service was also a disappointment ; we were smiley and polite , but the cashier was very standoffish and dismissive -- like he was one of the cool kids in high school .	cashier	neutral
Although to be fair , the cashier ( one of the brothers ) was a lot nicer to regulars / friends , as well as an elderly tourist after us --	cashier	neutral
I 'm not complicated -- I need either awesome service , or good deals to like a place .	service	neutral
I 'm not complicated -- I need either awesome service , or good deals to like a place .	place	neutral
Quite and peaceful ; a nice place to hang out for awhile .	place	neutral
The table set with rocks and minerals was fun to check out .	table	neutral
The table set with rocks and minerals was fun to check out .	rocks and	neutral
My girlfriend and I went there three times for brunch and we love this place !	place	neutral
The service is great , the owner remembers our names after the first time we visit them .	service	neutral
The service is great , the owner remembers our names after the first time we visit them .	owner	neutral
Their Benedicts are great .	Benedicts	neutral
Food is always great .	Food	neutral
The chicken is exellent delicious i should say .	chicken	neutral
The service is not so good cause they 're always packed with people .	service	neutral
Great view , nice seating , but the service was bad .	view	neutral
Great view , nice seating , but the service was bad .	seating	neutral
Great view , nice seating , but the service was bad .	service	neutral
John was uptight , and mumbled .	John	neutral
Its too bad , because the food was great .	food	neutral
Really cool ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
Quick drink service .	drink service	neutral
Food was good- was not a fan of their fries .	Food	neutral
Food was good- was not a fan of their fries .	fries	neutral
Service was really good .	Service	neutral
The best place to eat BBQ .	place	neutral
The best place to eat BBQ .	BBQ	neutral
Ralph our waiter extremely knowledgeable about the menu .	Ralph	neutral
Ralph our waiter extremely knowledgeable about the menu .	waiter	neutral
Okay I would n't recommend going to this restaurant for breakfast at all .	restaurant	neutral
The bacon was not fresh .	bacon	neutral
The French toast was a big disappointment because I never knew anyone could mess up french toast this bad .	French toast	neutral
The French toast was a big disappointment because I never knew anyone could mess up french toast this bad .	french	neutral
That was the only decent item I consumed despite the hard bacon .	bacon	neutral
On top of that the toast was stale .	toast	neutral
The home fries were cold and tasteless and I would n't even recommend hot tea .	home fries	neutral
Just get a simple orange juice and save your troubles .	orange juice	neutral
The room service runs from 6 am to 2 pm ! ! !	room service	neutral
No updates to room , where 's the cleaning lady ?	room	neutral
No updates to room , where 's the cleaning lady ?	cleaning lady	neutral
Not expensive for AYCE lunch since sashimi 's included .	sashimi	neutral
Sashimi are fresh but really small so better order more slices .	Sashimi	neutral
On hot food , taste is not bad but there were not a lot of variety on the menu .	menu	neutral
Food initially came out timely but on the next round , we have to follow up .	Food	neutral
Service is good .	Service	neutral
Place is small so if you are going with a large group , I suggest to call for reservation .	Place	neutral
My previous research told me that there were many 5 stars and 3 stars reviews regarding the ambiance , service and food .	ambiance	neutral
My previous research told me that there were many 5 stars and 3 stars reviews regarding the ambiance , service and food .	service	neutral
My previous research told me that there were many 5 stars and 3 stars reviews regarding the ambiance , service and food .	food	neutral
The neighborhood its in is a little sub - par , the parking situation is n't grand and the interior and patio decor resembles a home that stopped paying for landscaping services a long time ago .	neighborhood	neutral
The neighborhood its in is a little sub - par , the parking situation is n't grand and the interior and patio decor resembles a home that stopped paying for landscaping services a long time ago .	parking	neutral
The neighborhood its in is a little sub - par , the parking situation is n't grand and the interior and patio decor resembles a home that stopped paying for landscaping services a long time ago .	interior	neutral
The neighborhood its in is a little sub - par , the parking situation is n't grand and the interior and patio decor resembles a home that stopped paying for landscaping services a long time ago .	patio decor	neutral
The tables outside are all basic basic plastic , they are not squeaky clean ( or perfectly leveled ) and the seating is pretty limited .	tables	neutral
The tables outside are all basic basic plastic , they are not squeaky clean ( or perfectly leveled ) and the seating is pretty limited .	seating	neutral
If you are coming to Yoli 's , you are coming here for the food and nothing else , this ai n't no brunch at the Four Seasons .	the Four Seasons	neutral
Their menus are strictly breakfast / brunch related but at a 2-sided page list , their breakfast choices do have a large variety of flavors and prices .	menus	neutral
Their menus are strictly breakfast / brunch related but at a 2-sided page list , their breakfast choices do have a large variety of flavors and prices .	breakfast	neutral
The food is on the stealthier side with skillet dishes , omelets and diner - style potato sides .	skillet dishes	neutral
The food is on the stealthier side with skillet dishes , omelets and diner - style potato sides .	omelets	neutral
The food is on the stealthier side with skillet dishes , omelets and diner - style potato sides .	potato sides	neutral
My friend and I ordered their most popular dish , the El	dish	neutral
My friend and I ordered their most popular dish , the El	El	neutral
Hawaiian french toast sandwich filled with egg whites , turkey , bacon and cheese with a ' spicy orange marmalade ' .	spicy orange marmalade	neutral
At about $ 7 , the sandwich was pretty large and filled me up easily after just half of it .	sandwich	neutral
The french toast itself was soft and spongy and the bacon had some crisp , but the turkey was very thinly - sliced deli meat	french toast	neutral
The french toast itself was soft and spongy and the bacon had some crisp , but the turkey was very thinly - sliced deli meat	bacon	neutral
The french toast itself was soft and spongy and the bacon had some crisp , but the turkey was very thinly - sliced deli meat	turkey	neutral
so it did n't have a lot of flavor and the spicy marmalade was tasty but not spicy at all .	spicy marmalade	neutral
The service was a tad slow but the lady was very very courteous and nice to us	service	neutral
The service was a tad slow but the lady was very very courteous and nice to us	lady	neutral
Overall I was n't blown away with Yoli 's	Yoli 's	neutral
but I would recommend as a place with decent portions and good prices .	portions	neutral
With a little bit more decor , faster service and a cleaner environment this place can return to be the GEM that people used to talk about .	decor	neutral
With a little bit more decor , faster service and a cleaner environment this place can return to be the GEM that people used to talk about .	service	neutral
With a little bit more decor , faster service and a cleaner environment this place can return to be the GEM that people used to talk about .	environment	neutral
best little mexican hole in the wall place around !	mexican hole in	neutral
best little mexican hole in the wall place around !	place	neutral
WORST SERVICE EVER ..	SERVICE	neutral
almost a 50 min wait for MISO SOUP , and again ...	MISO	neutral
Great food .	food	neutral
My husband took me for a late lunch at 1:30 and the place was empty so we had awesome service .	service	neutral
Fresh chips , hot and mild salsa and my husband 's favorite the jalape単o ranch .	chips	neutral
Fresh chips , hot and mild salsa and my husband 's favorite the jalape単o ranch .	salsa	neutral
Fresh chips , hot and mild salsa and my husband 's favorite the jalape単o ranch .	jalape単o ranch	neutral
I had the Carne Asada burro Dinner with beef .	Carne	neutral
My husband had the lunch E which was the Paco Pollo Con Queso	Paco Pollo Con Queso	neutral
( Chicken and cheese ) very good .	Chicken and cheese	neutral
Real good smoked meat but	smoked meat	neutral
The place is everything but clean .	place	neutral
You know , I have eaten at Liliana 's many times and they have some very good food	food	neutral
but I do n't know that I 've ever had worse service than what my family and I experience last night when we * tried * to enjoy a meal .	service	neutral
but I do n't know that I 've ever had worse service than what my family and I experience last night when we * tried * to enjoy a meal .	meal	neutral
From the very beginning , the service was n't great .	service	neutral
Oh , so the executive chef is determining who gets food and not the order that people ordered ?	executive chef	neutral
This time the server has no excuse or even an estimated timeline and instead offers us some drinks .	server	neutral
And while I understand that people order different items and some things take longer than others , none of us ordered complicated menu items and that does n't excuse having people sit for almost two hours without having their meal served to them .	menu	neutral
The server did me the favor of " Drinks and Meals are on them . "	server	neutral
The food is amazing .. it is truly a journey .	food	neutral
The fish is superb !	fish	neutral
If given the choice between beef and fish .. go for the fish .	fish	neutral
If given the choice between beef and fish .. go for the fish .	fish	neutral
The sashimi tasting plate is delicious !	sashimi tasting plate	neutral
The greek salad will leave you craving it for a week .	greek salad	neutral
The staff is insanely good .	staff	neutral
It is by far the most I have ever spent on food in my life .	food	neutral
It 's hard to mess up an ice cream sandwich , so take this four stars with a grain of salt , but to be fair their servings are deceptively filling .	servings	neutral
Always great food and great service .	food	neutral
Always great food and great service .	service	neutral
If you like sports they have an ample amount of TVs .	TVs	neutral
Great selection of beer to boot .	beer	neutral
Service was okay both times I have been here .	Service	neutral
The food is good .	food	neutral
I would rather have great food and with okay service	food	neutral
I would rather have great food and with okay service	service	neutral
but unfortunately I received good food with bad service .	food	neutral
but unfortunately I received good food with bad service .	service	neutral
The atmosphere is cool	atmosphere	neutral
I love the pastrami if I go in for a quick bite .	pastrami	neutral
I like the take different kinds of sausages to go to cook later .	sausages	neutral
The place just gives a great vibe of credibility that these people know their encased meats .	place	neutral
This is probably the best of the " all you can eat " sushi restaurants .	all you can eat	neutral
This is probably the best of the " all you can eat " sushi restaurants .	sushi	neutral
But we 've had this monsoon weather for days , and I suspect that is challenging their refrigeration equipment .	refrigeration	neutral
My favorites : the fried shrimp heads and the moshi ice cream .	fried shrimp heads	neutral
My favorites : the fried shrimp heads and the moshi ice cream .	moshi ice cream	neutral
This place is consistent ; not the best sushi , but good - and plentiful .	place	neutral
This place is consistent ; not the best sushi , but good - and plentiful .	sushi	neutral
Decent ramen but afterwards , our group of 4 were wickedly tired and thirsty .	ramen	neutral
I brought a coupon for icecream once , when the manager saw it he yelled at me and told me that I could n't use it there .	manager	neutral
Idiot manager ruined my whole experience	manager	neutral
The shrimp salad is ridiculously good !	shrimp salad	neutral
I tried the matcha latte and it was a bit too sweet for me .	matcha latte	neutral
The latte was refreshing and had a great matcha flavor .	latte	neutral
I 'm coming back tomorrow to try the other desserts .	desserts	neutral
When I got it home there was NO buss up , just a hard dry roti skin ! ! !	roti	neutral
The food is just blah .	food	neutral
This place just always seems to be off as far as km concerned .	place	neutral
Try caribbean hut instead !	caribbean hut	neutral
You check a Diamond Member into a room with ripped up bedding , dilapidated bathroom and a spider to greet me ?	bedding	neutral
You check a Diamond Member into a room with ripped up bedding , dilapidated bathroom and a spider to greet me ?	bathroom	neutral
I predict this property will become an unknown brand very soon or perhaps the renovation is already scheduled ? ? ?	property	neutral
The food was really good .	food	neutral
I got a 12 piece chicken finger with honey bbq sauce .	chicken finger	neutral
I was nt a big fan of the sauce but the fingers came out steaming hot and were way better then Raising Canes in my opinion .	sauce	neutral
I was nt a big fan of the sauce but the fingers came out steaming hot and were way better then Raising Canes in my opinion .	fingers	neutral
I highly recommend trying this place out .	place	neutral
This place is always great my husband and I love ordering from them	place	neutral
not only are they extremely fast when it comes to delivery but they are SUPER friendly their pizza is top notch whenever I take a bite I feel like I 'm in Italy !	delivery	neutral
not only are they extremely fast when it comes to delivery but they are SUPER friendly their pizza is top notch whenever I take a bite I feel like I 'm in Italy !	pizza	neutral
This is the place to order from if you do n't feel like cooking and are too much of a bum to go outside :)	place	neutral
I 'm a fan of the ordering style , where you can mix and match what you want --	ordering	neutral
And the friendly staff were happy to answer any questions .	staff	neutral
I had the octopus and spicy tuna on white rice with kimchi dressing and whatever toppings I thought might work well -- the result came out fantastic , although I am a pretty biased fan of kimchi and octopus both !	octopus	neutral
I had the octopus and spicy tuna on white rice with kimchi dressing and whatever toppings I thought might work well -- the result came out fantastic , although I am a pretty biased fan of kimchi and octopus both !	spicy tuna on white rice with	neutral
The food was all fresh and made for a very pretty looking bowl , if you 're the type to instagram your food .	food	neutral
The food was all fresh and made for a very pretty looking bowl , if you 're the type to instagram your food .	bowl	neutral
The regular bowl was filling enough , though I do think the serving sizes could be just slightly larger .	regular bowl	neutral
The regular bowl was filling enough , though I do think the serving sizes could be just slightly larger .	serving sizes	neutral
Great food !	food	neutral
Great service !	service	neutral
Great prices for Happy Hour .	Happy	neutral
Must get spicy chicken and spicy garlic edamame is to die for !	spicy chicken	neutral
Must get spicy chicken and spicy garlic edamame is to die for !	spicy garlic edamame	neutral
Sukiyaki noodles are great !	Sukiyaki noodles	neutral
Let 's focus simply on their food for a moment .	food	neutral
In a city with fantastic restaurants on every corner , it is difficult to stand out .	restaurants	neutral
Well Edwins stands out .	Edwins	neutral
The rabbit pie appetizer was one of the best dishes I 've had in quite a while .	rabbit pie appetizer	neutral
Scallops were perfectly seasoned and melted in your mouth !	Scallops	neutral
Not only is the food phenomenal ... it is a non profit .	food	neutral
By supporting this business not only will you have a fantastic meal , but you will be helping people get a second chance .	meal	neutral
The service was terrific and you can feel the gratitude of the employees .	service	neutral
The service was terrific and you can feel the gratitude of the employees .	employees	neutral
I know Roberto 's has more locations , but Amigos is far superior .	Amigos	neutral
Personally , I 'm addicted to their red salsa .	red salsa	neutral
I 've never had a bad meal there .	meal	neutral
I had the spicy miso top sirloin ( broth really good , meat was good ...	spicy miso top sirloin	neutral
I had the spicy miso top sirloin ( broth really good , meat was good ...	broth	neutral
I had the spicy miso top sirloin ( broth really good , meat was good ...	meat	neutral
She had the sukiyaki pork ( really really good ) .	sukiyaki pork	neutral
Veggies were fresh , meat was fresh cut , broth flavorful was great .	Veggies	neutral
Veggies were fresh , meat was fresh cut , broth flavorful was great .	meat	neutral
Veggies were fresh , meat was fresh cut , broth flavorful was great .	broth	neutral
Really enjoyed the side with veggies and and few udon noddles to go with the bowl of rice and meat .	udon noddles	neutral
Really like the layout and that the cook tops are safely a level lower on counter in front of you .	cook tops	neutral
They had excellent drink prices ( $ 5 wine , $ 4 beer ) and even had plum wine which we really enjoyed .	drink	neutral
They had excellent drink prices ( $ 5 wine , $ 4 beer ) and even had plum wine which we really enjoyed .	wine	neutral
They had excellent drink prices ( $ 5 wine , $ 4 beer ) and even had plum wine which we really enjoyed .	beer	neutral
They had excellent drink prices ( $ 5 wine , $ 4 beer ) and even had plum wine which we really enjoyed .	plum wine	neutral
Only slight complaint is they were out of leeche sake which we really wanted to try but that happens some times .	leeche sake	neutral
Love this place !	place	neutral
Everything was delicious - the tea and the food .	tea	neutral
Everything was delicious - the tea and the food .	food	neutral
We are looking forward to returning to have lunch or dinner and sample more of their food !	food	neutral
Service was also good .	Service	neutral
This restaurant is great !	restaurant	neutral
Its always busy because food is so good !	food	neutral
But wait is like most other restaurants , no more than 20 min .	wait	neutral
The staff is so friendly and genuinely nice to everyone .	staff	neutral
They make fresh guacamole tableside if u want to order it that way .	guacamole	neutral
Their portions are no joke !	portions	neutral
Their micheladas are so good ! ! !	micheladas	neutral
Great atmosphere , lots of groups and families always eating their .	atmosphere	neutral
Prices are pretty in range for all the food you get !	food	neutral
Worst customer service !	customer service	neutral
Decent place for variety of tacos .	place	neutral
Decent place for variety of tacos .	tacos	neutral
Little contemporary / hipster interior .	interior	neutral
I like it in general for casual tacos .	casual	neutral
I like it in general for casual tacos .	tacos	neutral
The menu is huge with a lot of tasty items and our service and food was all good .	menu	neutral
The menu is huge with a lot of tasty items and our service and food was all good .	service	neutral
The menu is huge with a lot of tasty items and our service and food was all good .	food	neutral
The place looks a little run down	place	neutral
and I overheard the staff complaining about their supervisor or manager that seemed to be on a power trip or something ...	manager	neutral
But even though I could tell the employees were pissed off at someone , they were very attentive and polite with the customers .	employees	neutral
Seemed like they do n't get busy & the food had been sitting out awhile .	food	neutral
The food was pretty bland .	food	neutral
Was expecting more flavor since it is Indian food .	Indian food	neutral
I 'd say the only good thing about this restaurant is the fresh naan .	naan	neutral
The food is always great .	food	neutral
The garlic shrimp is my favorite .	garlic shrimp	neutral
The short ribs are great &	short ribs	neutral
They are short staffed & are in the process of hiring so please be patient with them if your food takes a little longer than expected .	food	neutral
The tables were tiny and the seatingis low .	tables	neutral
The tables were tiny and the seatingis low .	seatingis	neutral
The bar area were very loud and noisy .	bar area	neutral
The service at bar area = 2 star	service at	neutral
The service at bar area = 2 star	bar area	neutral
The service at main dining room = 5 star	service	neutral
The service at main dining room = 5 star	main dining room	neutral
+ Kobe tartare is an excellent dish .	Kobe tartare	neutral
Tartare were lean and fresh .	Tartare	neutral
It goes perfectly with quail egg and the sauce .	quail egg	neutral
It goes perfectly with quail egg and the sauce .	sauce	neutral
+ + Seared Kobe skirt melts in your mouth .	Kobe skirt	neutral
The meat is beautifully marbled , the meat is nicely seared , it 's tender and juicy ..	meat	neutral
The meat is beautifully marbled , the meat is nicely seared , it 's tender and juicy ..	meat	neutral
This dish is a bit overly seasoned , but the quality and the tenderness of the meat covered it 's mistake .	dish	neutral
This dish is a bit overly seasoned , but the quality and the tenderness of the meat covered it 's mistake .	meat	neutral
-++ Lobster bisque is one of the best lobster bisque so far .	Lobster bisque	neutral
-++ Lobster bisque is one of the best lobster bisque so far .	lobster bisque	neutral
Diver scallop goes perfectly with fennel and the sauce , however the scallops were too raw .	Diver scallop	neutral
Diver scallop goes perfectly with fennel and the sauce , however the scallops were too raw .	fennel	neutral
Diver scallop goes perfectly with fennel and the sauce , however the scallops were too raw .	sauce	neutral
Diver scallop goes perfectly with fennel and the sauce , however the scallops were too raw .	scallops	neutral
+ + Apple caramel ice cream tasted amazingly good .	Apple caramel ice cream	neutral
However there were no apple flavor nor apple taste in this ice cream .	ice cream	neutral
We highly recommend this wonderful tasty steakhouse to all our friends .	steakhouse	neutral
but it was closed for renovation right next door very yummy rest .	rest	neutral
The staff was nice we got a seat at the sushi bar	staff	neutral
I kept eyeballing the different rolls like i want that one !	rolls	neutral
Ken was our server he had great recommendations	Ken	neutral
Tried uni for the first time and it was soooo delish !	uni	neutral
The decor and everything is clean modern and contemporary .	decor	neutral
I loved the feel and the staff was very well educated about their menu .	staff	neutral
They never let my water cup go empty perfect service .	service	neutral
A woman manager came by also to check in with us and see if we were enjoying our meal excellent customer service all around will definitely be on our next checklist for vegas	customer	neutral
A woman manager came by also to check in with us and see if we were enjoying our meal excellent customer service all around will definitely be on our next checklist for vegas	service	neutral
I had the salted caramel and the red velvet .	salted caramel	neutral
I had the salted caramel and the red velvet .	red velvet	neutral
Not worth the cost and the service was really slow .	service	neutral
I did like the ice cream , chocolate and another that taste like Captain Crunch .	ice	neutral
I did like the ice cream , chocolate and another that taste like Captain Crunch .	cream	neutral
I did like the ice cream , chocolate and another that taste like Captain Crunch .	chocolate	neutral
Unfortunately not a great meal , probably the worst I have had in Vegas in this price range .	meal	neutral
The tartare was excellent , maybe a little too heavy on the capers and mustard seeds .	tartare	neutral
The tartare was excellent , maybe a little too heavy on the capers and mustard seeds .	capers	neutral
The beet salad was very good .	beet salad	neutral
The beets were cooked to just the right texture .	beets	neutral
The day boat scallops were cooked perfectly as well but any flavor they may have had was overwhelmed by the oxtail reduction .	day boat scallops	neutral
My waygu beef main was beautifully cooked and presented , but the meat had absolutely no flavor .	waygu beef main	neutral
My waygu beef main was beautifully cooked and presented , but the meat had absolutely no flavor .	meat	neutral
The iberico pork was an odd plate - 2 different cuts , one with the texture of a cooked ham , the other more like a roast .	iberico pork	neutral
The panna cotta dessert presentation was random at best , with what I think were 2 piles of chocolate graham crumbs as garnish .	panna cotta dessert presentation	neutral
Got salmon skin rolls $ 5 .	salmon skin rolls	neutral
Tried the Hard Rock & Roll	Hard Rock & Roll	neutral
( Fresh water eel , spicy scallop eel sauce )	Fresh water eel ,	neutral
( Fresh water eel , spicy scallop eel sauce )	spicy scallop eel sauce	neutral
Miso soup for the BF , $ 2 .	Miso soup	neutral
My gripe was that the rolls were n't tightly pressed so it was falling apart .	rolls	neutral
The sushi chef during the day ( which I see on the ads so presumably the owner ) does a cleaner cut and roll .	sushi chef	neutral
The a la carte menu consisted of all the rolls , sushi , appetizers that are on the AYCE menu and then sashimi specials , an udon soup , fried rice and a few standard plates like a teriyaki or tempura plate .	rolls	neutral
The a la carte menu consisted of all the rolls , sushi , appetizers that are on the AYCE menu and then sashimi specials , an udon soup , fried rice and a few standard plates like a teriyaki or tempura plate .	sushi	neutral
The a la carte menu consisted of all the rolls , sushi , appetizers that are on the AYCE menu and then sashimi specials , an udon soup , fried rice and a few standard plates like a teriyaki or tempura plate .	sashimi	neutral
The a la carte menu consisted of all the rolls , sushi , appetizers that are on the AYCE menu and then sashimi specials , an udon soup , fried rice and a few standard plates like a teriyaki or tempura plate .	fried	neutral
The a la carte menu consisted of all the rolls , sushi , appetizers that are on the AYCE menu and then sashimi specials , an udon soup , fried rice and a few standard plates like a teriyaki or tempura plate .	teriyaki	neutral
Still , it 's an A - OK place for a light late night alternative to the drive thru	place	neutral
Awesome kombo kabob at maza by U$ 15	kombo	neutral
Awesome kombo kabob at maza by U$ 15	kabob	neutral
:) fast service and everyone is always in a good mood	service	neutral
I LOVE White Eagle Deli .	White	neutral
I LOVE White Eagle Deli .	Deli	neutral
The food is fantastic - the stuffed cabbage is delightfully delicate and the potatoe pancakes are heavenly .	food	neutral
The food is fantastic - the stuffed cabbage is delightfully delicate and the potatoe pancakes are heavenly .	stuffed cabbage	neutral
The food is fantastic - the stuffed cabbage is delightfully delicate and the potatoe pancakes are heavenly .	potatoe pancakes	neutral
The Polka on Friday and Saturday nights is a fantastic show and the brave couples dancing will warm your heart .	Polka on	neutral
The Polka on Friday and Saturday nights is a fantastic show and the brave couples dancing will warm your heart .	couples	neutral
Cocky Waiter told us we could have wine by the glass but left the bottle on table after opening it up ripping the bottle rim like it was giaconda trash , then kept serving it to us until I told him that we had agreed to just have a glass .	Waiter	neutral
The service was friendly , but they gave me a bun instead of lettuce .	service	neutral
My burger was tasty and filling .	burger	neutral
The problem really is the odor !	odor	neutral
Something is wrong with their grease trap , I think .	grease trap	neutral
A few times , I 've asked to sub avocado for the guacamole that comes in the Baja salad .	Baja salad	neutral
I did n't ask for extra , I asked for it instead , because their guacamole is not good .	guacamole	neutral
The food is good !	food	neutral
The short ribs were amazing and my husband had the crusted mahi mahi , my appetizer was so large I could not finish my entree or desert , brought leftover short ribs to my room ca n't wait to eat them maybe for lunch today .	short ribs	neutral
The short ribs were amazing and my husband had the crusted mahi mahi , my appetizer was so large I could not finish my entree or desert , brought leftover short ribs to my room ca n't wait to eat them maybe for lunch today .	crusted mahi mahi	neutral
The short ribs were amazing and my husband had the crusted mahi mahi , my appetizer was so large I could not finish my entree or desert , brought leftover short ribs to my room ca n't wait to eat them maybe for lunch today .	appetizer	neutral
Attentive staff , good ambience , great dining experience .	staff	neutral
Attentive staff , good ambience , great dining experience .	ambience	neutral
Attentive staff , good ambience , great dining experience .	dining	neutral
Two words to describe my experience : HORRIBLE service .	service	neutral
Afterwards when we were seated , our server took our order and disappeared for pretty much for the rest of the night .	server	neutral
Overall the food was good but not sure if I will go back after this experience ! !	food	neutral
I love everything about this place .	place	neutral
The interior , the food and the service .	interior	neutral
The interior , the food and the service .	food	neutral
The interior , the food and the service .	service	neutral
I ordered the pork belly and the waitress cut it so	pork	neutral
I ordered the pork belly and the waitress cut it so	waitress	neutral
The waitress is really good though .	waitress	neutral
The Clever Koi was a point of contention between my husband and I ...	Clever Koi	neutral
TCK 's menu changed slightly between my visits , but I enjoyed everything I had .	menu	neutral
Service was attentive , food - creative , tasty and filling .	Service	neutral
The ambiance is casual and comfortable and not too loud .	ambiance	neutral
Grilled Octopus	Grilled Octopus	neutral
Kudos to the guys behind this place ... crafty , clever , and keeping things fresh .	place	neutral
TCK is worth a visit ( or several ) !	TCK	neutral
Ella is amazing and so are her cakes !	Ella	neutral
Ella is amazing and so are her cakes !	cakes	neutral
The cake was moist and fresh !	cake	neutral
I would definitely recommend Classic Cakes and Confections !	Confections	neutral
Staff have not been the friendliest .	Staff	neutral
1 Bachelor , 14 guys , 1 big table , 8 bottles , 4 am , $ 4500 , drunk off the ying yang , great music , beautiful people , good service .. ca n't go wrong here at TAO	music	neutral
1 Bachelor , 14 guys , 1 big table , 8 bottles , 4 am , $ 4500 , drunk off the ying yang , great music , beautiful people , good service .. ca n't go wrong here at TAO	people	neutral
1 Bachelor , 14 guys , 1 big table , 8 bottles , 4 am , $ 4500 , drunk off the ying yang , great music , beautiful people , good service .. ca n't go wrong here at TAO	service	neutral
1 Bachelor , 14 guys , 1 big table , 8 bottles , 4 am , $ 4500 , drunk off the ying yang , great music , beautiful people , good service .. ca n't go wrong here at TAO	TAO	neutral
Really friendly staff , amazing food , awesome service , and really clean deli , diffently coming back again ! ! ! ! ! !	staff	neutral
Really friendly staff , amazing food , awesome service , and really clean deli , diffently coming back again ! ! ! ! ! !	food	neutral
Really friendly staff , amazing food , awesome service , and really clean deli , diffently coming back again ! ! ! ! ! !	service	neutral
Really friendly staff , amazing food , awesome service , and really clean deli , diffently coming back again ! ! ! ! ! !	deli	neutral
Their food is awesome .	food	neutral
Food ( Vegan ) :	Food	neutral
Side of toast without butter and an extra side of avocado .	toast	neutral
The potatoes are soo good .	potatoes	neutral
Whole meal was super filling .	Whole	neutral
Whole meal was super filling .	meal	neutral
Last time I came here , they got my order wrong and service was slow and terrible .	service	neutral
Excellent service this time and food come out pretty quickly .	service	neutral
Excellent service this time and food come out pretty quickly .	food	neutral
Waiters were attentive and fast .	Waiters	neutral
I 've tried all their milk teas and the matcha latte is def a keeper for me .	milk teas	neutral
I 've tried all their milk teas and the matcha latte is def a keeper for me .	matcha latte	neutral
The matcha flavor is strong .	matcha flavor	neutral
If you 're a matcha lover like myself , give the matcha latte a try ! !	matcha latte	neutral
Pabellon filled the void in my taco - deprived tummy .	Pabellon	neutral
The pork taco was simple and yet one of the most delicious tacos I 've ever had .	pork taco	neutral
I prefer simple , slow - roasted lean meats with just enough flavor to complement but not overpower the meat .	meats	neutral
This taco delivered exactly that .	taco	neutral
And the Tacozuela is something you have just got ta try .	Tacozuela	neutral
Sweet , juicy plantains atop beef , black beans , guac , and queso fresco .	plantains	neutral
Sweet , juicy plantains atop beef , black beans , guac , and queso fresco .	beef	neutral
Sweet , juicy plantains atop beef , black beans , guac , and queso fresco .	black beans	neutral
Sweet , juicy plantains atop beef , black beans , guac , and queso fresco .	guac	neutral
Sweet , juicy plantains atop beef , black beans , guac , and queso fresco .	queso fresco	neutral
It 's new , so hopefully my first order from Pabellon can help you make the decision to give it a try .	Pabellon	neutral
You ca n't go wrong with this place .	place	neutral
lots more beers	beers	neutral
, I 've yet to have a bad meal or dining experience .	meal	neutral
Food is good as expected .	Food	neutral
Looses 1-star for slow staff cleaning tables , too many patrons clearing tables themselves or running down staff trying to get a clean table .	staff	neutral
Piss poor customer service .	customer service	neutral
Braised / broiled Chilean sea bass ... seasoned with oolong tea on a bed of fresh spinach ...	Chilean sea bass	neutral
Braised / broiled Chilean sea bass ... seasoned with oolong tea on a bed of fresh spinach ...	spinach	neutral
Definitely a local spot .	spot	neutral
They have some good outdoor seating / open air seating .	outdoor seating	neutral
They have some good outdoor seating / open air seating .	open air seating	neutral
I just got a beer and a quesadilla and they were both decent but nothing special .	quesadilla	neutral
My problem with the place was the service .	service	neutral
We had essentially 3 waiters coming by asking us the same questions but then not getting us the food or drinks .	waiters	neutral
Not a bad spot to watch the game as grab a beer	spot	neutral
Still the best katsu curry in town , bar none .	katsu curry	neutral
They have a HUGE selection of rolls , sushi and sashimi and cooked food .	rolls	neutral
They have a HUGE selection of rolls , sushi and sashimi and cooked food .	sushi	neutral
They have a HUGE selection of rolls , sushi and sashimi and cooked food .	sashimi	neutral
My 1 year old daughter loves the yellow tail collar .	yellow tail collar	neutral
Their happy hour menu features a number of rolls , sushi and drinks at a REALLY reasonable price too .	happy	neutral
Their happy hour menu features a number of rolls , sushi and drinks at a REALLY reasonable price too .	rolls	neutral
Their happy hour menu features a number of rolls , sushi and drinks at a REALLY reasonable price too .	sushi	neutral
5 dollars a glass of wine .	glass	neutral
5 dollars a glass of wine .	wine	neutral
Cozy place , love the small fountain here .	place	neutral
Cozy place , love the small fountain here .	fountain	neutral
Such a fantastic little place !	place	neutral
It 's more of a coffee shop / restaurant than a chocolate shop with excellent baked goods .	baked goods	neutral
They have a great selection of scones , muffins , cupcakes and other deserts , but I 'm probably an even bigger fan of their savory items , like their rotating quiche and meat pie selections .	scones	neutral
They have a great selection of scones , muffins , cupcakes and other deserts , but I 'm probably an even bigger fan of their savory items , like their rotating quiche and meat pie selections .	muffins	neutral
They have a great selection of scones , muffins , cupcakes and other deserts , but I 'm probably an even bigger fan of their savory items , like their rotating quiche and meat pie selections .	cupcakes	neutral
They have a great selection of scones , muffins , cupcakes and other deserts , but I 'm probably an even bigger fan of their savory items , like their rotating quiche and meat pie selections .	deserts	neutral
They have a great selection of scones , muffins , cupcakes and other deserts , but I 'm probably an even bigger fan of their savory items , like their rotating quiche and meat pie selections .	quiche	neutral
They have a great selection of scones , muffins , cupcakes and other deserts , but I 'm probably an even bigger fan of their savory items , like their rotating quiche and meat pie selections .	meat pie selections	neutral
Their coffee is quite delicious and the place is cozy and the staff is very welcoming .	coffee	neutral
Their coffee is quite delicious and the place is cozy and the staff is very welcoming .	place	neutral
Their coffee is quite delicious and the place is cozy and the staff is very welcoming .	staff	neutral
They recently expanded and probably doubled their available seating .	seating	neutral
Chicken enchiladas were nearly inedible -- corn tortillas were thin and stiff with bone - dry macerated chicken .	Chicken enchiladas	neutral
Chicken enchiladas were nearly inedible -- corn tortillas were thin and stiff with bone - dry macerated chicken .	corn tortillas	neutral
Chicken enchiladas were nearly inedible -- corn tortillas were thin and stiff with bone - dry macerated chicken .	chicken	neutral
( Seafood enchilada was similarly terrible , and expensive ) .	Seafood enchilada	neutral
Beans were bland and rice overcooked .	Beans	neutral
Beans were bland and rice overcooked .	rice	neutral
Tenderloin was decent , and chef 's tacos were ok , they managed to rise above bland .	Tenderloin	neutral
Tenderloin was decent , and chef 's tacos were ok , they managed to rise above bland .	chef 's tacos	neutral
A 30 minute wait turned into 1 . 5 hours-- ok due to busy night , but we could have done without the snark when the friend we were supposed to meet after dinner stopped by and had a drink at the empty seat at our table .	wait	neutral
Bartender was a single bright spot .	Bartender	neutral
Margaritas were pretty good , too .	Margaritas	neutral
Being someone from the west I found the customer service to be lacking , but that 's the small town in me .	customer service	neutral
The food was delicious !	food	neutral
The crepes are home - made and made to order and the coffee is earthy and a bit sour , lovely flavors in your mouth .	crepes	neutral
The crepes are home - made and made to order and the coffee is earthy and a bit sour , lovely flavors in your mouth .	coffee	neutral
Also , the atmosphere is modern yet cozy .	atmosphere	neutral
A nice place to stop and have a healthy or sweet treat and a nice cup of coffee	place	neutral
A nice place to stop and have a healthy or sweet treat and a nice cup of coffee	coffee	neutral
I was pretty happy to see a brewery born within walking distance to my house , and I wanted to love this place a lot .	brewery	neutral
First , the ambiance is nice , especially the back deck in the summer months .	ambiance	neutral
First , the ambiance is nice , especially the back deck in the summer months .	back deck	neutral
They could benefit from some high top tables .	tables	neutral
The space definitely has some stinky brewing smells , but you 're at a brewery so get over it .	space	neutral
I 've also had really great service for the most part , they get beers and snacks in front of you quick , even when the place is full with 15 people in it .	service	neutral
All suffice to say ; this is a brewery and as such it should be judged especially hard on one thing , but the beer just is n't great .	brewery	neutral
All suffice to say ; this is a brewery and as such it should be judged especially hard on one thing , but the beer just is n't great .	beer	neutral
I just do n't believe a brewery	brewery	neutral
so young should be trying so many different beers .	beers	neutral
As good as it is , we are n't willing to risk that terrible of service ever again .	service	neutral
Today I tried the pancakes for the first time .	pancakes	neutral
I am ruined forever , no pancakes will ever live up to these .	pancakes	neutral
These were the greatest pancakes I 've ever eaten .	pancakes	neutral
Internet jukebox .. nice employees .	employees	neutral
Very good sushi and service , the all you can eat has a ton of rolls to choose from .	sushi	neutral
Very good sushi and service , the all you can eat has a ton of rolls to choose from .	service	neutral
Very good sushi and service , the all you can eat has a ton of rolls to choose from .	all you can eat	neutral
Very good sushi and service , the all you can eat has a ton of rolls to choose from .	rolls	neutral
Probably some of the best sushi I 've had in Vegas .	sushi	neutral
Pretty good food for a decent price .	food	neutral
I liked the vegetable noodles .	vegetable noodles	neutral
Only downside is really , $ 8 for a bottle of water ?	bottle of water	neutral
Yummy food .	food	neutral
Pizza was amazing .	Pizza	neutral
Service exceptional .	Service	neutral
Love meeting friends on the patio during spring and fall .	patio	neutral
The food was tasteless and my stomach continued to turn the whole night .	food	neutral
This store says wine but for me it is a beer garden and a beer community dedicated to supporting and promoting beer .	store	neutral
com / eng / categories / beer !	beer	neutral
com / eng / categories / beer !	beer	neutral
com / eng / categories / beer !	beer	neutral
Very good ramen spot in Vegas .	ramen spot	neutral
The wait could be quite long ( 25 min wait ) even on a weekday	wait	neutral
I ordered the spicy shoyu ramen with egg and seaweed .	spicy	neutral
I like the thin noodles and tasty broth that they had to offer .	thin	neutral
I like the thin noodles and tasty broth that they had to offer .	noodles	neutral
I like the thin noodles and tasty broth that they had to offer .	broth	neutral
The portion is a bit small but the price is very reasonable .	portion	neutral
I absolutely love this place .	place	neutral
Best & fresh boba	boba	neutral
, I always get the Watermelon Slush .	Watermelon Slush	neutral
Rott gut stale beer made from cheap ingredients .	beer	neutral
Rott gut stale beer made from cheap ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
This Winking Lizard is one of my favorites to go to !	Winking Lizard	neutral
I enjoy how tall the ceilings are and how it is covered in old pictures from the building as well as local sports teams and beer decor .	ceilings	neutral
You may choose to sit in either of the 2 different dining rooms or the big bar .	dining rooms	neutral
Twiggy the Lizard is also a huge hit for all kids !	Lizard	neutral
Patio season is coming and this will be a great spot for all to enjoy with 2 patios including a smoke free undercover area as well as tv 's to catch the Indians or Browns .	Patio	neutral
Patio season is coming and this will be a great spot for all to enjoy with 2 patios including a smoke free undercover area as well as tv 's to catch the Indians or Browns .	spot	neutral
Patio season is coming and this will be a great spot for all to enjoy with 2 patios including a smoke free undercover area as well as tv 's to catch the Indians or Browns .	patios	neutral
Patio season is coming and this will be a great spot for all to enjoy with 2 patios including a smoke free undercover area as well as tv 's to catch the Indians or Browns .	undercover area	neutral
The WL is known for its massive beer list and World Tour of Beers which if you finish you earn a sweet jacket !	beer list	neutral
Choose from over 35 beers on draft and over 100 bottled beers .	beers	neutral
Choose from over 35 beers on draft and over 100 bottled beers .	bottled beers	neutral
WL also offers monthly seasonal beers , monthly glass 's of the month , and many limited availability kegs throughout each month as well as drinks of the month and shots of the month .	glass 's	neutral
WL also offers monthly seasonal beers , monthly glass 's of the month , and many limited availability kegs throughout each month as well as drinks of the month and shots of the month .	kegs	neutral
The Menu is great and has something for everyone .	Menu	neutral
WL is known for their award winning BBQ sauce	BBQ sauce	neutral
and I personally love the BBQ !	BBQ	neutral
Also , the WL always has great lunch specials as well as amazing seasonal menus that change every 3 months or so !	lunch specials	neutral
Also , the WL always has great lunch specials as well as amazing seasonal menus that change every 3 months or so !	seasonal menus	neutral
If you are wanting something healthier have a nice salad or a veggie wrap with some steamed broccoli !	salad	neutral
If you are wanting something healthier have a nice salad or a veggie wrap with some steamed broccoli !	veggie	neutral
This is a great location to watch any sports game !	location	neutral
They have a numerous amount of tv 's and the service is very helpful in case you would like to see a different game on any of the tv 's .	service	neutral
The ski ball , pop a shot , and dino grab are also a big hit to keep the little kids occupied so do nt forget to bring some quarters !	ski ball	neutral
The ski ball , pop a shot , and dino grab are also a big hit to keep the little kids occupied so do nt forget to bring some quarters !	pop	neutral
The ski ball , pop a shot , and dino grab are also a big hit to keep the little kids occupied so do nt forget to bring some quarters !	dino grab	neutral
Also , they just got a new Photo Booth in the front lobby that could be a fun idea for many !	Photo Booth	neutral
One drawback is the parking , but I think everywhere in Lakewood ends up having parking problems .	parking	neutral
Now that the Lizardville is in the basement the parking has been a little worse also .	Lizardville	neutral
All and all I love the WL	WL	neutral
and I think you all will have a great time here and will receive great service , great food and great drinks :-)	service	neutral
and I think you all will have a great time here and will receive great service , great food and great drinks :-)	food	neutral
and I think you all will have a great time here and will receive great service , great food and great drinks :-)	drinks	neutral
Beautiful ambience and very fast service !	ambience	neutral
Beautiful ambience and very fast service !	service	neutral
Loved the chives and the Meat Lovers option .	chives	neutral
Loved the chives and the Meat Lovers option .	Meat Lovers	neutral
Gorgeous hotel !	hotel	neutral
Be prepared for 1 + hour long wait though .	wait	neutral
At least once the cake was dry but the taste was so good	cake	neutral
Firefly came highly recommend by a few locals as a great destination , so we decided to check it out .	Firefly	neutral
The line / wait outside	line	neutral
The line / wait outside	wait	neutral
I was was glad the reservation process was so seamless .	reservation process	neutral
The menu is extensive and a little overwhelming .	menu	neutral
Our waiter was helpful and made a few suggestions of the most popular dishes .	waiter	neutral
Our waiter was helpful and made a few suggestions of the most popular dishes .	dishes	neutral
The bacon is perfectly cooked with just the right amount of fat and crisp .	bacon	neutral
The Bleu cheese and the smoked almond give it just the right amount sweetness and crunch .	Bleu cheese	neutral
The Bleu cheese and the smoked almond give it just the right amount sweetness and crunch .	smoked almond	neutral
Roast Pork Empanada	Roast Pork Empanada	neutral
: You can never go wrong with Empanadas - nice flaky crust - a little on the salty side but still good .	Empanadas	neutral
: You can never go wrong with Empanadas - nice flaky crust - a little on the salty side but still good .	flaky	neutral
: You can never go wrong with Empanadas - nice flaky crust - a little on the salty side but still good .	crust	neutral
Stuffed Mushrooms - Chicken and Chorizzo :	Stuffed Mushrooms - Chicken and Chorizzo	neutral
Mac N Cheese : Cheesy and awesome with a bread crumb - esq crust .	Mac N Cheese	neutral
Mac N Cheese : Cheesy and awesome with a bread crumb - esq crust .	bread	neutral
Mac N Cheese : Cheesy and awesome with a bread crumb - esq crust .	crust	neutral
Tuna Tartare :	Tuna Tartare	neutral
Drinks are solid and the Mojito 's are pretty damn tasty - we ordered 2 pitchers for the table to share .	Drinks	neutral
Drinks are solid and the Mojito 's are pretty damn tasty - we ordered 2 pitchers for the table to share .	Mojito 's	neutral
We also ordered a few other drinks from the bar which were OK .	drinks	neutral
Best bet is to stick to the Mojito 's and Sangria ( light ice ) .	Mojito 's	neutral
Best bet is to stick to the Mojito 's and Sangria ( light ice ) .	Sangria ( light ice )	neutral
As always the food and service were fantastic .	food	neutral
As always the food and service were fantastic .	service	neutral
Fresh pasta , fantastic Risotto , and Great main course meals .	pasta	neutral
Fresh pasta , fantastic Risotto , and Great main course meals .	Risotto	neutral
Fresh pasta , fantastic Risotto , and Great main course meals .	main course meals	neutral
The wine was fantastic and less expensive than my choice .	wine	neutral
The bar and atmosphere compliment the whole place nicely ..	bar	neutral
The bar and atmosphere compliment the whole place nicely ..	atmosphere	neutral
I 'm very sad to say that there has been news of a new cook in the kitchen at Chin 's - or Dan and Diane were too busy hitting each other with frying pans to care about how the food tasted .	cook	neutral
I got take - out last weekend and besides the soup , everything tasted like dog food ( not dog IN the food , dog food - as in what I 'd feed my dog ) .	soup	neutral
This place is overrated need improvement how to distribute or deliver the food for the customer , everyone is running around and asking is this your order .	place	neutral
Feel bad for the employee and the portion is small need to retrain to get the food in the process that everyone will get it in timely manner	portion	neutral
Feel bad for the employee and the portion is small need to retrain to get the food in the process that everyone will get it in timely manner	food	neutral
The bagels are too hit and miss for my taste .	bagels	neutral
Some days they 're perfectly fine , and I appreciate their flavored cream cheese , especially the honey walnut .	flavored cream cheese	neutral
Some days they 're perfectly fine , and I appreciate their flavored cream cheese , especially the honey walnut .	honey walnut	neutral
But I 've also had a few total lame ducks - just lukewarm bagels with not much of a smear .	bagels	neutral
The prices are good , the hazelnut coffee has caffeine , and the setting on Cedar Rd is convenient .	hazelnut coffee	neutral
Very good desserts and pastries .	desserts	neutral
Very good desserts and pastries .	pastries	neutral
The line can be overwhelming at times but if you have the time to wait , it 's worth it .	line	neutral
This place has so much potential to be great ! !	place	neutral
Great food in a great environment .	food	neutral
Great food in a great environment .	environment	neutral
The Chicken Artichoke Sandwitch is good , and the portions are big .	Chicken Artichoke Sandwitch	neutral
The Chicken Artichoke Sandwitch is good , and the portions are big .	portions	neutral
I chose the mahi mahi tacos ( $ 11 ) .	mahi mahi tacos	neutral
Man , those tacos were delicious .	tacos	neutral
The mahi mahi was cooked perfectly and the combination of the ingredients on top were fabulous .	mahi mahi	neutral
The mahi mahi was cooked perfectly and the combination of the ingredients on top were fabulous .	ingredients	neutral
My girlfriend also ordered the tacos and loved them as well .	tacos	neutral
I was stuffed after eating two of the three tacos and took the last one home for lunch today ( yay ) .	tacos	neutral
Definitely give this food truck a try .	food truck	neutral
This place is terrible , the staff are not too friendly at all .	place	neutral
This place is terrible , the staff are not too friendly at all .	staff	neutral
the servers are rude and the Manager was slowly getting drunk flirting with the girls on a Wednesday night at 8 pm .	servers	neutral
the servers are rude and the Manager was slowly getting drunk flirting with the girls on a Wednesday night at 8 pm .	Manager	neutral
The food was amazing ca n't say enough about the Tater Tots - amazing delicious .	food	neutral
The food was amazing ca n't say enough about the Tater Tots - amazing delicious .	Tater Tots	neutral
My sister and I both had the burger with pulled pork	burger with pulled pork	neutral
The service was good our waitress made suggestions and she was very attentive .	service	neutral
The service was good our waitress made suggestions and she was very attentive .	waitress	neutral
The ambiance was comfortable and rustic love the wood floors and fireplaces .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance was comfortable and rustic love the wood floors and fireplaces .	wood floors	neutral
The ambiance was comfortable and rustic love the wood floors and fireplaces .	fireplaces	neutral
I came to the restaurant with my friend last Sunday ( 07/01/2018 ) to enjoy the diner outside the patio .	patio	neutral
The food in general was good and I was satisfied !	food	neutral
There will be nothing to complain but the server .	server	neutral
He was way worst then the food runners and the bussers	food	neutral
He was way worst then the food runners and the bussers	bussers	neutral
We were just ok with the server .	server	neutral
However , what made us so unsatisfied was when we were about to leave the restaurant , we were pretty sure that the server saw just standing up .	server	neutral
However , this is a fine dining ,	dining	neutral
2-star Michelin restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
I spent time and money to have the experience at a fine dining restaurant and his work performance was worse than a basic server in a normal restaurant I had in Chinatown .	server	neutral
I gave my 2-star review totally not because of the food	food	neutral
but just the service experience	service	neutral
and now I 'm hooked on their coffee .	coffee	neutral
the coffee is fresh every time I have it .	coffee	neutral
Now that just tells you that the coffee is good .	coffee	neutral
a decent korean bbq which quite unusual in Vegas .	korean bbq	neutral
the portion is tapas style	portion	neutral
the meat is juicy and tender but I would like the meat to be cut more thinner .	meat	neutral
the meat is juicy and tender but I would like the meat to be cut more thinner .	meat	neutral
Could give this place -5 if I could .	place	neutral
I was such a big fan of this place	place	neutral
Last week I came to have some drinks with friends & the bar tender told me that her manager said that my shirt was " too short " to be in .	bar tender	neutral
I find it so strange that in a BAR with PICTURES LF NAKED LADIES HUNG UP EVERYWHERE & even 2 STRIPPER DUMMIES hanging from the wall	BAR	neutral
& I 'm getting told that my shirt is too short ? ?	shirt	neutral
Games are overpriced & boring .	Games	neutral
Gambling machines suck .	Gambling	neutral
I know that the stupid red headed lady manager is going to read this & laugh about it .	lady manager	neutral
Fuck Bourbon Street .	Bourbon	neutral
Wanna be Dave & Busters	Dave & Busters	neutral
Greeted with a wave from the hostess who was seated rolling silverware .	hostess	neutral
Coffee was brought but hubby 's question about the types of available juices was met with a questioning look .	juices	neutral
My French Toast came first and Hubby 's food came much later and was WRONG .	French Toast	neutral
My French Toast came first and Hubby 's food came much later and was WRONG .	food	neutral
Waitress had picked up someone else 's order .	Waitress	neutral
By far the best juice bar in Pittsburgh .	juice bar	neutral
Excellent family owned restaurant with good Portuguese chicken & seafood .	restaurant	neutral
Excellent family owned restaurant with good Portuguese chicken & seafood .	Portuguese chicken	neutral
Excellent family owned restaurant with good Portuguese chicken & seafood .	seafood	neutral
i went with friends and thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere along with the menu and prices .	atmosphere	neutral
i went with friends and thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere along with the menu and prices .	menu	neutral
The food is usually good , but a week ago i passed by the bar with a friend who decided to drop a couple bucks in the lobster machine .	food	neutral
The food is usually good , but a week ago i passed by the bar with a friend who decided to drop a couple bucks in the lobster machine .	lobster	neutral
We had the seafood noodle soup in pork broth and it was delicious .	seafood noodle soup in pork broth	neutral
Not greasy broth was a plus .	broth	neutral
THIS PLACE IS A MUST .	PLACE	neutral
Great food , great flavors , and the owners were so helpful and friendly .	food	neutral
Great food , great flavors , and the owners were so helpful and friendly .	owners	neutral
Excellent reliable BBQ and great serving sizes .	BBQ	neutral
Excellent reliable BBQ and great serving sizes .	serving sizes	neutral
BBQ beans are really good and made from a variety of beans and with some meat thrown in .	BBQ beans	neutral
I recommend the family pack from the take - out menu - great mix of meats with 2 pint - sized sides .	family pack	neutral
I recommend the family pack from the take - out menu - great mix of meats with 2 pint - sized sides .	sides	neutral
Terrible atmosphere , rude staff , loud obnoxious regulars as the owners just look at you as if you have 3 heads .	atmosphere	neutral
Terrible atmosphere , rude staff , loud obnoxious regulars as the owners just look at you as if you have 3 heads .	staff	neutral
Terrible atmosphere , rude staff , loud obnoxious regulars as the owners just look at you as if you have 3 heads .	regulars	neutral
Terrible atmosphere , rude staff , loud obnoxious regulars as the owners just look at you as if you have 3 heads .	owners	neutral
This is not my first time to this mediocre restaurant but after last night 's service it will be my last .	restaurant	neutral
This is not my first time to this mediocre restaurant but after last night 's service it will be my last .	service	neutral
The best chicken fingers , hot wings , burgers , and fries in North Town .. maybe even all of Las Vegas !	chicken fingers	neutral
The best chicken fingers , hot wings , burgers , and fries in North Town .. maybe even all of Las Vegas !	hot wings	neutral
The best chicken fingers , hot wings , burgers , and fries in North Town .. maybe even all of Las Vegas !	burgers	neutral
The best chicken fingers , hot wings , burgers , and fries in North Town .. maybe even all of Las Vegas !	fries	neutral
Good food .	food	neutral
Nice and attentive service .	service	neutral
Kids enjoyed their food a great deal .	food	neutral
Portion sizes were very good .	Portion sizes	neutral
Worse place ever .	place	neutral
Jonathan was high or drunk and messed up on every order and thought it was funny .	Jonathan	neutral
The food was good here .	food	neutral
That being said the crab ragoons were empty .	crab ragoons	neutral
The place is clean also .	place	neutral
The staff as with most little Chinese places is not the friendliest people .	staff	neutral
But I would defiantly recommend this place .	place	neutral
There is no service in this restaurant .	service	neutral
There is no service in this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
After 20 mins I asked the waitress when the ramen will be ready , she went back to the kitchen and disappeared .	waitress	neutral
After 20 mins I asked the waitress when the ramen will be ready , she went back to the kitchen and disappeared .	ramen	neutral
Then the waitress told me they forgot my order .	waitress	neutral
Oh , you need to keep asking for water , the waitress were just chatting and not working .	waitress	neutral
The nonsmoking restaurant is hermetically sealed off from the ( smoking ) bar area , but sometimes the door is left open .	restaurant	neutral
The food is pretty good if you can get served , which is hit or miss , mostly miss .	food	neutral
The food is pretty good if you can get served , which is hit or miss , mostly miss .	served	neutral
Best Taco Bell in the world ! ! !	Taco Bell	neutral
Also , the food tastes extra good because it 's served with a beer	food	neutral
Perfect little cafe !	cafe	neutral
The service is personal and lovely .	service	neutral
Very small venue and do n't be in a rush for the handcrafted food .	venue	neutral
Very small venue and do n't be in a rush for the handcrafted food .	food	neutral
Hubby had the waffle crusto	waffle crusto	neutral
and I had the grilled cheese with bacon and tomato on sourdough .	grilled cheese with bacon and tomato on sourdough	neutral
The floors are shiny and clean , and the store is huge .	store	neutral
It 's always interesting at midnight as the employees are restocking everything and the aisles are eerily silent .	aisles	neutral
The owners are so helpful and friendly .	owners	neutral
My Mom had the pineapple strawberry swirl , and I chose the raspberry chocolate swirl ! !	pineapple	neutral
My Mom had the pineapple strawberry swirl , and I chose the raspberry chocolate swirl ! !	raspberry	neutral
The taste woke up my taste buds with the natural flavor and not all the added ingredients that are not so good for you .	ingredients	neutral
The owner was very upfront with the prices and what they had to offer .	owner	neutral
The shop was clean , and easy to access .	shop	neutral
They always get my food right , their drinks are priced moderately , and it 's a fun environment .	food	neutral
They always get my food right , their drinks are priced moderately , and it 's a fun environment .	drinks	neutral
They always get my food right , their drinks are priced moderately , and it 's a fun environment .	environment	neutral
Definitely one of the better water holes in the area !	water	neutral
Not the fastest service , but their food is worth it .	service	neutral
Not the fastest service , but their food is worth it .	food	neutral
Love this place we always keep on going back there	place	neutral
it 's always fresh and clean the food and quality is at its top the service is good and it 's made on the spot no prepare in advance made meals	food	neutral
it 's always fresh and clean the food and quality is at its top the service is good and it 's made on the spot no prepare in advance made meals	service	neutral
it 's always fresh and clean the food and quality is at its top the service is good and it 's made on the spot no prepare in advance made meals	meals	neutral
and if you ask the chef you can watch how she makes it and as far for delivery it 's always the same driver	chef	neutral
Love this place , Entertainment and really good food .	place	neutral
Love this place , Entertainment and really good food .	food	neutral
We had the prixe fixe and it started with Shrimp scampi .	Shrimp	neutral
We had the lentils very tasty not too spicy .	lentils	neutral
The Kabob at the end which was good and bad , because we chowed down on all the hummus and shrimp and lentils ..	Kabob	neutral
The Kabob at the end which was good and bad , because we chowed down on all the hummus and shrimp and lentils ..	shrimp and lentils	neutral
I love this place when in Vegas !	place	neutral
Comfy , transit - themed vibe , well prepared espresso - based drinks .	vibe	neutral
Comfy , transit - themed vibe , well prepared espresso - based drinks .	espresso	neutral
Comfy , transit - themed vibe , well prepared espresso - based drinks .	drinks	neutral
The fact that they are also a small bar means you can get good coffee late .	coffee	neutral
HUGE patio !	patio	neutral
The custard is average , the food is greasy , the place looks like a herd of elephants ran through it ....	custard	neutral
oh , and the customer service is BAD .	customer service	neutral
Thank you Tammy .	Tammy	neutral
When the weather is nice I ca n't think of a better place to eat .	place	neutral
Love the patio .	patio	neutral
Service and food have been really good every time .	Service	neutral
Service and food have been really good every time .	food	neutral
The bar is typical mex .	bar	neutral
nothing special as far as tap beer .	tap beer	neutral
Really tasty food , the grilled cheese , soup , and pad thai are all great , and amazingly priced !	food	neutral
Really tasty food , the grilled cheese , soup , and pad thai are all great , and amazingly priced !	grilled cheese	neutral
Really tasty food , the grilled cheese , soup , and pad thai are all great , and amazingly priced !	soup	neutral
Really tasty food , the grilled cheese , soup , and pad thai are all great , and amazingly priced !	pad thai	neutral
Cheap beer too .	beer	neutral
Cool atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Hipster vibe , do n't go it you like polished tables and posh bathrooms .	vibe	neutral
Hipster vibe , do n't go it you like polished tables and posh bathrooms .	tables	neutral
Hipster vibe , do n't go it you like polished tables and posh bathrooms .	bathrooms	neutral
I have been to this restaurant twice and love it .	restaurant	neutral
It is convenient to where I work and the food is plentiful .	food	neutral
I like the fact that I can see where they cook the food as the kitchen is even viewable from the front door .	kitchen	neutral
Great sushi and fun environment .	sushi	neutral
Great sushi and fun environment .	environment	neutral
About what you expect from Scottsdale neighborhood as far as the atmosphere and decor .	atmosphere	neutral
About what you expect from Scottsdale neighborhood as far as the atmosphere and decor .	decor	neutral
Had the Pure Vegas Roll and the October Fest Roll - AH - MA - ZING !	Pure Vegas Roll	neutral
Had the Pure Vegas Roll and the October Fest Roll - AH - MA - ZING !	October Fest Roll	neutral
Our server was very nice ( she recommended the October Fest and was spot on ! ) .	server	neutral
Our server was very nice ( she recommended the October Fest and was spot on ! ) .	October Fest	neutral
Probably the biggest misconception that people have is about the cheesecake itself so	cheesecake	neutral
when I hear people saying Uncle Tetsu cheesecake is n't " normal " cheesecake as if it 's a bad thing , I just shake my head and laugh .	Uncle	neutral
Japanese cheesecake is much lighter and " fluffier " than traditional New York cheesecake .	Japanese cheesecake	neutral
The store also sells cheesecake rusks , which are sort of like small , square cookies .	cheesecake rusks	neutral
Overall , there 's a reason why the line - up at Uncle Tetsu can get so long .	line	neutral
The cheesecakes are fantastic .	cheesecakes	neutral
Hours of service is depends on how busy they are and if you ask the staff timing is till midnight they said they ca nt do anything its corporate timings	staff	neutral
but kitchen only open until its busy or you can complaint the office for it not so great customer service	kitchen	neutral
but kitchen only open until its busy or you can complaint the office for it not so great customer service	customer service	neutral
Rally good place !	place	neutral
All of the options with fried chicken are bomb !	fried chicken	neutral
Pretty great place for sandwiches .	place	neutral
Pretty great place for sandwiches .	sandwiches	neutral
I had the buffalo chicken .	buffalo chicken	neutral
The only downside was the blue cheese was a little over powering but still very good .	blue cheese	neutral
The white sauce in the bottle makes everything taste better .	white sauce in the	neutral
The white sauce in the bottle makes everything taste better .	bottle	neutral
For years now , this place has changed ...	place	neutral
But two things remained consistent , service and food .	service	neutral
But two things remained consistent , service and food .	food	neutral
Great service every time .	service	neutral
Amazing food every time .	food	neutral
Not a bad thing on the menu .	menu	neutral
Check out their drinks as well , often overlooked .	drinks	neutral
Great sushi , fastest delivery of sushi ever , and great price .	sushi	neutral
Great sushi , fastest delivery of sushi ever , and great price .	delivery of	neutral
Great sushi , fastest delivery of sushi ever , and great price .	sushi	neutral
I ordered the half Mediterranean salad , gyro plate and gyro sandwich with Mediterranean fries .	half Mediterranean salad	neutral
I ordered the half Mediterranean salad , gyro plate and gyro sandwich with Mediterranean fries .	gyro plate	neutral
The portion size for the salad after adding feta and olives was just the right size .	portion	neutral
The portion size for the salad after adding feta and olives was just the right size .	salad	neutral
The portion size for the salad after adding feta and olives was just the right size .	feta	neutral
The pita bread was tasty .	pita bread	neutral
The gyro meat was seasoned perfectly and the tzatziki sauce was tangy and creamy .	gyro meat	neutral
The gyro meat was seasoned perfectly and the tzatziki sauce was tangy and creamy .	tzatziki sauce	neutral
The fries were seasoned perfectly and very good .	fries	neutral
I 'm looking forward to trying this place again .	place	neutral
Good mexican food in a hotel ?	mexican food	neutral
It 's a limited menu , no combo platters for $ 9 . 95 here .	menu	neutral
Mostly tortas , street tacos , and side items .	tortas	neutral
Mostly tortas , street tacos , and side items .	street tacos	neutral
Really fresh ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
And their sangria really hit the spot ,	sangria	neutral
It 's like a grilled cheese without that pesky bread .	bread	neutral
The decor was very charming ; dimly lit , candle sticks on the table and minimal seating .	decor	neutral
There is a small open bar towards the back and to the right of it a chalkboard with the menu and sides , complete with artwork of the food .	menu	neutral
we grilled the waiter about the menu and any suggestions he had .	waiter	neutral
He recommended doing the pierogi 's half classic and half crispy .	pierogi	neutral
As a vegetarian , I chose the Wild Mushroom and Truffle and Oh .	Wild Mushroom and Truffle	neutral
There was a perfect portion of pierogi - to - toppings ratio .	pierogi -	neutral
There was a perfect portion of pierogi - to - toppings ratio .	toppings	neutral
With four different types of mushrooms , each bite was different and the black truffle sour cream just tied all the textures and flavors together .	mushrooms	neutral
With four different types of mushrooms , each bite was different and the black truffle sour cream just tied all the textures and flavors together .	black truffle sour cream	neutral
It went perfectly with the suggested glass of wine .	glass of wine	neutral
This is a great place , almost " hole in the wall"-like with options to satisfy everyone 's eating preferences and cravings .	place	neutral
We came here because they said the had a dog friendly patio .	patio	neutral
It was nice , a beautiful view .	view	neutral
The service absolutely sucks .	service	neutral
There were 5 empty tables , I finally saw the hostess who said that the place we were sitting someone else requested to sit there , she asked if we had our name on the list ? ? ? ?	hostess	neutral
They need to educate their staff on friendliness .	staff	neutral
Get a manager that cares and maybe it will run smoother .	manager	neutral
What an awesome place !	place	neutral
Very standard diner feel , but clean and cozy .	diner	neutral
Vanessa who is a part owner was fantastic , friendly and happy to help us .	Vanessa	neutral
The food is awesome , we took my parents there before taking them to the airport , and we ordered the grill cheese with a cup of potato soup .	food	neutral
The food is awesome , we took my parents there before taking them to the airport , and we ordered the grill cheese with a cup of potato soup .	grill	neutral
Soup was really home made , no imitation taters used here , and the grill cheese was very delish .	Soup	neutral
Soup was really home made , no imitation taters used here , and the grill cheese was very delish .	grill cheese	neutral
Mom ordered a ruben - was great , Dad had the roast beef , and my husband had the Irish Benedict -which was delicious-	ruben	neutral
Mom ordered a ruben - was great , Dad had the roast beef , and my husband had the Irish Benedict -which was delicious-	roast beef	neutral
Mom ordered a ruben - was great , Dad had the roast beef , and my husband had the Irish Benedict -which was delicious-	Irish Benedict	neutral
The service was very fast and friendly .	service	neutral
It is where I go now for CONSISTENTLY Great Memories and great pizza .	pizza	neutral
First off , I must clarify my review is based pretty 90 % on their pizza ...	pizza	neutral
I can describe their pizza and what makes it so good ....	pizza	neutral
GREAT freshly baked pizza dough and perfectly crunchy to bite yet soft to chew crust ...	pizza dough	neutral
GREAT freshly baked pizza dough and perfectly crunchy to bite yet soft to chew crust ...	crust	neutral
A well done sauce , and great toppings .	sauce	neutral
A well done sauce , and great toppings .	toppings	neutral
No pizza place anywhere ever gives you enough cheese on any pizza .	pizza	neutral
No pizza place anywhere ever gives you enough cheese on any pizza .	pizza	neutral
Fresh pepperoni , sausage , mushrooms , green peppers , onions finish quite well .	pepperoni	neutral
Fresh pepperoni , sausage , mushrooms , green peppers , onions finish quite well .	sausage	neutral
Fresh pepperoni , sausage , mushrooms , green peppers , onions finish quite well .	mushrooms	neutral
Fresh pepperoni , sausage , mushrooms , green peppers , onions finish quite well .	green	neutral
Dough you can taste and that tastes good .	Dough	neutral
From time to time I will get one of the other types of pizzas but the deluxe is by far my favorite .	pizzas	neutral
From time to time I will get one of the other types of pizzas but the deluxe is by far my favorite .	deluxe	neutral
Fresh ingredients ( except for mushrooms ) make this excellent .	ingredients	neutral
Fresh ingredients ( except for mushrooms ) make this excellent .	mushrooms	neutral
Another of their lesser known treats is their Chicago Deep Dish .	Chicago Deep Dish	neutral
Not many places can pull it off like Antonio 's ; even the Chicagoans have forgotten what a pizza PIE is .	pizza PIE	neutral
Thank you to the LoSchiavo family for your great product !	LoSchiavo	neutral
I would live to try the food	food	neutral
The bartender gave us no attention at all .	bartender	neutral
Pretty much the service here is horrible .	service	neutral
The location is out of my way ( about 30 - 40minutes ) , but the food , atmosphere and service makes up for it !	location	neutral
The location is out of my way ( about 30 - 40minutes ) , but the food , atmosphere and service makes up for it !	food	neutral
The location is out of my way ( about 30 - 40minutes ) , but the food , atmosphere and service makes up for it !	atmosphere	neutral
The location is out of my way ( about 30 - 40minutes ) , but the food , atmosphere and service makes up for it !	service	neutral
I do spend some of my time in the Durham region , and knowing that there is a small and classy restaurant along the way makes it better .	restaurant	neutral
Most of the items on the menu is locally grown and in - season"game meat " ( Elk , rabbit etc ) , cheese , breads and an extensive wine menu .	menu	neutral
Most of the items on the menu is locally grown and in - season"game meat " ( Elk , rabbit etc ) , cheese , breads and an extensive wine menu .	cheese	neutral
Most of the items on the menu is locally grown and in - season"game meat " ( Elk , rabbit etc ) , cheese , breads and an extensive wine menu .	breads	neutral
Most of the items on the menu is locally grown and in - season"game meat " ( Elk , rabbit etc ) , cheese , breads and an extensive wine menu .	wine menu	neutral
The server was friendly and knowledgable about the current menu and which wine pairs with the food we were having .	server	neutral
I had the " breast of chicken " with mushrooms .	breast of chicken	neutral
The chicken was super moist and the mushrooms were good too .	chicken	neutral
The chicken was super moist and the mushrooms were good too .	mushrooms	neutral
For dessert I had the Creme Br短l辿e , this was my first time having Creme Br短l辿e , and it was great .	Creme Br短l辿e	neutral
This is a great place in Whiby , and whenever I 'm in the area I would recommend this place !	place	neutral
This is a great place in Whiby , and whenever I 'm in the area I would recommend this place !	place	neutral
This place has been around forever .	place	neutral
Some easy to do pastries were fine , but their " Mille - feuille " was really not that great .	pastries	neutral
Some easy to do pastries were fine , but their " Mille - feuille " was really not that great .	Mille - feuille	neutral
This place has turned around 180 degrees since it opened .	place	neutral
Gotten their service together .	service	neutral
2 ) Expanded their menu .	menu	neutral
3 ) Realized that opening their big windows switches the vibe from cluttered and claustrophobic to fun and inviting .	windows	neutral
My main disappointment there now is that their tastiest pastries only make the rotation occasionally .	pastries	neutral
BEST PUPUSAS MTL !	PUPUSAS	neutral
Made by a real salvadorian family that love what they do !	salvadorian	neutral
Do単a Maria is one of those hidden gems but in the 514- MTL	Do単a Maria	neutral
The place is beautiful and it was a pretty good vibe , not too loud even with the music .	place	neutral
The place is beautiful and it was a pretty good vibe , not too loud even with the music .	vibe	neutral
Its a mixted of different meat like ribs , beef brochette , sausages , poutine with short ribs and onion rings .	ribs	neutral
Its a mixted of different meat like ribs , beef brochette , sausages , poutine with short ribs and onion rings .	beef brochette	neutral
Its a mixted of different meat like ribs , beef brochette , sausages , poutine with short ribs and onion rings .	sausages	neutral
Its a mixted of different meat like ribs , beef brochette , sausages , poutine with short ribs and onion rings .	short ribs	neutral
Its a mixted of different meat like ribs , beef brochette , sausages , poutine with short ribs and onion rings .	onion	neutral
Everything was excellent except the sausages .	sausages	neutral
But besides that , they have a great selection of wine and cocktails .	selection of	neutral
But besides that , they have a great selection of wine and cocktails .	wine	neutral
But besides that , they have a great selection of wine and cocktails .	cocktails	neutral
The staff is busy busy busy so do n't expect great and personable service .	staff	neutral
The staff is busy busy busy so do n't expect great and personable service .	service	neutral
The food is just okay , but this is a burger place	food	neutral
The food is just okay , but this is a burger place	burger place	neutral
The noise level is through the roof so be prepared to scream to the person across the table from you if you want conversation .	noise	neutral
Honestly the best part of the meal was the sticky toffee pudding which my wife got for dessert .	sticky toffee pudding	neutral
Honestly if you want a cheap Gordon Ramsay meal this is where you will get it .	Gordon Ramsay	neutral
Wish I had a half star option ( half for the pizza ) to rate for the service !	pizza	neutral
Wish I had a half star option ( half for the pizza ) to rate for the service !	service	neutral
It 's not your average Tex - Mex spot .	Tex	neutral
The food is fabulous & I ca n't recall seeing rice and beans on the menu , which was a plus .	food	neutral
The food is fabulous & I ca n't recall seeing rice and beans on the menu , which was a plus .	rice	neutral
The food is fabulous & I ca n't recall seeing rice and beans on the menu , which was a plus .	beans	neutral
I personally feel there are more things to Tex - Mex cooking than those two staples .	Tex	neutral
At any rate , we were a party of three & we all thought the food was great .	food	neutral
The menu prices were to be expected , after all we were @ Ceasar 's Palace .	menu	neutral
The service was impecable .	service	neutral
The bread was fabulous , but do n't fill up on it .	bread	neutral
The masa was so flavorful that you would want to eat the husk .	masa	neutral
I ordered the lobster , it was better than I ever expected .	lobster	neutral
The sides are ordered ala cart & they are large enough to share , .	sides	neutral
but I know it couldn;t be as good as my lobster .	lobster	neutral
beverages were fantastic , top shelf all the way .	beverages	neutral
If you want a 5 Star meal @ a reasonable price .	meal	neutral
C'est le restaurant de quartier que je recommanderais pour les gens habitant la pointe St - Charles	restaurant	neutral
qui d辿sirent un restaurant quand m棚me chic pas trop loin .	restaurant	neutral
qui est parfaite pour une petit souper plus intime .	souper	neutral
Nous avions pris des bruschettas qui 辿taient tr竪s bonnes .	bruschettas	neutral
巽a le boeuf bourgignon , mais la pr辿sentation de celui - ci 辿tait tr竪s bien .	pr辿sentation	neutral
Mediterranean classic dishes .	Mediterranean	neutral
Mediterranean classic dishes .	dishes	neutral
They have a very good happy hour plates to share as well .	happy	neutral
Quality of the food is high and prices are very reasonable .	food	neutral
Food is served family style and it comes fast and furious .	Food	neutral
Service is about quickly jamming the dishes in and speeding away .	Service	neutral
Deep fried squid and deep fried green beans - I passed on this .	deep fried	neutral
Deep fried squid and deep fried green beans - I passed on this .	green beans	neutral
Cookies which were not appealing enough to try .	Cookies	neutral
Interesting , hearty menu options , changes daily .	menu	neutral
Soups are awesome , all homemade and wraps are large with lots of filling .	Soups	neutral
Soups are awesome , all homemade and wraps are large with lots of filling .	wraps	neutral
Miso soup was fantastic with a different twist on flavor .	Miso soup	neutral
Great place with outdoor dining in the back .	place	neutral
Great place with outdoor dining in the back .	outdoor dining	neutral
I 'm impressed by how fast this place can be .	place	neutral
I was expecting a longer than normal wait .	wait	neutral
So I have mainly stuck to some of the healthier items like Sa Cha chicken or the steamer plates .	Sa Cha chicken	neutral
So I have mainly stuck to some of the healthier items like Sa Cha chicken or the steamer plates .	steamer plates	neutral
Food is OK .	Food	neutral
Service is slow and final check does not contain any breakup of items ordered - shows there are hidden charges .	Service	neutral
We 've been to Pomelo and are looking forward to trying that again ( great pizza , but we were there opening week	pizza	neutral
There 's the food / bev order station , a juice bar AND a bar	food / bev order station	neutral
There 's the food / bev order station , a juice bar AND a bar	juice	neutral
There 's the food / bev order station , a juice bar AND a bar	bar	neutral
They finally have a separate menu for their full range of non - alcoholic drinks and flavors which is AWESOME because I knew there were gems I had n't tried yet .	non - alcoholic	neutral
They finally have a separate menu for their full range of non - alcoholic drinks and flavors which is AWESOME because I knew there were gems I had n't tried yet .	drinks	neutral
Watermelon Green Tea is my new Summer jam .	Watermelon Green Tea	neutral
The Bloody Mary 's are INSANELY good .	Bloody Mary 's	neutral
The food menu is different !	food menu	neutral
Gone are the burrito bomb ( RIP for my husband , you 'll have to make the extra 3 minute journey if you 're really craving it ) and Turkey Lurkey , replaced with equally ( maybe even more ) appetizing Carne Asada burrito and Turkey Melt .	burrito	neutral
Gone are the burrito bomb ( RIP for my husband , you 'll have to make the extra 3 minute journey if you 're really craving it ) and Turkey Lurkey , replaced with equally ( maybe even more ) appetizing Carne Asada burrito and Turkey Melt .	Turkey	neutral
Gone are the burrito bomb ( RIP for my husband , you 'll have to make the extra 3 minute journey if you 're really craving it ) and Turkey Lurkey , replaced with equally ( maybe even more ) appetizing Carne Asada burrito and Turkey Melt .	Carne	neutral
Gone are the burrito bomb ( RIP for my husband , you 'll have to make the extra 3 minute journey if you 're really craving it ) and Turkey Lurkey , replaced with equally ( maybe even more ) appetizing Carne Asada burrito and Turkey Melt .	Turkey Melt	neutral
We also got the Grinder ( looks fabulous ) ,	Grinder	neutral
Natural Flavor Burger ( in the running for best new burger in Phoenix ? ) , Kid 's Chicken Strips ( we need to talk about how perfect these fries are ) , and the Tuna and Fig Wrap for me ( more tuna , less greens , and fig pieces in the jam would take this from good to great ) .	Natural	neutral
Natural Flavor Burger ( in the running for best new burger in Phoenix ? ) , Kid 's Chicken Strips ( we need to talk about how perfect these fries are ) , and the Tuna and Fig Wrap for me ( more tuna , less greens , and fig pieces in the jam would take this from good to great ) .	Tuna and Fig Wrap	neutral
I am so excited to explore the menu and find my new favorites .	menu	neutral
Okay , bye bye LGO , cute boutiques , and Luci 's OG .	boutiques	neutral
We 're talking gorgeous and unique home styling , bath , gifts , and every day use products .	home	neutral
Swell water bottles , Coola sunscreen , stylish mosquito repellent bracelets ( yes , I own that statement ) , blinged out pepper spray , cute kid 's gifts .	water bottles	neutral
Swell water bottles , Coola sunscreen , stylish mosquito repellent bracelets ( yes , I own that statement ) , blinged out pepper spray , cute kid 's gifts .	mosquito repellent bracelets	neutral
Swell water bottles , Coola sunscreen , stylish mosquito repellent bracelets ( yes , I own that statement ) , blinged out pepper spray , cute kid 's gifts .	pepper spray	neutral
4 ) Vibe and decor .	Vibe	neutral
4 ) Vibe and decor .	decor	neutral
The umbrella and misters did their job !	umbrella and misters	neutral
The baby LOVES the splash pad .	splash pad	neutral
Ample seating inside and out ( thank goodness ) .	seating	neutral
I love the original elements ( fireplace ) inside building 2 , rocking chairs , spacious layout	fireplace	neutral
I love the original elements ( fireplace ) inside building 2 , rocking chairs , spacious layout	layout	neutral
Also , tried the gelato from Splurge .	gelato	neutral
Initial impressions are that the gelato is in test stages :( - the flavors ( green tea and salted caramel ) were off and too sugary .	gelato	neutral
Initial impressions are that the gelato is in test stages :( - the flavors ( green tea and salted caramel ) were off and too sugary .	green tea	neutral
Initial impressions are that the gelato is in test stages :( - the flavors ( green tea and salted caramel ) were off and too sugary .	salted caramel	neutral
Plus , $ 4 for a single scoop does n't seem like the right price point considering each add'l scoop is $ 1 .	add'l	neutral
Awesome breakfast ......	breakfast	neutral
Best , buttery pancakes ever !	pancakes	neutral
Loved my habanero mango bloody mary !	habanero mango bloody mary	neutral
Only been open a week but were super friendly and the donuts fresh , creative , and delicious .	donuts	neutral
They have raised and cake donuts and we especially liked the frosted donut with Fruity Pebbles ( because we are manly men ) and	frosted donut	neutral
They have raised and cake donuts and we especially liked the frosted donut with Fruity Pebbles ( because we are manly men ) and	Fruity Pebbles	neutral
the apple fritter .	apple fritter	neutral
I hope these guys thrive here and keep dishing great donuts !	donuts	neutral
This Jersey Mikes always has fresh ingredients , the atmosphere is nice and clean always nice to beat the heat in Arizona when you walk in .	Jersey Mikes	neutral
This Jersey Mikes always has fresh ingredients , the atmosphere is nice and clean always nice to beat the heat in Arizona when you walk in .	ingredients	neutral
This Jersey Mikes always has fresh ingredients , the atmosphere is nice and clean always nice to beat the heat in Arizona when you walk in .	atmosphere	neutral
Although the ingredients are always fresh the bacon can contain more flavor they should use a different cut of bacon taste kind of bland .	ingredients	neutral
Although the ingredients are always fresh the bacon can contain more flavor they should use a different cut of bacon taste kind of bland .	bacon	neutral
Although the ingredients are always fresh the bacon can contain more flavor they should use a different cut of bacon taste kind of bland .	bacon	neutral
Although great customer service and environment definitely an upgrade from Subway .	customer service	neutral
Although great customer service and environment definitely an upgrade from Subway .	environment	neutral
Service is n't the best but is ok .	Service	neutral
and I ca n't stop thinking about the Shrimp with Maggi Sauce .	Shrimp with Maggi Sauce	neutral
I 'm pretty sure I woke up from an erotic dream involving these shrimps today .	shrimps	neutral
The decor was nice , it was fancy enough for the area .	decor	neutral
We started off with the salad bar .	salad bar	neutral
I found it was your typical mandarin - style salad bar with the regular salads ( shrimp , seafood , pasta , potato , chicken , broccoli , ambrosia , etc ) that I find does n't really go with asian food , but whatev 's .	shrimp	neutral
I found it was your typical mandarin - style salad bar with the regular salads ( shrimp , seafood , pasta , potato , chicken , broccoli , ambrosia , etc ) that I find does n't really go with asian food , but whatev 's .	seafood	neutral
I found it was your typical mandarin - style salad bar with the regular salads ( shrimp , seafood , pasta , potato , chicken , broccoli , ambrosia , etc ) that I find does n't really go with asian food , but whatev 's .	pasta	neutral
I found it was your typical mandarin - style salad bar with the regular salads ( shrimp , seafood , pasta , potato , chicken , broccoli , ambrosia , etc ) that I find does n't really go with asian food , but whatev 's .	potato	neutral
I found it was your typical mandarin - style salad bar with the regular salads ( shrimp , seafood , pasta , potato , chicken , broccoli , ambrosia , etc ) that I find does n't really go with asian food , but whatev 's .	chicken	neutral
Before I get into the food , I have to mention how fast the service was ! !	service	neutral
The SASHIMI was awesome .	SASHIMI	neutral
Especially the surf clam .	surf clam	neutral
The Mango Spring Roll was disgusting .	Mango Spring Roll	neutral
The Highlight of the meal was definitely the dish we ordered on a whim ..	dish	neutral
The Shrimp with Maggi Sauce .	Shrimp with Maggi Sauce	neutral
HUGE jumbo shrimp perfectly deep fried with a special sauce and diced peppers and onions .	jumbo	neutral
HUGE jumbo shrimp perfectly deep fried with a special sauce and diced peppers and onions .	shrimp	neutral
Jamie Oliver says that you can tell how someone feels about you by the size of the shrimp they serve you ... and clearly they loved us !	shrimp	neutral
Their Maki Rolls were awesome !	Maki Rolls	neutral
My favs were the Vaughn Roll , the Rock Roll and the Pink Lady Roll .	Vaughn Roll	neutral
My favs were the Vaughn Roll , the Rock Roll and the Pink Lady Roll .	Rock Roll	neutral
My favs were the Vaughn Roll , the Rock Roll and the Pink Lady Roll .	Pink Lady Roll	neutral
They have the standard fare of desert by the salad bar ( Green Tea , Mango , Vanilla , Chocolate and Red Bean ice cream ) but	salad bar	neutral
They have the standard fare of desert by the salad bar ( Green Tea , Mango , Vanilla , Chocolate and Red Bean ice cream ) but	Green Tea	neutral
They have the standard fare of desert by the salad bar ( Green Tea , Mango , Vanilla , Chocolate and Red Bean ice cream ) but	Red Bean ice cream	neutral
if you looked closely at your place mat ... you'll notice that there 's 2 secret items listed there !	place	neutral
The Deep Fried Banana - we actually got this by mistake .	Deep Fried Banana	neutral
I think the waitress thought I ordered this when I meant to order the other secret item .	waitress	neutral
Large chunks of banana deep fried with a crispy shell and drizzled in maple syrup .	shell	neutral
Deep Fried Milky Rice Pudding - this is what I meant to order when she brought over the banana , but I ordered it again anyways , because I was really curious !	Deep	neutral
Deep Fried Milky Rice Pudding - this is what I meant to order when she brought over the banana , but I ordered it again anyways , because I was really curious !	Milky Rice Pudding	neutral
Great little italian restaurant with really good food .	italian restaurant	neutral
Great little italian restaurant with really good food .	food	neutral
They have a pretty good lunch special .	lunch special	neutral
One of the best pasta dishes is Alfredo the dark .	Alfredo	neutral
It 's a creamy dish that has a spicy kick .	dish	neutral
If you come in the evenings the wait can be anywhere from 20 - 45 minutes .	wait	neutral
Fantastic customer service .	customer service	neutral
The service with the two reps was nothing short of amazing .	service	neutral
The service with the two reps was nothing short of amazing .	two reps	neutral
I find along the mink mile most of the stores have stuffy service	service	neutral
but Holts always makes me feel welcome .	Holts	neutral
Zenith 's all about the atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
The food 's pretty good ; not super spectacular but definitely worth it for the price .	food	neutral
You get an entree , the buffet bar , and the choice of a hot or iced tea .	buffet bar	neutral
I had their scrambled eggs my first time , which did n't wow me at all , and the Moroccan Stew this morning , which was definitely good .	scrambled eggs	neutral
I had their scrambled eggs my first time , which did n't wow me at all , and the Moroccan Stew this morning , which was definitely good .	Moroccan Stew	neutral
The best part is definitely the buffet bar and the assortment of cakes ; I REALLY like their different pastas .	buffet bar	neutral
The best part is definitely the buffet bar and the assortment of cakes ; I REALLY like their different pastas .	pastas	neutral
If you get there early , you 'll get better service from the waiters since they wo n't be as overwhelmed in the beginning .	waiters	neutral
The food at the buffet bar will be fresher since all the food is made once and when it 's out it 's out .	buffet bar	neutral
Get there too late and all the best foods are gone ( I missed out on their stuffed grape leaves and green beans today ) .	foods	neutral
Get there too late and all the best foods are gone ( I missed out on their stuffed grape leaves and green beans today ) .	stuffed grape leaves	neutral
Get there too late and all the best foods are gone ( I missed out on their stuffed grape leaves and green beans today ) .	green beans	neutral
I think Zenith 's the kinda place that not everyone will be able to appreciate , but for those who do , they absolutely love it .	place	neutral
I went to dinner here for the first time because I heard great things about this place .	place	neutral
After dining here , I realize people go here for the ambience not the food .	ambience	neutral
After dining here , I realize people go here for the ambience not the food .	food	neutral
It 's a nice little locally owned pub / cafe .	pub	neutral
It 's a nice little locally owned pub / cafe .	cafe	neutral
The service was excellent and our waitress was very nice and pleasant .	service	neutral
The service was excellent and our waitress was very nice and pleasant .	waitress	neutral
The food on the other hand was extremely overpriced , contained small portions and lacked flavor in general .	food	neutral
The food on the other hand was extremely overpriced , contained small portions and lacked flavor in general .	portions	neutral
The food was n't bad mind	food	neutral
I 'm more than happy to pay over a $ 100 a meal if the food is worth it	meal	neutral
I 'm more than happy to pay over a $ 100 a meal if the food is worth it	food	neutral
but when you get Cheesecake factory quality food that is prices 3 times that amount , ... well you get the picture .	food	neutral
I ordered fish and chips and the fish contained two small fried hallibut chunks .	fish and chips	neutral
I ordered fish and chips and the fish contained two small fried hallibut chunks .	fish	neutral
My wife and I decided not to make an issue of it because we will likely go back there to have a drink and relax as it has a nice environment but we will clearly not order dinner there as it extremely lackluster .	environment	neutral
The duck tasted moist but unseasoned .	duck	neutral
The key lime pie was too tart and had a strange aftertaste .	key lime pie	neutral
The Asian - Cuban appetizer was one egg roll split in half with some beef on the side .	Asian - Cuban appetizer	neutral
Again , this restaurant is designed to be an upscale hangout for the local Ahwautukee and Chandler 40 - 50 crowd as opposed to offering great cuisine .	cuisine	neutral
That 's honestly , the reason a lot of people like this place .	place	neutral
Imagine Cafe Boa with bad food	food	neutral
The only reason it does n't receive two stars is the service was great and the ambience was nice .	service	neutral
The only reason it does n't receive two stars is the service was great and the ambience was nice .	ambience	neutral
The food was weak .	food	neutral
Do n't order any of their dinner items as you will pay too much for lousy food .	dinner	neutral
Do n't order any of their dinner items as you will pay too much for lousy food .	food	neutral
The food at the Nile was ok .	food	neutral
Their falafels were pretty good though I wish they were served with hummus instead of the tasteless yogurt sauce .	falafels	neutral
Their hummus is also pretty good though the rice that came with the chicken kebab was REALLY salty .	hummus	neutral
Their hummus is also pretty good though the rice that came with the chicken kebab was REALLY salty .	rice	neutral
Their hummus is also pretty good though the rice that came with the chicken kebab was REALLY salty .	chicken kebab	neutral
The chicken was tender with ok flavor - missing some taste .	chicken	neutral
I just stopped by this coffee shop for the first time today , and it 's super cute ! !	coffee shop	neutral
Going to try the short ribs .	short ribs	neutral
Umm ... Needed more BBQ sauce .	BBQ sauce	neutral
The egg roll was not great ...	egg roll	neutral
I got the truffle Mac and cheese today and was pleasantly surprised how big the portion was .	truffle Mac and cheese	neutral
I got the truffle Mac and cheese today and was pleasantly surprised how big the portion was .	portion	neutral
I 've heard a lot of good things about this place	place	neutral
I ordered the mushroom Swiss burger and sweet potato fries and the burger was lacking in flavor and was extremely greasy and same thing with the fries .	mushroom Swiss burger	neutral
I ordered the mushroom Swiss burger and sweet potato fries and the burger was lacking in flavor and was extremely greasy and same thing with the fries .	sweet potato fries	neutral
I ordered the mushroom Swiss burger and sweet potato fries and the burger was lacking in flavor and was extremely greasy and same thing with the fries .	burger	neutral
I ordered the mushroom Swiss burger and sweet potato fries and the burger was lacking in flavor and was extremely greasy and same thing with the fries .	fries	neutral
WONDERFUL PLACE	PLACE	neutral
If there was minus star for review , I would give this place -5 star as it was the worst Korean restaurant ever in Toronto due to their extremely rude service .	service	neutral
I had to say BBQ was mediocre and overpriced , only pork bone soup was good .	BBQ	neutral
I had to say BBQ was mediocre and overpriced , only pork bone soup was good .	pork bone soup	neutral
My meal was $ 60 for 2 people , and now you treated us like we ate and did n't pay ?	meal	neutral
How dare you asked for extra tips , when you do n't deserve it and be a racist server ?	server	neutral
Not to mention during the meal , the food was UNCLEAR as it made me go to the washroom twice and spent 20mins inside while i have n't eaten anything for the whole day .	food	neutral
There was problem with food safety and cleanliness .	food	neutral
There was problem with food safety and cleanliness .	cleanliness	neutral
If you do n't want to pay for the food and then stay in the WC for it and receive shitty attitude from servers , then you 're welcome to try .	servers	neutral
Honestly i really want to report this place due to food safety	food	neutral
and I hope there will be investigators come to investigate food safety in this place .	food	neutral
Btw , if you are not Korean , do n't come to this place as you will receive a bunch of frustration and racism .	place	neutral
We had some fair meals , never fantastic but acceptable , in this restaurant in the past .	meals	neutral
However , yesterday the food , the service and the staff were so bad that we believe there has to be new ownership for such a dramatic change .	food	neutral
However , yesterday the food , the service and the staff were so bad that we believe there has to be new ownership for such a dramatic change .	service	neutral
However , yesterday the food , the service and the staff were so bad that we believe there has to be new ownership for such a dramatic change .	staff	neutral
The soups was not even close to what we had in the past .	soups	neutral
One bite into the spring rolls and my husband and myself decided we can not eat this .	spring rolls	neutral
Amazing coffee shop !	coffee shop	neutral
As a mom of littles the play room alone makes this coffee shop amazing	play room	neutral
As a mom of littles the play room alone makes this coffee shop amazing	coffee shop	neutral
but they also serve pour overs ( husbands favorite ) , have a good tea selection and make a great extra hot latte with plenty of sugar free options .	pour	neutral
but they also serve pour overs ( husbands favorite ) , have a good tea selection and make a great extra hot latte with plenty of sugar free options .	tea selection	neutral
but they also serve pour overs ( husbands favorite ) , have a good tea selection and make a great extra hot latte with plenty of sugar free options .	latte	neutral
Good music playing , games available , plenty of room - something for everyone here .	music	neutral
Ordered the Brisket Tacos	Brisket Tacos	neutral
Portion was perfect , meat was tender and flavorful .	Portion	neutral
Portion was perfect , meat was tender and flavorful .	meat	neutral
Just the right kick to the tacos .	tacos	neutral
My son enjoy his grilled cheese , vegan cookie and sweet potato fries .	grilled cheese	neutral
My son enjoy his grilled cheese , vegan cookie and sweet potato fries .	vegan cookie	neutral
My son enjoy his grilled cheese , vegan cookie and sweet potato fries .	sweet potato fries	neutral
The breakfast here is amazing .	breakfast	neutral
There is often no place to sit , a long line to order and parking is really difficult .	line	neutral
All - in - all , the place is a Saturday morning treat .	place	neutral
This place is just so cozy reminds you of an old southern country home !	place	neutral
I enjoyed the food	food	neutral
but it was n't the best food I have eaten .	food	neutral
Like another yelper stated , " this is n't the best place for southern comfort food but it does offer an experience .	place	neutral
Like another yelper stated , " this is n't the best place for southern comfort food but it does offer an experience .	southern comfort food	neutral
Nice patriotic d辿cor "	d辿cor	neutral
We had no complaints about service , or our meals .	service	neutral
We had no complaints about service , or our meals .	meals	neutral
The prices were very reasonable in comparison to the quality and portions .	portions	neutral
What was 5 stars was the dessert .	dessert	neutral
OMG , baked in a dish with ice cream on top , to die for .	dish	neutral
I think next time I will skip breakfast and go right for that apple baked with ice cream on top heaven !	apple baked with ice cream	neutral
I received the most delicious apple baked dessert ever !	apple baked dessert	neutral
I will never forget that dessert and my hips will wear it for the next month without shame because it tasted that good !	dessert	neutral
I do n't hesitate to call My Pie the best among all the " Choose Your Own Adventure pizza shops " that became all the rage in Gilbert in the past year .	Pie	neutral
We were told upon arriving that all sauces and dough are made on site from homemade recipes ( compare to the franchises which bring in ingredients and only have to pay kids to cook them ) .	sauces	neutral
We were told upon arriving that all sauces and dough are made on site from homemade recipes ( compare to the franchises which bring in ingredients and only have to pay kids to cook them ) .	dough	neutral
They have the typical variety of topping options available , but also options I have not seen elsewhere like wheat dough ( I abstained but admired the option ) .	topping	neutral
They have the typical variety of topping options available , but also options I have not seen elsewhere like wheat dough ( I abstained but admired the option ) .	wheat dough	neutral
The crust was crispy and NY - style , and the prep work on the veggies was great - diced instead of sliced , so each bite had a little .	crust	neutral
The crust was crispy and NY - style , and the prep work on the veggies was great - diced instead of sliced , so each bite had a little .	veggies	neutral
The mushrooms seemed to be cooked ahead of time which is excellent because otherwise all the moisture causes the crust to be soggy .	mushrooms	neutral
The mushrooms seemed to be cooked ahead of time which is excellent because otherwise all the moisture causes the crust to be soggy .	crust	neutral
Oh and they have big chocolate chip cookies that , while expensive at $ 2 . 50 , were tasty .	chocolate chip cookies	neutral
They take forever for your smoothie .	smoothie	neutral
The food was pretty much inedible .	food	neutral
I always see good reviews about Albert 's Real Jamaican Foods .	Jamaican Foods	neutral
I ordered Oxtail stew and it was $ 18 .	Oxtail stew	neutral
I thought it was expensive , but people from Caribbean said $ 18 was pretty good price for Oxtail stew .	Oxtail stew	neutral
Came here for breakfast & had the ham , egg & cheese sandwich & a cup of coffee with cream & sugar .	ham , egg & cheese sandwich	neutral
Best sea food restaurant !	sea food restaurant	neutral
Halibut with veggies and fried onion latest item on the menu	Halibut	neutral
Halibut with veggies and fried onion latest item on the menu	fried onion	neutral
But kusshi are my personal favourite with a dash of lemon .	kusshi	neutral
Atmosphere is upbeat and service was prompt !	Atmosphere	neutral
Atmosphere is upbeat and service was prompt !	service	neutral
GOOD LUCK GETTING YOUR FOOD ....	FOOD	neutral
The food was very good and the staff was pleasant enough , even the manager came out to explain the delay .	food	neutral
The food was very good and the staff was pleasant enough , even the manager came out to explain the delay .	staff	neutral
BTW , the mix on the sodas was off making them taste funny and the iced tasted old .	mix	neutral
BTW , the mix on the sodas was off making them taste funny and the iced tasted old .	sodas	neutral
BTW , the mix on the sodas was off making them taste funny and the iced tasted old .	iced	neutral
I wish I could give this place negative stars !	place	neutral
The mocha smoothie tasted like garbage ! ! !	mocha smoothie	neutral
It was definitely made very poorly & that 's probably because the staff they had working was very poor .	staff	neutral
Horrible service & horrible quality !	service	neutral
Not please at all with this location !	location	neutral
Terrible service over the phone .	service	neutral
And the food there is amazing !	food	neutral
It 's not too bad of a wait , about 25 to 35 minutes .	wait	neutral
I love their apple crepes and the bacon is really thick and yummy !	apple crepes	neutral
I love their apple crepes and the bacon is really thick and yummy !	bacon	neutral
Do n't sleep on the blueberry crepes either !	blueberry crepes	neutral
If you like fluffy omelettes then you will love the omelettes here .	omelettes	neutral
I still prefer the omelettes at Waffle House .	omelettes	neutral
They also have wonderful skillet breakfasts as well !	skillet breakfasts	neutral
Great coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice !	coffee	neutral
Great coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice !	orange juice	neutral
Breakfast served 24 hours , waitstaff is efficient and friendly , drinks are a good pour , what more do you need ?	Breakfast	neutral
Breakfast served 24 hours , waitstaff is efficient and friendly , drinks are a good pour , what more do you need ?	waitstaff	neutral
Breakfast served 24 hours , waitstaff is efficient and friendly , drinks are a good pour , what more do you need ?	drinks	neutral
Very knowledgeable staff !	staff	neutral
The food is delicious as well .	food	neutral
The white pear sake was amazing .	white pear sake	neutral
Sense roll , spicy Hana , smoked salmon roll were so good .	Sense roll	neutral
Sense roll , spicy Hana , smoked salmon roll were so good .	spicy Hana	neutral
Sense roll , spicy Hana , smoked salmon roll were so good .	smoked salmon roll	neutral
Cool ambience and really dark .	ambience	neutral
This was a fantastic breakfast .	breakfast	neutral
I did the traditional eggs Benedict .	eggs Benedict	neutral
The hollandaise sauce was divine !	hollandaise sauce	neutral
Had to try the German pancake since I 've never had it .	German pancake	neutral
Place is clean , staff is friendly .	Place	neutral
Place is clean , staff is friendly .	staff	neutral
High quality , fresh food including organic sugar on the tables .	food	neutral
High quality , fresh food including organic sugar on the tables .	sugar	neutral
and there was a 5 minute wait .	wait	neutral
This place is fantastic for breakfast .	place	neutral
Great atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Great food .	food	neutral
Menu is varied .	Menu	neutral
Omgggggg this place is delicious ! !	place	neutral
I 'm so glad there 's a new healthy lunch option !	lunch	neutral
I got shrimp and spicy tuna with white rice and a bunch of mix ins and house spicy and sweet chili flavoring with cucumber salad and crab meat .	shrimp and	neutral
I got shrimp and spicy tuna with white rice and a bunch of mix ins and house spicy and sweet chili flavoring with cucumber salad and crab meat .	spicy tuna	neutral
I got shrimp and spicy tuna with white rice and a bunch of mix ins and house spicy and sweet chili flavoring with cucumber salad and crab meat .	sweet chili flavoring with cucumber salad	neutral
The cucumber salad had an amazing taste to it and the crab meat was delicious ! !	cucumber salad	neutral
The cucumber salad had an amazing taste to it and the crab meat was delicious ! !	crab meat	neutral
I will say my bowl was super spicy	bowl	neutral
but I had spicy tuna , jalape単os , house spicy flavoring	spicy tuna ,	neutral
but I had spicy tuna , jalape単os , house spicy flavoring	jalape単os	neutral
This Trader Joe 's hours are 8a-9p every day of the week ....	Trader Joe	neutral
If you do forget this crucial , life - saving tip and find yourself there at the busiest time , make sure to go up a few floors in the parking garage to avoid the chaos and honking horns .	parking garage	neutral
This TJ 's has beautiful flowers ( and at a very reasonable price ) that you will find right upon entering the store ... sometimes there are flowers outside as well .	flowers	neutral
Awesome samples are usually available ( e. g. warm chocolate chip cookie with ice cream ) and all of the employees are beyond helpful and so friendly .	chocolate	neutral
I 've always heard really good things about the food , so I decided to take my fiends that were visiting from Florida .	food	neutral
I thought this would be a perfect place .	place	neutral
The food truly was great and everyone loved it , however the service was really disappointing .	food	neutral
The food truly was great and everyone loved it , however the service was really disappointing .	service	neutral
I 'm REALLY easy to please , but I get really turned off when there 's a lack of basic customer service .	customer service	neutral
Our waitress Rachel was extremely rude .	waitress	neutral
Our waitress Rachel was extremely rude .	Rachel	neutral
so we had to flag down a different waitress by the name Alexandra who was actually very sweet .	waitress	neutral
We had a really bad experience and I felt bad that my friends who were visiting were getting such poor service from Rachel after I 've been telling them how warm and friendly people are in Charlotte .	service	neutral
It was my first time coming at Zada Jane 's and the food was great , but because of the lack of customer service I do n't think I 'll be a returning customer .	food	neutral
It was my first time coming at Zada Jane 's and the food was great , but because of the lack of customer service I do n't think I 'll be a returning customer .	customer service	neutral
Love this place it is one of my favorite places in gilbert .	place	neutral
If you are looking for some good BBQ this is the place .	BBQ	neutral
Excellent selection , fresh food , the people at the fish counter are very helpful .	food	neutral
Excellent selection , fresh food , the people at the fish counter are very helpful .	fish counter	neutral
The first real time I have debated 1 star , the only thing that changed my mind was the waitress .	waitress	neutral
We were really excited about this place despite the poor reviews .	place	neutral
Finally go in through the patio and am squeezed in beside the kitchen , the bar and the walk way to the main dining area .	patio	neutral
Finally go in through the patio and am squeezed in beside the kitchen , the bar and the walk way to the main dining area .	kitchen	neutral
That 's not the issue though the real problem is the heat was making the exposed pipes perspire and was dripping a lot of water down onto unsuspecting patrons .	heat	neutral
That 's not the issue though the real problem is the heat was making the exposed pipes perspire and was dripping a lot of water down onto unsuspecting patrons .	exposed	neutral
That 's not the issue though the real problem is the heat was making the exposed pipes perspire and was dripping a lot of water down onto unsuspecting patrons .	pipes	neutral
The food , for the first time in a long time I did n't finish my meal because I straight up thought it was bad .	food	neutral
The veggie burger was not fresh as they claim , it was frozen and tasted freezer burnt .	veggie burger	neutral
They automatically put it on a gluten free bun , which they should ask if you have a gluten sensitivity before serving that horrible , crumbly , greasy and COLD bun .	bun	neutral
They automatically put it on a gluten free bun , which they should ask if you have a gluten sensitivity before serving that horrible , crumbly , greasy and COLD bun .	bun	neutral
They told me they could n't do the Mac balls without bacon ,	Mac	neutral
The slaw was OK nothing special .	slaw	neutral
My boyfriend had a regular meat burger and advised me to give no more then 2 stars for his as well .	burger	neutral
So disappointed , the waitress was super sweet and attentive though so the owner can thank his staff for saving him from my first 1 star .	waitress	neutral
but I always said I am saving my lowest review for when the food is inedible ,	food	neutral
I give a 3 ONLY because I 'm enamored with the gas prices .	gas	neutral
It 's a nice balance between the cash only price for Arco ( just a block away ) and the other more expensive options nearby .	Arco	neutral
Great customer service and great product !	customer service	neutral
Fun and comfortable environment to spend time with family and friends !	environment	neutral
I ordered the Chilli chicken lunch special .. it was mediocre at best ..	Chilli chicken lunch special	neutral
my buddy ordered a chicken and brocoli dish ...	chicken and brocoli dish	neutral
what a disappointment .. only 3 tiny prices of chicken in the dish , we laughed , called over the waiter ...	chicken	neutral
what a disappointment .. only 3 tiny prices of chicken in the dish , we laughed , called over the waiter ...	waiter	neutral
His response was brocoli shrinks ... and apperently chicken shrivels and disappears , SO I dunno what specials or dishes the other reviewers were getting and eating but ours was tiny and sad looking .	dishes	neutral
Any ways the inside is old and dated ugly wood decor .... but if the food were good , you could over look that I guess , but	food	neutral
Love the variety and quality of food .	food	neutral
My favorite dish is the root beer chicken wings , with a side of avacado egg rolls .	root beer chicken wings	neutral
There was only one guy working there , so my chicken curry and samosas order took about 25 minutes .	chicken curry	neutral
There was only one guy working there , so my chicken curry and samosas order took about 25 minutes .	samosas	neutral
This was by far the best curry I have had in the states , let alone Vegas .	curry	neutral
Eww , stay away from this place !	place	neutral
We had a corner suite , the fosset in the bathtub was leaking , and a good night sleep impossible .	fosset	neutral
We had a corner suite , the fosset in the bathtub was leaking , and a good night sleep impossible .	bathtub	neutral
Everything inside the room is outdated , the furniture is scratched and broken .	room	neutral
Everything inside the room is outdated , the furniture is scratched and broken .	furniture	neutral
The fridge was leaking and softened up the furniture , the result is messy fridge that leans out of its closet and smells horrible .	fridge	neutral
The fridge was leaking and softened up the furniture , the result is messy fridge that leans out of its closet and smells horrible .	fridge	neutral
There is no justification for you get what you pay for , this is just very bad management .	management	neutral
This hotel needs to be cleaned urgently .	hotel	neutral
Our waiter was exceptional , the wine was reasonably priced and delicious , and the meals !	waiter	neutral
Our waiter was exceptional , the wine was reasonably priced and delicious , and the meals !	wine	neutral
Our waiter was exceptional , the wine was reasonably priced and delicious , and the meals !	meals	neutral
I basically licked the marinara off the plate .	marinara	neutral
The prices were out of this world and the food far surpassed my expectations .	food	neutral
A quick picture on Facebook of pulled pork sandwich with slaw was all it took .	pulled pork sandwich with slaw	neutral
I drove straight to HYB and indulged in the most wonderful blend of smokey and sweet with each bite .	smokey	neutral
Of course I stayed only with the sweet sauce .	sweet sauce	neutral
If you are looking for a great time with great food and an even more amazing atmosphere this is the place to be .	food	neutral
If you are looking for a great time with great food and an even more amazing atmosphere this is the place to be .	atmosphere	neutral
From the amazing food menu with delicious options such as the breakfast brunch and all american burger .	food menu	neutral
From the amazing food menu with delicious options such as the breakfast brunch and all american burger .	breakfast brunch	neutral
From the amazing food menu with delicious options such as the breakfast brunch and all american burger .	all american burger	neutral
to the over 40 top tier beers on taps and specialty cocktails you wo nt go wrong choosing anything .	beers	neutral
to the over 40 top tier beers on taps and specialty cocktails you wo nt go wrong choosing anything .	specialty cocktails	neutral
this place literally offers all you could imagine .	place	neutral
A country bar located in the heart of Tempe has finally arrived and you wo nt be disappointing .	country bar	neutral
Now I 've been here for lunch a few times , and have had great service and good food , but have had salads both times .	service	neutral
Now I 've been here for lunch a few times , and have had great service and good food , but have had salads both times .	food	neutral
Good salads , btw , but not too difficult to mess up either .	salads	neutral
I do n't see it on the menu , but could I order a side of potatoes or hash browns with the Southwest Breakfast Burrito ?	Southwest Breakfast Burrito	neutral
Well , how do you make the eggs and frittatas without a stove ?	eggs	neutral
Well , how do you make the eggs and frittatas without a stove ?	frittatas	neutral
The food was better than the crud I expected considering it was reheated in the microwave .	food	neutral
The southwest burrito came with egg , cheese , green chile , and bacon .	southwest burrito	neutral
I had a taste of the prosciutto and mushroom frittata and it did n't taste too bad either .	prosciutto and mushroom frittata	neutral
The interior was every bit as nice as everyone suggested with brightly colored walls , fresh flowers everywhere , and someone strumming on the piano .	interior	neutral
The interior was every bit as nice as everyone suggested with brightly colored walls , fresh flowers everywhere , and someone strumming on the piano .	walls	neutral
The hot food counter has NOTHING on Marketon .	hot food counter	neutral
The food is meh to okay .	food	neutral
I threw out most of what I ordered ( chicharrones en salsa verde - it was straight up terrible .	chicharrones en salsa verde	neutral
One of the better things La Bonita as going for it is the fact that their liqour is very cheap .	liqour	neutral
They have a decent selection of cooking tools .	cooking tools	neutral
This place is great .	place	neutral
What a great place !	place	neutral
The gyro meat is amazing .	gyro meat	neutral
The staff is super friendly .	staff	neutral
They did a great job with this place , nice little bar as well .	place	neutral
They did a great job with this place , nice little bar as well .	bar	neutral
It 's a pretty good sized , sports bar ...	bar	neutral
Our server Lauren was so nice and friendly .	server	neutral
Our server Lauren was so nice and friendly .	Lauren	neutral
Their happy hour specials are really great for food and drinks ...	happy hour specials	neutral
I ended up getting the cheese bread which I thought was like breadstick style cheese bread ...	cheese bread	neutral
I also had whiskey and cokes with my dinner which was pretty good ...	whiskey and cokes	neutral
My friends got the surf and turf which looked really good ...	surf and turf	neutral
The wings looked ok , I did n't try , but I will next time ...	wings	neutral
I 'm happy to say there are vegetarian options that are affordable and satisfying .	vegetarian	neutral
Overall , a great community fixture with friendly service .	service	neutral
The food was good .	food	neutral
The service was great .	service	neutral
I bet most of your customers will take that charge out of their tip , the money your staff lives off of .	staff	neutral
If you do n't care that your employees are will be bearing your financial burden , your not just a bad businessman , you 're a bad human being .	employees	neutral
This is a great and gorgeous new Whole Foods .	Whole Foods	neutral
The buffet in the prepared foods area is HUGE .	buffet in the	neutral
The buffet in the prepared foods area is HUGE .	prepared foods area	neutral
I used to shop at the Tempe store ( and I hate the PV store ) and the size and amount of food in the prepared foods area is astounding .	prepared foods	neutral
Having the juice bar in the middle of prepared food and produce is kind of ingenious .	juice	neutral
Having the juice bar in the middle of prepared food and produce is kind of ingenious .	produce	neutral
I feel like the produce area is smaller than some of the other WFM stores , but that could just be a layout issue .	produce area	neutral
I love the new freezers and fridge cases .	freezers	neutral
I love the new freezers and fridge cases .	fridge cases	neutral
The cheese / deli is kind of small but packs a bunch with great product .	cheese / deli	neutral
Ridiculous amounts of awesome ciders , gluten free beer , craft beer , and wine .	ciders	neutral
Ridiculous amounts of awesome ciders , gluten free beer , craft beer , and wine .	beer	neutral
Ridiculous amounts of awesome ciders , gluten free beer , craft beer , and wine .	craft beer	neutral
Ridiculous amounts of awesome ciders , gluten free beer , craft beer , and wine .	wine	neutral
20 highland tavern is a nice touch .	highland tavern	neutral
Killington 's is very good , the food is great and the service is some of the best .	Killington 's	neutral
Killington 's is very good , the food is great and the service is some of the best .	food	neutral
Killington 's is very good , the food is great and the service is some of the best .	service	neutral
The constant in and out of the wait staff makes the booth shake everytime .	wait staff	neutral
Great service , friendly staff .	service	neutral
Great service , friendly staff .	staff	neutral
I had the grilled chicken wrap and it was very very fresh .	grilled chicken wrap	neutral
Husband had the cheeseburger and it was hot and fresh and tasty .	cheeseburger	neutral
Lots of dessert options and good location .	dessert	neutral
Lots of dessert options and good location .	location	neutral
I also requested extra espresso beans and the kind barista gave me a little Dixie cup with a few : score !	barista	neutral
Great coffee selections and great service here , plus you can also get a punch card to work your way towards a free drink .	coffee selections	neutral
Great coffee selections and great service here , plus you can also get a punch card to work your way towards a free drink .	service	neutral
That might have nothing to do with his restaurant , but when your main source of marketing is being a celebrity chef that verbally bashes bad food made by other establishments , you have to expect a certain level of service & quality in his product .	food	neutral
If it was n't for the awesome glass wall of fire in the front of this restaurant , I 'd give it 1 star .	glass wall of fire	neutral
Burger was the 1st of his spots on my trip .	Burger	neutral
The promptness of service was good , but there was a breakdown in service at some point because the 4 of us were n't that pleased with the food .	service	neutral
The promptness of service was good , but there was a breakdown in service at some point because the 4 of us were n't that pleased with the food .	service	neutral
The promptness of service was good , but there was a breakdown in service at some point because the 4 of us were n't that pleased with the food .	food	neutral
My medium bacon burger was very well - done & bacon was somewhat bland .	medium bacon burger	neutral
My medium bacon burger was very well - done & bacon was somewhat bland .	bacon	neutral
My friends well - done burger arrived bloody , but he liked the fries .	burger	neutral
My friends well - done burger arrived bloody , but he liked the fries .	fries	neutral
The female of the group ordered a meatless mushroom burger w/ no complaints .	meatless mushroom burger	neutral
My other friend received the burger as ordered , but he said it was n't that great .	burger	neutral
After spending $ 140 for mediocre burgers , the group agreed not to waste our time with the other 2 Ramsey restaurants & I cancelled the open table reservations .	burgers	neutral
Back patio and purposeful hole - in - wall atmosphere are good .	Back patio	neutral
Back patio and purposeful hole - in - wall atmosphere are good .	hole	neutral
Back patio and purposeful hole - in - wall atmosphere are good .	atmosphere	neutral
Service is great .	Service	neutral
But none of these factors are enough to make up for the fact the food is decent at best .	food	neutral
Their burger is so good and reasonable priced .	burger	neutral
My new favorite burger spot ! ! ! ! !	burger spot	neutral
Staffs are friendly and good service .	Staffs	neutral
Staffs are friendly and good service .	service	neutral
I love going for breakfast at the Buffalo Cafe !	Buffalo Cafe	neutral
I usually order either the breakfast burrito or the eggs benedict .	breakfast burrito	neutral
I usually order either the breakfast burrito or the eggs benedict .	eggs benedict	neutral
While the food is really great , my favourite thing about going there is the atmosphere .	food	neutral
While the food is really great , my favourite thing about going there is the atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
The restaurant is in an old log cabin , smack dab in the middle of Eau Claire , and has really cool antiquey decor and a laid back feel .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant is in an old log cabin , smack dab in the middle of Eau Claire , and has really cool antiquey decor and a laid back feel .	decor	neutral
Some people might find the huge stuffed buffalo head on the wall a bit weird , but I love the ecclectic look of the place .	stuffed buffalo head	neutral
It 's very relaxing and if you sit by a window on a sunny weekend afternoon you can do a lot of good people watching .	people	neutral
Far Superior to Pizza Bianca !	Pizza Bianca	neutral
Great food at a great price and service .	food	neutral
Great food at a great price and service .	service	neutral
Would recommend this place to anyone who loves real Italian food made with love and care !	Italian food	neutral
This is my new favorite AYCE sushi joint !	sushi	neutral
and she is hard to please when it comes to sushi .	sushi	neutral
The fish tasted fresh , there is a good variety and the service is great .	fish	neutral
The fish tasted fresh , there is a good variety and the service is great .	service	neutral
I was n't disappointed by anything I had there , of course I usually stay away from anything fried and with cream cheese but the rolls I had an nigiri were awesome !	rolls	neutral
I was n't disappointed by anything I had there , of course I usually stay away from anything fried and with cream cheese but the rolls I had an nigiri were awesome !	nigiri	neutral
The Garlic Tuna was good .	Garlic Tuna	neutral
Ordered the amai ebi and you can ask for the deep fried head .	amai ebi	neutral
They also had a lot of appetizers if that is your preference .	appetizers	neutral
Waked in for the first time , very friendly atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
The Barista working is a very friendly guy .	Barista	neutral
Had a very nice talk about the different roasts and how each one is done .	roasts	neutral
A definite go for a good priced / good tasting coffee !	coffee	neutral
Our server was terrible , because she spent more time chatting with another waitress than she did her job .	server	neutral
We spent $ 150 on lunch , and it was n't worth $ 40 .	lunch	neutral
The cheeseburgers were very dry and overcooked , but the short ribs on the bottom of the burger was pretty good .	cheeseburgers	neutral
The cheeseburgers were very dry and overcooked , but the short ribs on the bottom of the burger was pretty good .	short ribs	neutral
Too bad it was a very tiny piece of short ribs .	short ribs	neutral
Great spot with a nice selection of beers ( it is called King Taps for a reason ) .	spot	neutral
Great spot with a nice selection of beers ( it is called King Taps for a reason ) .	selection of	neutral
Great spot with a nice selection of beers ( it is called King Taps for a reason ) .	beers	neutral
I found service to be quick , attentive , and friendly .	service	neutral
Really good vibes from the staff as well as the atmosphere created by the other patrons as well .	staff	neutral
Really good vibes from the staff as well as the atmosphere created by the other patrons as well .	atmosphere	neutral
My food was pretty good too	food	neutral
( I went with the burger + fries ) .	burger	neutral
Homeboy did n't like his risotto though .	risotto	neutral
I tried it and I agreed , the rice was wet instead of creamy and it tasted like they did n't cook enough for the rice to break down a bit more .	rice	neutral
The steak was good though so maybe their forte is traditional bar food .	steak	neutral
There 's just more beer I would want to try .	beer	neutral
Spent $ 200 on grocery items to get yelled at by the cashier because I was n't moving fast enough and then she made us bag our own groceries .........	cashier	neutral
I really dislike this place ....	place	neutral
Good and fresh served noodles .	noodles	neutral
The noodles are delish with or without the protein , which cost extra	noodles	neutral
Order the long - bone Waygu cut medium plus .	long - bone	neutral
Both dealers ( I wish I knew their names ) were awesome !	dealers	neutral
Friendly , helpful , and overall really nice people .	people	neutral
I was impressed with both my breakfast , Kay 's Special , and my husbands , huevos rancheros .	breakfast	neutral
I was impressed with both my breakfast , Kay 's Special , and my husbands , huevos rancheros .	Kay	neutral
I was impressed with both my breakfast , Kay 's Special , and my husbands , huevos rancheros .	huevos rancheros	neutral
Kay 's special is an omlette with artichokes , spinach , parmesan cheese , cream cheese topped with fresh tomatoes and feta cheese .	artichokes	neutral
I was looking for something different and not what I would usually order , which is 2 eggs with toast and pancakes .	toast	neutral
The feta cheese on top which I was concerned about was fantastic .	feta cheese	neutral
My husband 's dish was equally delicious .	dish	neutral
I was worried there would be too much salsa , but not at all .	salsa	neutral
The side of potatoes were a touch salty .	side of potatoes	neutral
I was happy that the wait was rather quick , especially for a Saturday morning .	wait	neutral
The menu has many offerings so really , no matter what you like for breakfast , I 'm sure you can find it there .	menu	neutral
Our server was also very nice and quick .	server	neutral
At this time 's encounter I was taken back by the nice young man named Abdula ( I believe that was his name ) .	man	neutral
Amazing show ! !	show	neutral
The host and hostess of the show are hilarious ..	host	neutral
The host and hostess of the show are hilarious ..	hostess	neutral
Standard quality of drinks , although better training of baristas will be helpful .	drinks	neutral
Standard quality of drinks , although better training of baristas will be helpful .	baristas	neutral
Nice people work there , but need more help .	people	neutral
Waiting time is too long .	Waiting	neutral
Good spot walking distance from ASU to satisfy my chicken katsu craving .	spot	neutral
Good spot walking distance from ASU to satisfy my chicken katsu craving .	chicken	neutral
I prefer the katsu here to that at Paradise .	katsu	neutral
The portions are generous and the katsu was made to order .	portions	neutral
The portions are generous and the katsu was made to order .	katsu	neutral
Friendly owners and employees .	owners	neutral
Friendly owners and employees .	employees	neutral
The service is great ( clearing the tables & getting your drinks ) and everything I ate was good if not great .	service	neutral
The crab legs were good .	crab legs	neutral
I am a big fan of chicken soup and kept going back for more .	chicken soup	neutral
The desserts are awesome .	desserts	neutral
They have cheesecake , flan , sorbet , ice cream , custard .... and more .	cheesecake	neutral
They have cheesecake , flan , sorbet , ice cream , custard .... and more .	flan	neutral
They have cheesecake , flan , sorbet , ice cream , custard .... and more .	sorbet	neutral
You can get prime rib , pizza , fruits , all kinds of salads , rice .... etc .	prime rib	neutral
You can get prime rib , pizza , fruits , all kinds of salads , rice .... etc .	pizza	neutral
You can get prime rib , pizza , fruits , all kinds of salads , rice .... etc .	fruits	neutral
You can get prime rib , pizza , fruits , all kinds of salads , rice .... etc .	salads	neutral
You can get prime rib , pizza , fruits , all kinds of salads , rice .... etc .	rice	neutral
Definitely a good place to go if you do n't mind spending an extra Buck or two .	place	neutral
The mahi mahi fish tacos were great .	mahi mahi fish tacos	neutral
Bar tender ( ca n't remember her name ) made a good pomegranate marg and gave me some recommendations for places to check out while I was in the neighborhood .	pomegranate marg	neutral
I love the chicken wings here .	chicken wings	neutral
The wings are smoked for 2 days and taste amazing .	wings	neutral
The sauce on their smoked wings are the best .	sauce	neutral
The sauce on their smoked wings are the best .	smoked wings	neutral
Even the fried chicken wings are excellent .	fried chicken wings	neutral
Their French fries are the best ever with huge portions .	French fries	neutral
Their French fries are the best ever with huge portions .	portions	neutral
The place is very small with limited	place	neutral
This is my NEW favorite restaurant in a city full of amazing restaurants .	restaurant	neutral
This is my NEW favorite restaurant in a city full of amazing restaurants .	restaurants	neutral
Love fish ?	fish	neutral
Love craft cocktails ?	craft cocktails	neutral
But hey , enjoy your equality - unfriendly chicken , my man .	chicken	neutral
Without getting too detailed , I 'll just say that we have n't had a single dish that we would n't order again .	dish	neutral
There are many inventive sauces to choose from and it 's a ton of fun to try different pairings .	sauces	neutral
The deviled eggs are the best freaking deviled eggs I 've had in my entire life ( with apologies to Carson Kitchen ) .	deviled eggs	neutral
The deviled eggs are the best freaking deviled eggs I 've had in my entire life ( with apologies to Carson Kitchen ) .	deviled	neutral
Mixed seafood ceviche is the bomb .	Mixed seafood ceviche	neutral
Nigiri sampler ( which included flying fish the night we tried it ) was out of this world .	Nigiri sampler	neutral
Nigiri sampler ( which included flying fish the night we tried it ) was out of this world .	flying fish	neutral
Chef / Owner Dan is incredibly thoughtful in his preparation - the guy blends his own soy sauce , and seasons his sushi rice in a subtly different way to complement that .	Chef	neutral
Chef / Owner Dan is incredibly thoughtful in his preparation - the guy blends his own soy sauce , and seasons his sushi rice in a subtly different way to complement that .	Dan	neutral
Chef / Owner Dan is incredibly thoughtful in his preparation - the guy blends his own soy sauce , and seasons his sushi rice in a subtly different way to complement that .	sushi rice	neutral
Enough gushing about the food .	food	neutral
The cocktail program here is also inspired .	cocktail program	neutral
There are just two bartenders , and they both have plenty of tricks up their respective sleeves .	bartenders	neutral
These guys have chops and they put a ton of thought into the cocktails ... all of which are named after old ladies .	cocktails	neutral
Anyway , I highly recommend the ' Beryl ' for you dark spirit lovers and the ' Vera ' for anyone who loves champagne - based drinks .	Beryl	neutral
Anyway , I highly recommend the ' Beryl ' for you dark spirit lovers and the ' Vera ' for anyone who loves champagne - based drinks .	dark spirit	neutral
Anyway , I highly recommend the ' Beryl ' for you dark spirit lovers and the ' Vera ' for anyone who loves champagne - based drinks .	drinks	neutral
No review would be complete without a mention of the service - efficient and friendly .	service	neutral
Pro tip - try and sit at the bar , where you 'll get a little face time with the mad geniuses that are putting out these dishes and drinks .	dishes	neutral
Pro tip - try and sit at the bar , where you 'll get a little face time with the mad geniuses that are putting out these dishes and drinks .	drinks	neutral
( shout out to Stan , creator of the Stanwich , which we hope will be on the eventual brunch menu . )	Stanwich	neutral
There 's like nine tables and another 9 or so seats at the bar .	bar	neutral
The room was not clean and smelt funny .	room	neutral
I did n't believe that was what happening in a so called " luxury hotel " .	luxury hotel	neutral
Best barbecue I 've had in Vegas .	barbecue	neutral
Brand new restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Still having some opening ' pains ' but the Memphis ribs are incredible .	Memphis ribs	neutral
This place is awesome !	place	neutral
The waffle with bacon in it is so inventive and tastes amazing .	waffle	neutral
This would be my favourite thai place in the city .	thai place	neutral
The garlic shrimp , rice paper rolls , and of course , pad thai , are all amazing .	garlic shrimp	neutral
The garlic shrimp , rice paper rolls , and of course , pad thai , are all amazing .	rice paper rolls	neutral
The garlic shrimp , rice paper rolls , and of course , pad thai , are all amazing .	pad thai	neutral
Yes , the line up is totally worth it .	line up	neutral
I love the atmosphere too .	atmosphere	neutral
Our waitress was terrible .	waitress	neutral
My friend wanted a togo order and the server said she would put it in later .	server	neutral
We clearly heard the server tell the kitchen guy she put in the order wrong but blamed it on them for making the togo order first .	server	neutral
We clearly heard the server tell the kitchen guy she put in the order wrong but blamed it on them for making the togo order first .	kitchen	neutral
All of our food was cold and mediocre .	food	neutral
Then the server had the togo order put in the heating window in the back like that was a reasonable solution .	server	neutral
The " training manager " Kevin came over and clearly needs a lesson in customer service .	Kevin	neutral
To top it all off , the waitress who blamed everyone else for messing up was talking crap about him to us ?	waitress	neutral
That place has so much potential .	place	neutral
I 've got very mixed feelings about Trader Joe 's .	Trader	neutral
They also have very inexpensive flowers , which means you can pick up a cheapie bouquet , if you 're not concerned how long it will last .	flowers	neutral
The staff is friendly , but the aisles are narrow enough to dismay a gerbil .	staff	neutral
The staff is friendly , but the aisles are narrow enough to dismay a gerbil .	aisles	neutral
The wine selection is excellent for a grocery , though .	wine selection	neutral
I know everyone been hyping up the red velvet ice cream paired with the red velvet cone	red velvet ice cream	neutral
I know everyone been hyping up the red velvet ice cream paired with the red velvet cone	red velvet cone	neutral
The coffee flavor was strong but delicious .	coffee flavor	neutral
The red velvet had bits of cake in it	red velvet	neutral
But man I REALLY loved that pistachio !	pistachio	neutral
I just wanna go back for that pistachio !	pistachio	neutral
but for all three of us ( 2 cups , one scoop each plus red velvet ice in a red velvet cone ) came out to be around $ 12 something .	red	neutral
but for all three of us ( 2 cups , one scoop each plus red velvet ice in a red velvet cone ) came out to be around $ 12 something .	red velvet cone	neutral
Next time I go , I 'll give their cupcakes another chance to redeem themselves .	cupcakes	neutral
Bad food .	food	neutral
Bad service .	service	neutral
Just something about the milk tea that tastes better than other bubble tea shops .	milk tea	neutral
You also have the option to modify the amount of ice and sugar in your drink .	drink	neutral
I can get the milk tea here without any sugar and it 'll still taste great .	milk tea	neutral
The tapioca is bouncy and is never under or over cooked .	tapioca	neutral
This place is AMAZING .	place	neutral
The food is DELICIOUS .	food	neutral
- Foie Torchon - need	Foie Torchon	neutral
For $ 7 for a nice portion of foie , always , always .	portion	neutral
For $ 7 for a nice portion of foie , always , always .	foie	neutral
- Empanada - very tastey , served with a mustard - esque sauce which was an interesting choice .	Empanada	neutral
- Empanada - very tastey , served with a mustard - esque sauce which was an interesting choice .	mustard	neutral
- Empanada - very tastey , served with a mustard - esque sauce which was an interesting choice .	sauce	neutral
Very filled and the pastry outside perfect .	pastry	neutral
- Korean Fried Chicken	Korean Fried Chicken	neutral
- Steam Bun with pork	Steam Bun with pork	neutral
I have access to some really good Korean and other Asian - fusion foods so high standards but was still good .	Korean	neutral
- All - Canadian Cheeseboard - OMG this was perfect , I LOVE cheese and let me just tell you , this cheese board was so well put together and the cheeses ( which I can not recall at the moment ) were SO good .	Cheeseboard	neutral
- All - Canadian Cheeseboard - OMG this was perfect , I LOVE cheese and let me just tell you , this cheese board was so well put together and the cheeses ( which I can not recall at the moment ) were SO good .	cheese board	neutral
- All - Canadian Cheeseboard - OMG this was perfect , I LOVE cheese and let me just tell you , this cheese board was so well put together and the cheeses ( which I can not recall at the moment ) were SO good .	cheeses	neutral
- Oysters - quite tastey	Oysters	neutral
, I love oysters so much and this oyster , not sure the variety it was	oyster	neutral
I also had a few of their IPAs but they have a full bar too .	IPAs	neutral
I picked this place .	place	neutral
Not only are the birds impressive on your way in , but the giant gate leading to the restaurant through the patio kind of blew my mind .	birds	neutral
Not only are the birds impressive on your way in , but the giant gate leading to the restaurant through the patio kind of blew my mind .	gate	neutral
Not only are the birds impressive on your way in , but the giant gate leading to the restaurant through the patio kind of blew my mind .	patio	neutral
I was there for a football game with my friend and had heard good things about their beer .	beer	neutral
I tried a number of differing varieties , but the one that I liked most was their ginger IPA .	ginger IPA	neutral
I love it when beer inspires me , so we were off to a good start .	beer	neutral
We got the pizza and the poutine - the pizza was excellent , easily some of the best in the east valley .	pizza	neutral
We got the pizza and the poutine - the pizza was excellent , easily some of the best in the east valley .	poutine	neutral
The poutine , however , left a lot to be desired .	poutine	neutral
Any excuse I can get to hang out in Downtown Chandler means I get Paletas Betty for dessert , which is never a bad thing !	dessert	neutral
We then ordered two servings of jamaican jerk wings and tried to order another two baskets of chips but were told they were out of chips as well .	jamaican jerk wings	neutral
Our server came out with the wings in a couple of minutes .	server	neutral
We ordered an additional two baskets of wings , three orders of the queso fundido , and our entrees .	queso fundido	neutral
She replied , " We make all of our food fresh so it takes longer than a chain restaurant .	food	neutral
About ten minutes later ( approximately 9:20pm ) our server came outside and explained that there were still two tickets ahead of us and our appetizers had not been started yet .	server	neutral
9:30pm our server came back with the two additional orders of wings , as well as two baskets of chips for us to munch on .	server	neutral
She explained that because of the wait , they would waive the $ 0 .	wait	neutral
50 " corkage fee " for the bottles of beer .	bottles of beer	neutral
We were told repeatedly by our main server ( as well as an additional helper ) that there 's always a wait for food because they make everything fresh .	server	neutral
Only ONCE did someone apologize for the wait .	wait	neutral
As described on the menu , they are " Cheese filled poblano peppers drizzled with a walnut and goat cheese cream sauce , garnished with pomegranate seeds .	poblano	neutral
What I actually got was ONE pepper ( not pepperS ) in a small bowl .	bowl	neutral
As my friend remarked , " $ 10 for a pepper ? !	pepper	neutral
Two people ordered the $ 15 Jamaican Jerk Tofu , " served with mango , plantains and coconut rice .	Jamaican Jerk	neutral
There were no plantains and the tofu was extremely salty .	plantains	neutral
There were no plantains and the tofu was extremely salty .	tofu	neutral
and that 's why we ordered the queso fundido .	queso	neutral
We were under the impression that the second set of baskets was complimentary because of the wait .	wait	neutral
Eventually our server agreed to waive the charges for the second set of baskets .	server	neutral
An order of chips ( $ 3 ) , jamaican jerk wings ( $ 6 ) , three tacos ( $ 9 ) and chiles relle単os ( $ 10 ) can not sum to $ 30 .	jamaican jerk wings	neutral
An order of chips ( $ 3 ) , jamaican jerk wings ( $ 6 ) , three tacos ( $ 9 ) and chiles relle単os ( $ 10 ) can not sum to $ 30 .	tacos	neutral
An order of chips ( $ 3 ) , jamaican jerk wings ( $ 6 ) , three tacos ( $ 9 ) and chiles relle単os ( $ 10 ) can not sum to $ 30 .	chiles	neutral
If the food is so fresh it takes 2 hours to serve , put a note on the menu or warn large parties when they arrive !	food	neutral
My 5 year old raved about the quick service .	service	neutral
And my wife could n't get enough of the chicken salad	chicken salad	neutral
I will not be returning to this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
When I got back to the office , I realized the soup was just a tub of broth , they forgot to include the side items like tortilla strips , cheese , cilantro etc .	soup	neutral
I called the store to speak with the manager and she was very rude .	manager	neutral
Disappointing because their food was actually pretty good .	food	neutral
The pad Thai was absolutely delicious !	pad Thai	neutral
It is very reasonably priced and the restaurant itself was superclean .	restaurant	neutral
The service was fabulous and they were so kind to our young daughter who was there with us .	service	neutral
I would highly recommend Arroyo Thai as it is probably the best Thai food we have here in Ahwatukee .	Thai food	neutral
Great place to grab a quick bite .	place	neutral
Talk about a place founded on freshness .	place	neutral
They use quality fresh products .	products	neutral
Great place to find unique snacks and sweets .	place	neutral
The hot lunch buffet offers a variety of dishes .	hot lunch buffet	neutral
The salmon is tasty and not overcooked .. moist and plenty of sauce .	salmon	neutral
The curry dishes are quite spicy for my taste buds	curry dishes	neutral
The staff are n't the friendliest .. quite snotty in fact .	staff	neutral
Waitress was very friendly , very prompt .	Waitress	neutral
It was happy hour , which was awesome as well .	happy	neutral
Everything was delish , the orange blossom roll was phenomenal .	orange blossom roll	neutral
I never came before the management change , this is my favorite sushi spot in AZ so far .	sushi	neutral
I thought the tables , soy sauce bottles and tables were exceptionally clean .	tables	neutral
I thought the tables , soy sauce bottles and tables were exceptionally clean .	soy sauce bottles	neutral
I thought the tables , soy sauce bottles and tables were exceptionally clean .	tables	neutral
The carrot cake was my favorite , the velvet next & not so much on the 3rd .	carrot cake	neutral
Good atmosphere , great service , great management , great food .	atmosphere	neutral
Good atmosphere , great service , great management , great food .	service	neutral
Good atmosphere , great service , great management , great food .	management	neutral
Good atmosphere , great service , great management , great food .	food	neutral
I found the coffee to be strong and hot like coffee should be @ a breakfast restaurant .	coffee	neutral
The juices are fresh squeezed and served in a mason jar .	juices	neutral
The wait was minimul on everything .	wait	neutral
The banana bread french toast was beautiful .	banana bread french toast	neutral
The syrup is kept warm and if the sryup cools down , they bring a new hot container .	syrup	neutral
The syrup is kept warm and if the sryup cools down , they bring a new hot container .	sryup	neutral
Nothing worse than cold syrup on pancakes .	pancakes	neutral
Everyone at Bite seemed like they enjoy there job .	Bite	neutral
We had a wonderful time conversing with the owners and the staff .	owners	neutral
We had a wonderful time conversing with the owners and the staff .	staff	neutral
We will most definatly be back and highly recommend this spot to everyone .	spot	neutral
so I waited in the queue about 10 minutes for a cup of brewed coffee and two doughnuts that tasted worse than what you 'd find in a truck stop .	doughnuts	neutral
Where 's the Starbucks at Toronto Pearson International ?	Starbucks	neutral
No espresso - based drinks , " real fruit smoothies " are just juice concentrate mixed with ice and the doughnut glaze tasted saccharine and fake - like pure high fructose corn syrup .	fruit smoothies	neutral
No espresso - based drinks , " real fruit smoothies " are just juice concentrate mixed with ice and the doughnut glaze tasted saccharine and fake - like pure high fructose corn syrup .	doughnut glaze	neutral
The food is good	food	neutral
The guy taking the money and giving you your food was very rude .	guy	neutral
Great little spot south of Fremont on main street .	spot	neutral
I had the fat Elvis .	fat Elvis	neutral
This is the best stuffed French toast i have ever had .	stuffed French toast	neutral
When i make it back to Vegas going to stop by here and try something else from menu like the chicken fried steak and bacon gravy .	chicken fried steak	neutral
When i make it back to Vegas going to stop by here and try something else from menu like the chicken fried steak and bacon gravy .	bacon gravy	neutral
Service from Justin was awesome .	Service	neutral
Service from Justin was awesome .	Justin	neutral
Was given the opposite : gross dining conditions , rude waiters / waitresses , and an even ruder manager .	dining	neutral
Was given the opposite : gross dining conditions , rude waiters / waitresses , and an even ruder manager .	waiters	neutral
Was given the opposite : gross dining conditions , rude waiters / waitresses , and an even ruder manager .	waitresses	neutral
Was given the opposite : gross dining conditions , rude waiters / waitresses , and an even ruder manager .	manager	neutral
The room itself is small , yet cozy and inviting .	room	neutral
The staff are very friendly and made us feel at home right away .	staff	neutral
The menu is quite large and everything sounds delicious .	menu	neutral
On top of that , there is a specials board with even more delicious - sounding items .	specials	neutral
I started with the citrus iced tea and it was wonderfully refreshing .	citrus iced tea	neutral
The tea was light with just the right amount of lemon and , best of all , it was not too sweet .	tea	neutral
With the entrees we ordered all being extremely rich , this iced tea was perfect to cut through the flavors and cleanse the palate .	iced tea	neutral
Most of us got either the Signature Hamburger or the Not Your Mama 's Grilled Cheese .	Grilled Cheese	neutral
The hamburger had a nicely cooked beef patty ( quite juicy ) , a rectangular slice of crispy mac and cheese , and bacon jam .	hamburger	neutral
The hamburger had a nicely cooked beef patty ( quite juicy ) , a rectangular slice of crispy mac and cheese , and bacon jam .	beef patty	neutral
The hamburger had a nicely cooked beef patty ( quite juicy ) , a rectangular slice of crispy mac and cheese , and bacon jam .	mac and cheese	neutral
A side of fried tater tots tossed in truffle oil was also included , as were some salad leaves .	salad	neutral
With the addition of the Sriracha mayo , the burger was excellent .	Sriracha mayo	neutral
With the addition of the Sriracha mayo , the burger was excellent .	burger	neutral
Savory , cheesy , spicy , and a hint of sweetness from the bacon jam all at the same time .	bacon jam	neutral
I also enjoyed the added texture of the mac and cheese noodles .	mac and cheese noodles	neutral
If I had to find fault , I would say the generic sesame seed bun could have been swapped for something lighter and homemade .	sesame seed bun	neutral
A fluffy eggy golden brioche bun like the ones used at Bachi Burger or Umami Burger would have been better .	bun	neutral
But it 's a small complaint for an excellent burger .	burger	neutral
The Not Your Mama 's Grilled Cheese was also excellent .	Grilled Cheese	neutral
The bread choice was thick , crusty , and a perfect contrast to the mound of soft short rib , bacon jam , cheese , and blanched broccoli rabe .	bread	neutral
The bread choice was thick , crusty , and a perfect contrast to the mound of soft short rib , bacon jam , cheese , and blanched broccoli rabe .	short rib	neutral
The flavor of the short rib was great and elevated the grilled cheese .	short rib	neutral
The flavor of the short rib was great and elevated the grilled cheese .	grilled cheese	neutral
As my friend said , " this is definitely not my mama 's grilled cheese " .	grilled cheese	neutral
The dish is perfect and comes with sides of truffled tater tots and salad .	dish	neutral
The dish is perfect and comes with sides of truffled tater tots and salad .	tater tots	neutral
My friend ordered the Pimp My Bruschetta , where you can choose any three of five types of bruschetta .	Bruschetta	neutral
She enjoyed the minty pureed peas with bacon jam one the best .	minty pureed peas with bacon jam	neutral
She also had the mushroom with Brie and the babaganoush and liked them very much as well .	mushroom with Brie	neutral
She also had the mushroom with Brie and the babaganoush and liked them very much as well .	babaganoush	neutral
We also all shared an order of Godfather 's Mac and Cheese .	Mac and	neutral
It was the best mac and cheese I 've had in a long time .	mac and cheese	neutral
The short rib added savoriness and the flavor was incredible .	short rib	neutral
We also received a very nice dessert platter from the kitchen to help us celebrate the birthday .	dessert	neutral
It was a very appreciated gesture and the staff seemed happy to do it .	staff	neutral
This might be an overly long review considering it 's longer than my review of Per Se , but I was very impressed by Truffles N Bacon and want them to stick around , so	Truffles	neutral
If I had one critique of the food , I would say that the spring mix salad on each entree platter was unnecessary .	spring mix salad	neutral
I would have rather seen them come up with some signature crispy apple / carrot / radish slaw using an acidic and maybe slightly gingery dressing ( no mayo ) .	dressing	neutral
It would be the perfect contrast to the rich food .	food	neutral
My only regret was not having room for the french toast bread pudding they had on the specials board today .	french toast bread pudding	neutral
Not impressed to start the food was a bit pricy for what you get .	food	neutral
The tortillas were dry .. meat was bland .	tortillas	neutral
The tortillas were dry .. meat was bland .	meat	neutral
Also the rice had hard chewy pieces in it .	rice	neutral
I ve never had Asada that taste	Asada	neutral
I also read the reviews before I came in hoping to try their so - called best menudo in town .	menudo	neutral
At least that 's what I was told by our server ..... LAME .	server	neutral
If you 're going to do Mexican food and claim it 's Authentic .	Mexican food	neutral
And to top it off there was hair in the food	food	neutral
This place is alright .	place	neutral
I had high expectations and seeing so many great reviews i was excited to try this place .	place	neutral
The oreos , which i had A TON of were just stale .	oreos	neutral
The marshmellows that i had added were the highlight of it , even though it was just a regular marshmellow .	marshmellows	neutral
The strawberry snoh does not really taste like anything .	strawberry snoh	neutral
The games were disgusting and have nt been wiped down for ages it looks like .	games	neutral
and i do nt even get the right toppings .	toppings	neutral
If you are craving diner food , Paulo & Suzanne is the place to go .	Paulo	neutral
If you are craving diner food , Paulo & Suzanne is the place to go .	Suzanne	neutral
The grilled hot dogs and poutine are my favorite .	grilled hot dogs	neutral
The grilled hot dogs and poutine are my favorite .	poutine	neutral
There is nothing like an all - dressed dog grilled to perfection .	dog	neutral
As for the poutine , you have an array of choices .	poutine	neutral
I tried the chicken and onion poutine and it was bowl licking delicious .	chicken and onion poutine	neutral
The only downside is regarding payment method ; they only take cash and most of the time the ATM is not working .	payment	neutral
It was n't very good , lacked flavor the crab wontons were cold .	crab wontons	neutral
The pad Thai was flavorless too .	pad Thai	neutral
But then again the food is [ beep]ing well done .	food	neutral
That along with his Boxwood Cafe and Maze , changed my perception of UK food .	Boxwood Cafe	neutral
That along with his Boxwood Cafe and Maze , changed my perception of UK food .	Maze	neutral
Sadly , his Vegas restaurants are largely all about capitalizing on image and name and far less so about the food ( Gordon Ramsay Burger , Gordon Ramsay Fish and Chips ...	food	neutral
Sadly , his Vegas restaurants are largely all about capitalizing on image and name and far less so about the food ( Gordon Ramsay Burger , Gordon Ramsay Fish and Chips ...	Fish and Chips	neutral
Straight up , ignore the ridiculous decor , branding and merchandising .	decor	neutral
Straight up , ignore the ridiculous decor , branding and merchandising .	branding	neutral
Straight up , ignore the ridiculous decor , branding and merchandising .	merchandising	neutral
Focus instead on the food .	food	neutral
Portions are sensibly reduced which allows for a complete meal at a more affordable price .	Portions	neutral
Portions are sensibly reduced which allows for a complete meal at a more affordable price .	meal	neutral
For starters , the lobster risotto is very well done .	lobster risotto	neutral
British style ( thicker risoto ) loaded with butternut squash puree that adds earthy sweetness backed by sage and an up front lobster broth all topped by a tender , butter poached lobster tail .	butternut squash puree	neutral
British style ( thicker risoto ) loaded with butternut squash puree that adds earthy sweetness backed by sage and an up front lobster broth all topped by a tender , butter poached lobster tail .	lobster broth	neutral
British style ( thicker risoto ) loaded with butternut squash puree that adds earthy sweetness backed by sage and an up front lobster broth all topped by a tender , butter poached lobster tail .	lobster tail	neutral
The seared scallops , equally impressive .	seared scallops	neutral
Cut in half , then incredibly well seared and seasoned scallops .	scallops	neutral
A pickled apple and celery root slaw provides the perfect acidic foil .	pickled apple and	neutral
A pickled apple and celery root slaw provides the perfect acidic foil .	celery root slaw	neutral
This dish is " devour " worthy !	dish	neutral
The standout main , the beef wellington .	beef wellington	neutral
Perfect cook on the tenderloin , the initial searing and coating with Dijon mustard adds the perfect acidic zing and counterbalances the rich duxelles .	cook	neutral
Perfect cook on the tenderloin , the initial searing and coating with Dijon mustard adds the perfect acidic zing and counterbalances the rich duxelles .	tenderloin	neutral
Perfect cook on the tenderloin , the initial searing and coating with Dijon mustard adds the perfect acidic zing and counterbalances the rich duxelles .	Dijon mustard	neutral
Well cooked pastry .	pastry	neutral
It all pairs well with the slightly sweet , syrupy red wine demi .	red wine demi	neutral
The silky potato puree , heaven .	silky potato puree	neutral
Right behind in quality , the crispy skin salmon .	crispy skin	neutral
Right behind in quality , the crispy skin salmon .	salmon	neutral
Though slightly over , the skin is	skin	neutral
The citrus herb beurre blanc adds great richness and acidic balance .	citrus herb beurre blanc	neutral
Service is enthusiastic but seems forced .	Service	neutral
OK beverage program with lots of themed drinks .	beverage program	neutral
OK beverage program with lots of themed drinks .	drinks	neutral
OK wine list .	wine list	neutral
That said , if you 're willing to spend a bit more , do yourself a favor and hit up Gordon Ramsay Steak instead .	Gordon	neutral
That said , if you 're willing to spend a bit more , do yourself a favor and hit up Gordon Ramsay Steak instead .	Ramsay	neutral
but it delivers the same dishes at twice the quality and much more to offer .	dishes	neutral
This place is really awesome .	place	neutral
I 'm not typically someone that gives out 5 stars but this is an exceptional breakfast joint .	breakfast joint	neutral
The service was prompt and impeccable .	service	neutral
The waiter was able to offer solid recommendations and checked on us frequently but not so often that it became intrusive .	waiter	neutral
The Cortado was a perfect drink .	Cortado	neutral
The food was really good .	food	neutral
It 's a fusion of breakfast foods with a Latin flare .	breakfast foods	neutral
I had the benny that was unique and filling .	benny	neutral
I liked the plantain chips on the side .	plantain chips	neutral
The ambiance and neighborhood is really cool to .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance and neighborhood is really cool to .	neighborhood	neutral
Food Is Delicious , Well Priced .	Food	neutral
Thank You To Handsome Junior , and amazing accent !	Junior	neutral
Thank You To Handsome Junior , and amazing accent !	accent	neutral
Had wonderful customer service .	customer service	neutral
Had the double decker burger -- huge !	double decker burger	neutral
The fries were separate but plenty !	fries	neutral
Found the place really small , I personally expected it to be slightly larger .	place	neutral
My boyfriend had the mango slush with tapioca , the drink was a bit too milky for our taste	mango slush with tapioca	neutral
and I found the tapioca a bit too soft and squishy , and the size was inconsistent .	tapioca	neutral
I had the mango iced tea with mango jelly , which I found a bit too sweet and did not have a mango taste at all	mango iced tea with mango jelly	neutral
This is something I really did n't like about the Green Grotto	Green Grotto	neutral
The taco had a jicama and a white dressing .	taco	neutral
If I am at the airport again , and I need to have something to eat , I would definitely go to this restaurant again .	restaurant	neutral
" there is n't too many places left on earth like this anymore ... where else can you carry open containers of beer or get tasty frozen drinks in souvenir cups while walking from one casino to another , while listening to fantastic " cover bands " and getting your picture taken with celebrity impersonators ?	drinks	neutral
Where else can you get a ice cold beer and a juicy burger for $ 5 ?	beer	neutral
Where else can you get a ice cold beer and a juicy burger for $ 5 ?	burger	neutral
If you want to continue paying $ 300 a night on " The Strip " go right ahead , but for 1/5 of that price you can get a clean room , comfortable bed , great pool , great table games , and one of the most comfortable Sports Books in town , in other words save that extra money your blowing on a bed you barely sleep in and use that hard earned money toward more gambling , food , and entertainment ... come to The Nug and while you 're at it enjoy Freemont St ...	room	neutral
If you want to continue paying $ 300 a night on " The Strip " go right ahead , but for 1/5 of that price you can get a clean room , comfortable bed , great pool , great table games , and one of the most comfortable Sports Books in town , in other words save that extra money your blowing on a bed you barely sleep in and use that hard earned money toward more gambling , food , and entertainment ... come to The Nug and while you 're at it enjoy Freemont St ...	bed	neutral
If you want to continue paying $ 300 a night on " The Strip " go right ahead , but for 1/5 of that price you can get a clean room , comfortable bed , great pool , great table games , and one of the most comfortable Sports Books in town , in other words save that extra money your blowing on a bed you barely sleep in and use that hard earned money toward more gambling , food , and entertainment ... come to The Nug and while you 're at it enjoy Freemont St ...	pool	neutral
If you want to continue paying $ 300 a night on " The Strip " go right ahead , but for 1/5 of that price you can get a clean room , comfortable bed , great pool , great table games , and one of the most comfortable Sports Books in town , in other words save that extra money your blowing on a bed you barely sleep in and use that hard earned money toward more gambling , food , and entertainment ... come to The Nug and while you 're at it enjoy Freemont St ...	table games	neutral
If you want to continue paying $ 300 a night on " The Strip " go right ahead , but for 1/5 of that price you can get a clean room , comfortable bed , great pool , great table games , and one of the most comfortable Sports Books in town , in other words save that extra money your blowing on a bed you barely sleep in and use that hard earned money toward more gambling , food , and entertainment ... come to The Nug and while you 're at it enjoy Freemont St ...	Sports	neutral
PS this place is n't for kids ... this is Adult World ...	place	neutral
Fantastic sandwiches & burgers .	sandwiches	neutral
Fantastic sandwiches & burgers .	burgers	neutral
I had the Italian panini and loved the added touch of cream cheese .	Italian panini	neutral
Bad customer service , sub par food , small portions and over priced .	customer service	neutral
Bad customer service , sub par food , small portions and over priced .	food	neutral
Bad customer service , sub par food , small portions and over priced .	portions	neutral
They have different kinds of bbq sauce but there was only one available for me to try .	bbq sauce	neutral
I had the brisket sandwhich and mac n cheese , brisket was greasy and mac n cheese was bland .	brisket sandwhich	neutral
I had the brisket sandwhich and mac n cheese , brisket was greasy and mac n cheese was bland .	mac n cheese	neutral
I had the brisket sandwhich and mac n cheese , brisket was greasy and mac n cheese was bland .	brisket	neutral
I had the brisket sandwhich and mac n cheese , brisket was greasy and mac n cheese was bland .	mac	neutral
I would give this restaurant 4 . 5 stars .	restaurant	neutral
Firefly was a really great restaurant with a nice ambience , friendly waiters , and yummy food .	Firefly	neutral
Firefly was a really great restaurant with a nice ambience , friendly waiters , and yummy food .	ambience	neutral
Firefly was a really great restaurant with a nice ambience , friendly waiters , and yummy food .	waiters	neutral
Firefly was a really great restaurant with a nice ambience , friendly waiters , and yummy food .	food	neutral
We were worried about the portion sizes because most tapas are really really small .	portion	neutral
We were worried about the portion sizes because most tapas are really really small .	tapas	neutral
star for their weak sangria ...	sangria	neutral
Other than that , I think i 'll make this restaurant a regular dining experience everytime	restaurant	neutral
Love the breakfast Burritos , my son goes to Perry high school and just loves this place .	breakfast Burritos	neutral
Love the breakfast Burritos , my son goes to Perry high school and just loves this place .	place	neutral
The water tasted old and the food tasted microwaved .	water	neutral
The water tasted old and the food tasted microwaved .	food	neutral
The only thing that was good was the service .	service	neutral
Customer service is not good at all .	Customer service	neutral
The bread and oil served as you arrive turned out to be the highlight of the meal .	bread	neutral
The bread and oil served as you arrive turned out to be the highlight of the meal .	oil	neutral
My ravioli was tasty except for the huge black pepper pieces that overpowered it .	ravioli	neutral
My ravioli was tasty except for the huge black pepper pieces that overpowered it .	black pepper	neutral
The service was awful .	service	neutral
Worst waiter	waiter	neutral
The Tomato Gin soup is " off the chain" .... but the gravy on the rotisserie chicken crepe will have you running to find the nearest outhouse .	Tomato Gin soup	neutral
The Tomato Gin soup is " off the chain" .... but the gravy on the rotisserie chicken crepe will have you running to find the nearest outhouse .	rotisserie chicken crepe	neutral
The desserts are blah .	desserts	neutral
You would think being named the " White chocolate Grill " you would have some awesome desserts .	desserts	neutral
On the other hand , the service is awesome and there is no pretentious behavior from waitstaff .... in spite of the location .	service	neutral
On the other hand , the service is awesome and there is no pretentious behavior from waitstaff .... in spite of the location .	waitstaff	neutral
On the other hand , the service is awesome and there is no pretentious behavior from waitstaff .... in spite of the location .	location	neutral
The food here is a solid three stars .	food	neutral
It 's a standard menu with standard food that 's a little overpriced for what you get .	menu	neutral
It 's a standard menu with standard food that 's a little overpriced for what you get .	food	neutral
They really do know how to make a good cheesecake , although you 'll probably only need about half a slice .	cheesecake	neutral
Their filling is thick while still remaining creamy and full of flavor and the selection is astounding ( the tiramisu cheesecake is my personal favorite ) .	tiramisu	neutral
Their filling is thick while still remaining creamy and full of flavor and the selection is astounding ( the tiramisu cheesecake is my personal favorite ) .	cheesecake	neutral
You ca n't beat this location though .	location	neutral
They are NOT kidding about the spice level .	spice	neutral
I think this is one of the only places in Toronto that has Laksa , and it 's really good .	Laksa	neutral
The bowl of noodles was HUGE	bowl of noodles	neutral
Snacks is a super tiny take out place with room for maybe 10 people to sit max , so if you have a large order or a group of friends , it is better to call in to order take out and then go pick it up .	Snacks	neutral
Wanted the Teriyaki Tempeh sandwich for dinner but they were out of tempeh	Teriyaki Tempeh	neutral
so I just ordered the BBQ Tofu sandwich which came with a pretty tasty kale slaw .	BBQ Tofu sandwich	neutral
The sandwich was quite filling and delicious overall .	sandwich	neutral
I would return to try other options ( especially salad bowls and cupcakes )	salad bowls	neutral
I would return to try other options ( especially salad bowls and cupcakes )	cupcakes	neutral
Best place in Scar no doubt , possibly in all of TO too	place	neutral
Yes it has a convenient location especially if you are shopping and a people	location	neutral
But the food was subpar , drinks were weak .	food	neutral
But the food was subpar , drinks were weak .	drinks	neutral
I had the fettucini which tasted like noodles and cooked milk .	fettucini	neutral
My salad came like other reviewers - whole .	salad	neutral
my salad already chopped .	salad	neutral
Bleu cheese dressing tasted like heavy cream with salt .	Bleu cheese dressing	neutral
My husband had the chicken parm .	chicken	neutral
Waiter was a bit of a wiseass but could have had a bad day .	Waiter	neutral
I went to eat breakfast here this morning and I have to tell you that WOW it was a great place to eat breakfast ! !	place	neutral
The waitress was polite and the food was great and reasonable !	waitress	neutral
The waitress was polite and the food was great and reasonable !	food	neutral
Had the Eggs Benedict and I will make sure to treat myself every Friday ! ! !	Eggs Benedict	neutral
The price / service were as good as it gets partially because I was traveling with an event planner and the room was comped .	service	neutral
The water slide kicked ass .	water slide	neutral
Enjoyed the fake sandy beach and night time jacuzzi .	night time	neutral
Enjoyed the fake sandy beach and night time jacuzzi .	jacuzzi	neutral
We had a key to the VIP lounge and access to happy hour snacks and lox and fruit , yogurt , Belgian waffles , oatmeal , cold cereal , and lox and salmon bagels for breakfast .	Belgian waffles	neutral
We ordered a plain bean and cheese burrito for a kid .	bean and cheese	neutral
We know a thing or two about quality sushi .	sushi	neutral
We decided to try the all you can eat .	all you can eat	neutral
ARE THINNNLY SLICE AND RICE	RICE	neutral
The all you can eat menu is very limited selection of rolls you can choose from .	all you can eat menu	neutral
The only decent thing was they had " mochi " as most other all you can eat only have ice creams .	all you can eat	neutral
Not many Latinos out in these parts pero mi michilada was perfecto gracias	mi michilada	neutral
Got a torta with al pastor , and a couple of tacos .	torta	neutral
Got a torta with al pastor , and a couple of tacos .	al pastor	neutral
The torta was super tasty and the tacos were small but filled with meat .	torta	neutral
The torta was super tasty and the tacos were small but filled with meat .	tacos	neutral
As for the guy complaining about the service ...	service	neutral
This restaurant is very good and has a great dining area .	restaurant	neutral
This restaurant is very good and has a great dining area .	dining area	neutral
They have a good selection of beers and solid Belgian menu .	beers	neutral
They have a good selection of beers and solid Belgian menu .	Belgian menu	neutral
The mussels and fries were phenomenal .	mussels	neutral
The mussels and fries were phenomenal .	fries	neutral
I had the white wine sauce , which was good and the mayonnaise with the fries pairs very well .	white wine sauce	neutral
I had the white wine sauce , which was good and the mayonnaise with the fries pairs very well .	mayonnaise	neutral
I had the white wine sauce , which was good and the mayonnaise with the fries pairs very well .	fries	neutral
Their dessert , not so much .	dessert	neutral
Half of the pastry had n't been fully cooked .	pastry	neutral
I do n't believe the menu is over priced , but fair for what you are getting .	menu	neutral
Truly the very BEST Napoleon you will ever taste ! !	Napoleon	neutral
Wonderful fresh authentic pastries and a friendly staff ! !	pastries	neutral
Wonderful fresh authentic pastries and a friendly staff ! !	staff	neutral
The ambiance was great and so were the servers , they were courteous & polite .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance was great and so were the servers , they were courteous & polite .	servers	neutral
We ordered a portion of their breaded shrimp from the shareable appetizer section and a portion of the 12 oz prime rib .	breaded shrimp	neutral
We ordered a portion of their breaded shrimp from the shareable appetizer section and a portion of the 12 oz prime rib .	prime rib	neutral
The appetizer was just average , slightly on the saltier side .	appetizer	neutral
However their prime rib was awesome !	prime rib	neutral
Will definitely go back there for steaks !	steaks	neutral
Great atmosphere , knowledgable staff , superior product .	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere , knowledgable staff , superior product .	staff	neutral
The cold brew is smooth yet complex .	cold brew	neutral
From the non smile unfriendly hostess , to the " blown away " ( not in a good way ) meal , we 've had it all .	hostess	neutral
From the non smile unfriendly hostess , to the " blown away " ( not in a good way ) meal , we 've had it all .	meal	neutral
Then we decided to give this place a try , unfortunately we regretted it so so so much !	place	neutral
Skip the " little finger	little finger	neutral
" ( literally , tomato salad was just 3 tiny pieces of tomato ) portion appetizer , let 's talk about the mains .	tomato salad	neutral
Mine was the cod fish , which tastes like a over - cooked chicken breast , the texture of this delicate fish was totally ruined by the unhappy chef ( I assumed , otherwise I had no idea how a chef could handle cod fish so horribly ) .	cod fish	neutral
Mine was the cod fish , which tastes like a over - cooked chicken breast , the texture of this delicate fish was totally ruined by the unhappy chef ( I assumed , otherwise I had no idea how a chef could handle cod fish so horribly ) .	fish	neutral
Mine was the cod fish , which tastes like a over - cooked chicken breast , the texture of this delicate fish was totally ruined by the unhappy chef ( I assumed , otherwise I had no idea how a chef could handle cod fish so horribly ) .	chef	neutral
Mine was the cod fish , which tastes like a over - cooked chicken breast , the texture of this delicate fish was totally ruined by the unhappy chef ( I assumed , otherwise I had no idea how a chef could handle cod fish so horribly ) .	chef	neutral
Mine was the cod fish , which tastes like a over - cooked chicken breast , the texture of this delicate fish was totally ruined by the unhappy chef ( I assumed , otherwise I had no idea how a chef could handle cod fish so horribly ) .	cod	neutral
And the beef dish my friend had	beef dish	neutral
I do n't even know where to start it , from the portion ( there we go , this time was thumb size , a little bit bigger , eh ) to the taste , it was literally a piece of sadness !	portion	neutral
She could n't even cut the meat apart by using the knife , imagine how stiff the beef was !	beef	neutral
And the worst part was my " hard as a rock " dessert , it was this tiny little ugly looking cake ( or cookie ? ) which felt like sitting in a shelf for 3 days !	dessert	neutral
I feel like I just threw my $ 50 bucks to the water , I got confused why this place been raked as 4 . 5 stars , I 'll let the pictures tell the truth , I 'm gon na go grab my homemade sandwich and call it the night !	sandwich	neutral
The serving sizes were good ( except the chicken was a bit on the small side ) .	serving sizes	neutral
The serving sizes were good ( except the chicken was a bit on the small side ) .	chicken	neutral
The salad was fresh .	salad	neutral
Greek food has never been a very flavourful type of food to me , but I was happy with this dinner tonight .	Greek food	neutral
Cozy , great lunch spot .	lunch	neutral
Excellent sandwiches and yummy salads .	sandwiches	neutral
Excellent sandwiches and yummy salads .	salads	neutral
Delicious baked goods too .	baked goods	neutral
Their website says the buffet is served until 2:30 , but when we arrived at 1:45 , we noticed a sign in the window ( dated 2003 ! )	buffet	neutral
The buffet was totally picked over , they did n't restock any of the interesting items , half of the trays were full of either non - thai food ( tempura ? egg - drop soup ? )	buffet	neutral
or filler ( shrimp chips ,	shrimp chips	neutral
One curry , one stir fry , one thai soup ... and all of it lukewarm .	curry	neutral
One curry , one stir fry , one thai soup ... and all of it lukewarm .	stir fry	neutral
One curry , one stir fry , one thai soup ... and all of it lukewarm .	thai soup	neutral
The only salad was iceberg and miso dressing .	salad	neutral
Avoid the lunch buffet at all costs .	lunch buffet	neutral
It 's a creditable Thai restaurant , and they certainly serve some of the best Thai food I 've had since San Francisco 's Thep Phanom took its nosedive into mediocrity .	Thai food	neutral
Every dish we tried was tasty and properly balanced , the service was attentive and welcoming , and the menu 's impressive in its diversity .	dish	neutral
Every dish we tried was tasty and properly balanced , the service was attentive and welcoming , and the menu 's impressive in its diversity .	service	neutral
Every dish we tried was tasty and properly balanced , the service was attentive and welcoming , and the menu 's impressive in its diversity .	menu	neutral
But unless you 've spent your life eating ketchup - y pad thai , Lotus of Siam is not going to change the way you think about Thai food .	pad	neutral
But unless you 've spent your life eating ketchup - y pad thai , Lotus of Siam is not going to change the way you think about Thai food .	Thai food	neutral
Go , instead , hungry for a well - made , casual dinner in an atmosphere that could n't be less " Vegas " if it tried .	atmosphere	neutral
And , of course , the food was wonderful .	food	neutral
We both had bibimbap ( mine tofu ) that we really enjoyed .	bibimbap	neutral
All the free starters were delicious .	free starters	neutral
Delicious buffet .	buffet	neutral
Awesome service .	service	neutral
My only complaint : the desserts are not as good as the food .	desserts	neutral
The place is cool like the whole hotel .	place	neutral
Not a big fan of this place .	place	neutral
The food was just ok .	food	neutral
What they call Shawarma is just a chicken wrap and the chicken was n't too tasty .	Shawarma	neutral
What they call Shawarma is just a chicken wrap and the chicken was n't too tasty .	chicken	neutral
They do n't use the authentic toum sauce and it 's just a confused dish .	toum sauce	neutral
The Babaghanoush was nothing great too .	Babaghanoush	neutral
The falafel was better than the meat .	falafel	neutral
I have never been inside to have a meal , but i have heard all good things about this place , so why not ? !	place	neutral
we ordered simple things : a tamale , a green chile pork burrito with rice and beans and two fish tacos .	green chile pork burrito with rice	neutral
the salsa was pretty flavorless .	salsa	neutral
the green chile pork was described as " not bad " but the rice was dry and beans with the slice of cheese draped over the top were still bland .	green chile pork	neutral
the green chile pork was described as " not bad " but the rice was dry and beans with the slice of cheese draped over the top were still bland .	rice	neutral
the green chile pork was described as " not bad " but the rice was dry and beans with the slice of cheese draped over the top were still bland .	beans	neutral
the tortillas for the fish tacos seemed like they were microwaved rather than cooked on a comal and it had so much garnish on the top that we could n't see the fish .	tortillas	neutral
the tortillas for the fish tacos seemed like they were microwaved rather than cooked on a comal and it had so much garnish on the top that we could n't see the fish .	fish tacos	neutral
the chips tasted like they were fried in old grease .	chips	neutral
i would not ever recommend this place to anyone looking for a great place to eat .	place	neutral
i would not ever recommend this place to anyone looking for a great place to eat .	place	neutral
I was excited to get the huge Bloody Mary with all the fixings but was disappointed .	Bloody Mary	neutral
The Bloody Mary was very watered down and all the food that came in it was not very warm .	Bloody Mary	neutral
The Bloody Mary was very watered down and all the food that came in it was not very warm .	food	neutral
The cornbread was delicious but the grits not so much .	cornbread	neutral
The cornbread was delicious but the grits not so much .	grits	neutral
The service and atmosphere were okay	service	neutral
The service and atmosphere were okay	atmosphere	neutral
I stayed here for a week due to a work event so ca n't comment on the price ( thanks work ) but can on the atmosphere and service .	atmosphere	neutral
I stayed here for a week due to a work event so ca n't comment on the price ( thanks work ) but can on the atmosphere and service .	service	neutral
This place is beautiful !	place	neutral
The service was attentive and our room was huge and beautiful !	service	neutral
The service was attentive and our room was huge and beautiful !	room	neutral
The location of our hotel room though was pretty far from everything else .	hotel room	neutral
I guess with how large this place is , it 's hard to to accommodate everyone in terms of location .	place	neutral
The restaurants were pretty good but a little overpriced .	restaurants	neutral
Also , you guys have some really creepy looking birds that like to attack leftover food .	birds	neutral
I 'm docking it in stars because of the customer service .	customer service	neutral
He corrected the issue and sent me a new bill immediately but for such a nice hotel AND for such a large group that just dropped a load of money on your resort , ignoring someone for two days is not acceptable .	hotel	neutral
Everyone was nice , the Mexican food was tasty	Mexican food	neutral
( cerviche was seriously good ) , and the drinks were well mixed .	cerviche	neutral
( cerviche was seriously good ) , and the drinks were well mixed .	drinks	neutral
Such a romantic and beautiful setting !	setting	neutral
I 'm not sure I 'd go back for dinner - limited menu .	menu	neutral
Wish I would 've noticed the patio earlier .	patio	neutral
Cafe Rio has great food .	food	neutral
I 've tried several of the items on their menu and have never been disappointed .	menu	neutral
My mouth is watering as I write this review thinking about the delicious sweet pork .	sweet pork	neutral
I always get a side of their creamy tomatillo dressing to dip my tacos in !	tomatillo dressing	neutral
I always get a side of their creamy tomatillo dressing to dip my tacos in !	tacos	neutral
The only reason I 'm knocking off a star is for their slow lunch service .	lunch service	neutral
I hope the owner see this and knows the employee did all he could and the lady	owner	neutral
We got a nice spot outside next to the fountain which was perfect .	spot	neutral
Because our children did n't want anything on the menu , the chef graciously accommodated us by making a special grilled chicken meal with salad and fries- the chicken was delicious !	chef	neutral
Because our children did n't want anything on the menu , the chef graciously accommodated us by making a special grilled chicken meal with salad and fries- the chicken was delicious !	grilled chicken meal	neutral
Because our children did n't want anything on the menu , the chef graciously accommodated us by making a special grilled chicken meal with salad and fries- the chicken was delicious !	salad	neutral
Because our children did n't want anything on the menu , the chef graciously accommodated us by making a special grilled chicken meal with salad and fries- the chicken was delicious !	fries-	neutral
I ordered the grilled chicken salad which was so good	grilled chicken salad	neutral
We all ordered dessert and I highly recommend the chocolate cake with ice cream .	chocolate cake with ice cream	neutral
Service was great , I have to say I 'm impressed with the food , the open kitchen , the exhaust fan is quiet and efficient .	Service	neutral
Service was great , I have to say I 'm impressed with the food , the open kitchen , the exhaust fan is quiet and efficient .	food	neutral
Service was great , I have to say I 'm impressed with the food , the open kitchen , the exhaust fan is quiet and efficient .	open kitchen	neutral
Service was great , I have to say I 'm impressed with the food , the open kitchen , the exhaust fan is quiet and efficient .	exhaust fan	neutral
She calls down and they say it 's on its way like they were just then sending it out , worst pizza hut in town .	pizza	neutral
I would give this place a better rating IF I did n't have so many issues .	place	neutral
We were sat , then un - sat because the hostesses were all on their own agenda .	hostesses	neutral
Our food takes forever to come out .	food	neutral
& then the manager ( I assume ) comes over and says she will discount our meal for taking so long .	manager	neutral
Not to mention our server comes by and says your kitchen messes up on the daily here .	server	neutral
The food , beer , ambiance , and service are always excellent !	food	neutral
The food , beer , ambiance , and service are always excellent !	beer	neutral
The food , beer , ambiance , and service are always excellent !	ambiance	neutral
The food , beer , ambiance , and service are always excellent !	service	neutral
Symon lives up to his reputation !	Symon	neutral
AMAZING pastrami Beef Rib	pastrami Beef Rib	neutral
-- I have been a chef for over 30 years and this was THE BEST Beef Rib I have ever had --	Beef Rib	neutral
This this should be a slogan on their t - shirts !	t	neutral
we just met -- great food and vibe .	food	neutral
we just met -- great food and vibe .	vibe	neutral
Twirl is a good place to get self - serve froyo and toppings .	froyo	neutral
Twirl is a good place to get self - serve froyo and toppings .	toppings	neutral
The caramel and nutella froyo are very good !	caramel	neutral
The caramel and nutella froyo are very good !	nutella froyo	neutral
They have a good topping selection and the clerk even offered to get me fresh toppings from the back when I told her I was gluten - intolerant to ensure that they had n't had any other gluten - containing toppings dropped in the bins .	topping selection	neutral
They have a good topping selection and the clerk even offered to get me fresh toppings from the back when I told her I was gluten - intolerant to ensure that they had n't had any other gluten - containing toppings dropped in the bins .	clerk	neutral
I like that they have whipped cream available too .	whipped	neutral
The only significant quibble I had was that the large table was a little too big for people who were trying to converse while sitting across from each other .	large table	neutral
The poke bowls are soooo good !	poke bowls	neutral
Also the customer service is amazing everyone is so nice in there .	customer service	neutral
The Sea bass is not too bad .	Sea bass	neutral
But I tried the Pad Thai and Pad Se Ew , those two is a fail .	Pad Thai	neutral
But I tried the Pad Thai and Pad Se Ew , those two is a fail .	Pad Se Ew	neutral
Portion is ok	Portion	neutral
but the noodle was hard and glue together .	noodle	neutral
The decor is nice .	decor	neutral
Hot tea if I remember is $ 4 .	Hot tea	neutral
So I had never had authentic Hawaiian until island flavor .	Hawaiian	neutral
Man the furikake chicken is something else .	furikake chicken	neutral
The portions should be called sumo sized .	portions	neutral
very good food and fresh ingredients , sometimes staff is not the friendliest though .	food	neutral
very good food and fresh ingredients , sometimes staff is not the friendliest though .	ingredients	neutral
very good food and fresh ingredients , sometimes staff is not the friendliest though .	staff	neutral
i love the broccoli cheddar soup , it 's definitely unique compared to the typical broccoli cheddar soup .	broccoli cheddar soup	neutral
Service is great .	Service	neutral
I had the rotisserie chicken with the lemon and roasted garlic sauce .	rotisserie chicken with the lemon and roasted garlic sauce	neutral
Do not pass this place up anymore ...... it is a must do !	place	neutral
Both times the food was fantastic .	food	neutral
Only minor complaint is I wish there was more chicken in the main dishes .	main dishes	neutral
The chicken biryani was delicious .	chicken biryani	neutral
Naan was toasty , crisp and perfect .	Naan	neutral
Laura A. 's review is reflective of my evaluation of Kabuto .	Kabuto	neutral
This place was ok .	place	neutral
We ordered double apple and the shisha was way too syrupy .	shisha	neutral
The food was also just average .	food	neutral
We both had the chicken wrap .	chicken wrap	neutral
Be warned the red peppers are SUPER HOT inside it .	red peppers	neutral
The drinks however are strong , and our waitress was attentive .	drinks	neutral
The drinks however are strong , and our waitress was attentive .	waitress	neutral
Amazing lunch sushi spot .	lunch sushi spot	neutral
Quality food at reasonable prices .	food	neutral
Bento boxes , sashimi , sushi , maki rolls - all good .	Bento boxes	neutral
Bento boxes , sashimi , sushi , maki rolls - all good .	sashimi	neutral
Bento boxes , sashimi , sushi , maki rolls - all good .	sushi	neutral
Bento boxes , sashimi , sushi , maki rolls - all good .	maki rolls	neutral
A rice bowl dish that comes sizzling to your table .	rice bowl dish	neutral
Service is fast and welcoming .	Service	neutral
Quite place .	place	neutral
Good quality of fish .	fish	neutral
I would n't say izakaya style kinda place	place	neutral
but they quite large menu .	menu	neutral
I like the poke bowl $ 13	poke bowl	neutral
Since this is a BBQ place , meat quality is really important .	meat	neutral
It 's not the best place I tried , but it 's not that bad , so average again .	place	neutral
For example , the BBQ lamb skewer , you will find one piece that 's too fat / hard to chew per 2 skewers , on average .	BBQ lamb skewer	neutral
What I do n't like is the spice use .	spice	neutral
The spice on most of the items we ordered ( lamb skewer , chicken heart , chicken wing , soft bones , etc . ) tasted the same ( salt , chili peppers , cumin ) and is very overpowering , too salty and too spicy .	lamb skewer	neutral
The spice on most of the items we ordered ( lamb skewer , chicken heart , chicken wing , soft bones , etc . ) tasted the same ( salt , chili peppers , cumin ) and is very overpowering , too salty and too spicy .	chicken heart	neutral
The spice on most of the items we ordered ( lamb skewer , chicken heart , chicken wing , soft bones , etc . ) tasted the same ( salt , chili peppers , cumin ) and is very overpowering , too salty and too spicy .	chicken wing	neutral
The spice on most of the items we ordered ( lamb skewer , chicken heart , chicken wing , soft bones , etc . ) tasted the same ( salt , chili peppers , cumin ) and is very overpowering , too salty and too spicy .	soft bones	neutral
The spice on most of the items we ordered ( lamb skewer , chicken heart , chicken wing , soft bones , etc . ) tasted the same ( salt , chili peppers , cumin ) and is very overpowering , too salty and too spicy .	chili	neutral
We ordered 4 servings of the lamb skewer , each serving being 4 skewers ( per menu ) .	lamb skewer	neutral
We were eating and chatting , so we forgot about the missing lamb skewers .	lamb skewers	neutral
Usually this is not a problem , but when the food come so slow , it became a problem .	food	neutral
16 pieces of wings to be precise .	wings	neutral
The service was fantastic and the calamari were huge .	service	neutral
The service was fantastic and the calamari were huge .	calamari	neutral
I enjoyed the veal piccata the veal was tender but a bit salty for me .	veal piccata	neutral
I enjoyed the veal piccata the veal was tender but a bit salty for me .	veal	neutral
The sang me happy birthday and brought me a dessert , it tasted fine	dessert	neutral
I can not say enough good about how the service was with almost 20 of us they did great a couple of mix ups on who got what	service	neutral
Great wine list and surprisingly interesting and delicious menu .	wine list	neutral
Great wine list and surprisingly interesting and delicious menu .	menu	neutral
This was a very nice experience being able to design my pizza my way without getting charged for each and everything .	pizza	neutral
The pizza was delicious the perfect crisp with chewy inside on the crust .	pizza	neutral
The pizza was delicious the perfect crisp with chewy inside on the crust .	crust	neutral
The tables and chairs made you want to eat inside they were clean and modern .	tables	neutral
The tables and chairs made you want to eat inside they were clean and modern .	chairs	neutral
Very nice you see pizzas being made right in front of you .	pizzas	neutral
I was beyond thrilled when the host said " yes we have a table available " ! !	host	neutral
Our waitress Leslie was pleasant and helpful with giving recommendations .	waitress	neutral
We ordered the scallop for appetizer , the lobster Mac and Cheese , and broccollini for our sides , and I ordered the special of the day ribeye .	lobster Mac and Cheese	neutral
Although they told us to be careful the plate is hot , nothing on our table was " hot " ! ! !	plate	neutral
From the plate to our food ! ! !	food	neutral
And as for the steak .... it was just OK .	steak	neutral
The ambiance is just OK as well ;	ambiance	neutral
Normal restaurant atmosphere .	restaurant atmosphere	neutral
The one thing I agree with most reviewers is that this restaurant is a $ $ $ $ ( four $ sign ) because it 's expensive .	restaurant	neutral
For the money I spent , I am sure I can find a restaurant with better food in Vegas .	food	neutral
Great food and friendly service !	food	neutral
Great food and friendly service !	service	neutral
The butter chicken was the best I 've ever had !	butter chicken	neutral
What a disgrace he is to this establishment !	establishment	neutral
Get better managers D&B !	D&B	neutral
I feel sorry for the wait staff that has to work under him .	wait staff	neutral
Great food .	food	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
The server Kristen is so friendly fun and Nice !	server	neutral
The server Kristen is so friendly fun and Nice !	Kristen	neutral
Nice view of the runway and fancy planes .	view	neutral
Nice view of the runway and fancy planes .	planes	neutral
Crab cakes were not on the menu - it was Pickerel fish cakes , and they were okay but not amazing .	Crab cakes	neutral
Also had the Old Angus Meatballs , which were good but not great .	Old Angus Meatballs	neutral
The bottled beer arrived sticky on the outside with a small shard of glass on the side ( something must have broken above or near the bottle ) .	bottled beer	neutral
Replacing it was not a problem but getting it in the first place was disheartening because it 's not like the waiter was so overworked he did n't notice .	waiter	neutral
The service was incredibly slow .	service	neutral
Eventually , other people arrived but clearly experienced the same frustration with slow service as we did .	service	neutral
We waited with dirty plates and empty glasses on our tables before giving up on the waiter and going to the bar to pay the bill .	waiter	neutral
Delicious sandwiches here try the eggplant on pumpernickel its amazing !	sandwiches	neutral
Delicious sandwiches here try the eggplant on pumpernickel its amazing !	eggplant on pumpernickel	neutral
Staff is always friendly and does n't rush you .	Staff	neutral
Here 's a place if you walk in the door and smell that delicious popcorn	popcorn	neutral
so you really ca n't go wrong with chrissys the people there are very friendly and you ca n't go wrong best popcorn around so come on come on and go to Chrissy 's	chrissys	neutral
so you really ca n't go wrong with chrissys the people there are very friendly and you ca n't go wrong best popcorn around so come on come on and go to Chrissy 's	popcorn	neutral
To start off , I would like to state that I used to be a huge fan of this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
We went on a Sunday around 5:00 PM and it was not packed which I was happy about as the service can be pretty slow when that occurs .	service	neutral
and I thought that Fresh would be the best option considering the veggies are always fresh and you can order a pretty healthy and tasty meal .	veggies	neutral
and I thought that Fresh would be the best option considering the veggies are always fresh and you can order a pretty healthy and tasty meal .	meal	neutral
Two of the four meals ordered were pretty dull but edible and the other two ...	meals	neutral
The bean sprouts were brown and borderline bad , the kale was yellow , hard and so bitter	bean sprouts	neutral
The bean sprouts were brown and borderline bad , the kale was yellow , hard and so bitter	kale	neutral
When the server came around and asked us how everything was , I informed her of the food and thank goodness	server	neutral
Service was CRAP - literally took more than an hour to get our food .	Service	neutral
Service seems to be about the same either way .	Service	neutral
Food was CRAP - 12 " pastrami pizza :	Food	neutral
Food was CRAP - 12 " pastrami pizza :	pastrami pizza	neutral
BARELY had any sauce which it DESPERATELY needed it because the wings were over - fried .	wings	neutral
And omg , the manager was walking around with a pizza box under his armpit then walked around ate pizza around the starving customers .	manager	neutral
If you 're looking for a good breakfast in a classy place , this is the restaurant for you .	breakfast	neutral
If you 're looking for a good breakfast in a classy place , this is the restaurant for you .	place	neutral
It was hands down the best breakfast I have ever bought .	breakfast	neutral
The orange juice was fresh squeezed , the waitresses were pretty , punctual , and polite , the buckwheat and chocolate chip pancakes were fantastic , and the restaurant 's atmosphere was pleasant and classy .	orange juice	neutral
The orange juice was fresh squeezed , the waitresses were pretty , punctual , and polite , the buckwheat and chocolate chip pancakes were fantastic , and the restaurant 's atmosphere was pleasant and classy .	waitresses	neutral
The orange juice was fresh squeezed , the waitresses were pretty , punctual , and polite , the buckwheat and chocolate chip pancakes were fantastic , and the restaurant 's atmosphere was pleasant and classy .	buckwheat	neutral
The orange juice was fresh squeezed , the waitresses were pretty , punctual , and polite , the buckwheat and chocolate chip pancakes were fantastic , and the restaurant 's atmosphere was pleasant and classy .	chocolate chip pancakes	neutral
The orange juice was fresh squeezed , the waitresses were pretty , punctual , and polite , the buckwheat and chocolate chip pancakes were fantastic , and the restaurant 's atmosphere was pleasant and classy .	atmosphere	neutral
You 'll pay a bit more for a meal	meal	neutral
( OJ and chocolate chip pancakes with a side of bacon was $ 17 , not including tip ) , but it will be totally worth it .	OJ	neutral
( OJ and chocolate chip pancakes with a side of bacon was $ 17 , not including tip ) , but it will be totally worth it .	chocolate	neutral
qui veut des sushis fondants ?	sushis	neutral
qui veut des sushis originaux ?	sushis	neutral
qui veut de la mayo 辿pic辿e ?	mayo	neutral
Valet is super convenient for starters .	Valet	neutral
Love the atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Happy hour in the bar is great but only in the bar .	Happy	neutral
Happy hour in the bar is great but only in the bar .	bar	neutral
Happy hour in the bar is great but only in the bar .	bar	neutral
but hey , a crowded restaurant is loud .	restaurant	neutral
Got a martini for starters .	martini	neutral
It was delayed a couple minutes and came after everyone else got their drinks and the bar manager comped them .	bar manager	neutral
Oysters are always delish .	Oysters	neutral
I got crab cakes that were fabulous as well .	crab cakes	neutral
Brussels spouts are a must if you go there .	Brussels spouts	neutral
My girlfriend got a filet that was cooked to perfection	filet	neutral
Pull apart rolls are just silly good .	Pull apart rolls	neutral
Beautiful restaurant , a hidden secret .	restaurant	neutral
Old Vegas style , nice dark restaurant with a great atmosphere .	restaurant	neutral
Old Vegas style , nice dark restaurant with a great atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
The food is some of the best I 've ever had .	food	neutral
Professional staff , great drinks , everything was excellent .	staff	neutral
Professional staff , great drinks , everything was excellent .	drinks	neutral
Yes this Kitchen Table has great breakfast Brunch only a 20 minuets wait .	Kitchen Table	neutral
Yes this Kitchen Table has great breakfast Brunch only a 20 minuets wait .	breakfast Brunch	neutral
Try the Tacquitos	Tacquitos	neutral
Coffee is good service is excellent always with a wonderful smile a pleasant disposition	Coffee	neutral
Coffee is good service is excellent always with a wonderful smile a pleasant disposition	service	neutral
Some people might gripe or balk on the atmosphere , but I say it really adds to the experience .	atmosphere	neutral
My server , I 'm guessing the daughter of the owners , was very courteous and I found the inattention by the mother and father and the mother 's talking on the phone to a relative in Japanese quaint .	server	neutral
SO YEAH , THE FOOD .	FOOD	neutral
Anyway , this is n't the place to go if you 're looking for an upbeat atmosphere with tons of people and all that .	place	neutral
Anyway , this is n't the place to go if you 're looking for an upbeat atmosphere with tons of people and all that .	atmosphere	neutral
I 'm not a fan of sake , but this place is perfect for it .	place	neutral
I really wanted to have a Kirin in a " real " Japanese place ,	Japanese place	neutral
They do serve authentic Japanese canned coffee drinks and things like that , though .	coffee drinks	neutral
Love this place !	place	neutral
Love the staff as they are always friendly and fun to talk to .	staff	neutral
Always have had great service there .	service	neutral
And great happy hour specials !	happy hour specials	neutral
I have had the cheese plate which was good	cheese plate	neutral
but you can never go wrong with there tater tots .	tater tots	neutral
I have tried the truffle tots and the beer cheese .	truffle tots	neutral
I have tried the truffle tots and the beer cheese .	beer cheese	neutral
I loved them both but the truffle tots are my favorite .	truffle tots	neutral
Also for entrees I have had the fish tacos , Mac & cheese , and the hanger steak .	fish tacos	neutral
Also for entrees I have had the fish tacos , Mac & cheese , and the hanger steak .	Mac & cheese	neutral
Also for entrees I have had the fish tacos , Mac & cheese , and the hanger steak .	hanger	neutral
My favorite is the steak .	steak	neutral
The sauce over the top is delicious .	sauce over	neutral
Also great crowd .	crowd	neutral
Had the beer cheese soup and 1/2 turkey sandwich and it was a hefty portion .	beer cheese soup	neutral
Had the beer cheese soup and 1/2 turkey sandwich and it was a hefty portion .	1/2	neutral
Had the beer cheese soup and 1/2 turkey sandwich and it was a hefty portion .	turkey sandwich	neutral
Second time , had a lackluster side salad for $ 4 .	side salad	neutral
50 because they had a lentil soup	lentil soup	neutral
This place is a bit hard to find in the dark if you 've never been .	place	neutral
The interior is very modern ( though not well - maintained ) .	interior	neutral
The barista that made our coffees was very nice when my mother asked what ristretto meant ( how they make all their coffee drinks , as advertised on the menu ) but the other barista seemed very aloof and non - engaging .	barista	neutral
Is it more hip to use dark chocolate now ?	dark	neutral
Seems like a good spot to hang out if you live in the area ( and can find parking ) but I would definitely not come back when there are better options in the same area .	spot	neutral
I love a good steak	steak	neutral
The ambiance and decor are very modern .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance and decor are very modern .	decor	neutral
Our server was also exceptional , I believe his name was Dave .	server	neutral
After going over the menu with us , we both selected the filet mignon CAB Prime ( 8 ounces ) ,	filet	neutral
You could add a sauce for an additional $ 3 , which my husband did .	sauce	neutral
He tried the horseradish creme fraiche and really enjoyed it .	horseradish creme fraiche	neutral
The steaks are brushed with some herbs and garlic as well .	steaks	neutral
The bread was delicious and accompanied by a cheese and olive oil mixture , which was very tasty .	bread	neutral
The bread was delicious and accompanied by a cheese and olive oil mixture , which was very tasty .	cheese and olive oil mixture	neutral
The server offered to bring me olives or something else knowing I could n't have it - nice touch , but I declined .	server	neutral
The steaks were cooked beautifully and very good .	steaks	neutral
I have dietary issues and can not have a lot of butter / oil , so the server did not have them brush my steak with oil , but offered to bring me some on the side .	server	neutral
I tried just a little , but must say it really elevated the steak to the next level .	steak	neutral
The squash was tasty , a bit sweet and still had a good crunch .	squash	neutral
The toys were very good as well according to my husband and came with a dipping sauce that " made " them .	dipping sauce	neutral
After we wrapped up dinner , the server brought us a plate that said happy anniversary with red Concord grape sorbet .	server	neutral
The sorbet was delicious , but the gesture was even nicer .	sorbet	neutral
When you are paying a good amount for a special dinner , it 's nice when they treat you well with a little dessert complimentary .	dessert	neutral
My husband is a big dessert person and had heard about their donuts so when our server informed us that he was going to bring the donuts , but did n't because I could n't eat things that were fired , you could see the look of disappointment on my hubby 's face .	server	neutral
Our server was great and had the kitchen make him 2 to try .	server	neutral
My husband said the donuts were good , but the 3 dipping sauces ( red raspberry , chocolate and caramel ) are what made them .	donuts	neutral
My husband said the donuts were good , but the 3 dipping sauces ( red raspberry , chocolate and caramel ) are what made them .	dipping sauces	neutral
My husband said the donuts were good , but the 3 dipping sauces ( red raspberry , chocolate and caramel ) are what made them .	red raspberry	neutral
I tasted the caramel and must say it was one of the best I 've ever had in my life .	caramel	neutral
I 'm still adjusting to my new healthy diet , but can not say enough about how good the sorbet was either .	sorbet	neutral
and I agreed that this was a terrific meal and money well spent .	meal	neutral
I wish a plain baked potato or steamed vegetables would have been an option for me .	steamed vegetables	neutral
The server told the kitchen to only use a bit of oil on my squash , but there was still a lot .	server	neutral
Definitely check this place out !	place	neutral
Growing up a Yinzer , I always thought that the Le Mont was too pricey an'nat just to see a view of dawntawn Pixburg .	Le Mont	neutral
Well say hello to the Le Mont fixed price menu ( or as they say the " prix - fixe menu " ) .	Le Mont	neutral
For $ 50 , yes $ 50 , you get two main dishes and two - side salads .	main dishes	neutral
True , as prior reviewers have stated , the place does feel a little like a high - class place from the eighties but if you order off this menu , you will definitely get your monies worth and have a very nice experience .	place	neutral
Atmosphere - Think fancy restaurant from any 1980 's movie where someone creates a scene and everyone is shocked ...	Atmosphere	neutral
Service - Friendly , prompt , first rate .	Service	neutral
actually , I forget the exact name of the dish ... but it was the one with two 4 oz fillets .	fillets	neutral
They have several other choices including fish .	fish	neutral
Oh , the darn French and their nonstop use of sauces make for watching your weight difficult .	French	neutral
Oh , the darn French and their nonstop use of sauces make for watching your weight difficult .	sauces	neutral
The Lemont salad that was part of the meal deal was basic and good	Lemont salad	neutral
as were the accompanying breads .	breads	neutral
For dessert , I had the coconut custard cake , which was also very good and moist !	coconut custard cake	neutral
Where they get you is on the dessert and drinks .	dessert	neutral
Where they get you is on the dessert and drinks .	drinks	neutral
The dessert was $ 7 and drinks are priced at restaurant drink rates ...	dessert	neutral
Although they do have a list of select wines at $ 25 a bottle , which can work well on a budget .	wines	neutral
Overall - I think with this promo , the Le Mont is one of the best deals in town .	the	neutral
Overall - I think with this promo , the Le Mont is one of the best deals in town .	Le Mont	neutral
Note : I went on a weekday , not positive if the prix - fixe menu is available on weekends .	prix - fixe menu	neutral
Incredibly slow service ( 25 minutes to get 3 basic tacos ) and tacos are average at best .	service	neutral
Incredibly slow service ( 25 minutes to get 3 basic tacos ) and tacos are average at best .	tacos	neutral
Incredibly slow service ( 25 minutes to get 3 basic tacos ) and tacos are average at best .	tacos	neutral
My batch was very salty , but seeing the wait and the relative absence of attention to customers , I did n't bother to do anything about it .	batch	neutral
My batch was very salty , but seeing the wait and the relative absence of attention to customers , I did n't bother to do anything about it .	wait	neutral
The menu is very short and routine extras like added cheese or salsa require added payment .	menu	neutral
The menu is very short and routine extras like added cheese or salsa require added payment .	salsa	neutral
Maybe the other yelpers had an exceptional experience with the burritos , but this is my review based on what I sampled .	burritos	neutral
There is just nothing redeeming to explain the level of loyalty this location garners .	location	neutral
There is no indoor seating ; you ca nt eat outdoors on the provided plastic picnic table on a sunny day without risking a skin burn!.	picnic	neutral
On the inside you face a server who takes your order from behind a grill ; there are at most 4 - 5 plastic chairs to sit on while you wait .	server	neutral
Tried the sultani dinner ; priciest option	sultani dinner	neutral
Great portions .	portions	neutral
Lots of rice .	rice	neutral
Lots of meat , very tender juicy and flavorful .	meat	neutral
Good salad .	salad	neutral
Lots of rice was n't able to finish and the naan was good too .	rice	neutral
Lots of rice was n't able to finish and the naan was good too .	naan	neutral
I keep coming back to this place for their Tomato Soup served with their bread sticks .	Tomato Soup	neutral
I keep coming back to this place for their Tomato Soup served with their bread sticks .	bread	neutral
If you want to make it more fancy , get it with cream cheese scones !	cream cheese scones	neutral
Sandwiches are a hit or miss , sometimes they are good , some times they are a little dry .	Sandwiches	neutral
When it 's dry , ask for sauces on the side and they will let you know what kind of sauces they can give you .	sauces	neutral
Their dessert options are pretty nice too , I have tried their cheesecakes and stuff and they are all very decent .	dessert options	neutral
Their dessert options are pretty nice too , I have tried their cheesecakes and stuff and they are all very decent .	cheesecakes	neutral
Normal drip coffee is more thicker than what you would get in other breakfast / brunch places .	drip coffee	neutral
Wings are really good .	Wings	neutral
Had the BBQ ones .	BBQ	neutral
Great size wings also .	wings	neutral
Spicy wedges were good too but they do n't give you as much as you 'd like in a large container .	Spicy wedges	neutral
The pizza was nothing special could probably get better pizza at pizza nova or Pizza Hut .	pizza	neutral
A bit too pricy for the amount of food you get .	food	neutral
I do n't give five stars willy - nilly so the fact that this restaurant gets one should tell you a lot .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant is clean well - kept with plenty of parking .	restaurant	neutral
Plenty of outdoor seating with a misting system that makes outdoor dining very comfortable .	outdoor seating	neutral
Plenty of outdoor seating with a misting system that makes outdoor dining very comfortable .	misting system	neutral
Plenty of outdoor seating with a misting system that makes outdoor dining very comfortable .	outdoor dining	neutral
The service was excellent .	service	neutral
The waitress and her trainee went out of their way to answer any questions about the menu .	waitress	neutral
Food presentation was excellent .	Food presentation	neutral
My filet was one of the best I 've had in many years , flavorful and cooked to perfection .	filet	neutral
The kitchen manager Jason made the rounds to check on everyone which I find refreshing and would encourage more upscale restaurants to do .	kitchen manager	neutral
While some say this restaurant is on the pricey side I say you get what you pay for and it is well worth it here .	restaurant	neutral
And I 'm not talking about just cookies and desserts !	desserts	neutral
They lady who took our order was friendly and had great recommendations for our family .	lady	neutral
Your food was scrumptious and super tasty !	food	neutral
I can say I would recommend the turkey cranberry !	turkey cranberry	neutral
The staff were very friendly and resourceful .	staff	neutral
I LOVE that this a smoke free hotel	hotel	neutral
I also liked that there is no casino , which means it 's not rowdy , but it is very elegant .	casino	neutral
J'ai d辿couvert ce petit endroit tout	endroit	neutral
mini et super cool proche de Concordia il y a quelques ann辿es .	proche	neutral
un bol de ramen et quelques gyozas .	ramen	neutral
un bol de ramen et quelques gyozas .	gyozas	neutral
se petit resto	resto	neutral
Great service and great chicken .	service	neutral
Great service and great chicken .	chicken	neutral
The biscuits and Cajun rice are always my fav .	biscuits	neutral
The biscuits and Cajun rice are always my fav .	Cajun rice	neutral
The restaurant and the service is not bad .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant and the service is not bad .	service	neutral
Love the flavored crust options but not so much love is given to the rest of the place .	flavored crust	neutral
Great place !	place	neutral
Service was quick & food & drinks very tasty !	Service	neutral
Service was quick & food & drinks very tasty !	food	neutral
Service was quick & food & drinks very tasty !	drinks	neutral
My daughter 's fried rice dish was awesome ; I 'm getting this next visit .	fried rice dish	neutral
I liked the variety of healthy options , organic & many foods had a bit of spice ( heat ) that I like !	healthy	neutral
I liked the variety of healthy options , organic & many foods had a bit of spice ( heat ) that I like !	foods	neutral
They had an attendant that checked on us regularly , even though it was a Crowded Sunday during peak lunch rush .	attendant	neutral
Only downside was the noise level .	noise	neutral
Oh , and the bathroom was very clean .	bathroom	neutral
We really enjoyed this place .	place	neutral
The pasta salad was delicious .	pasta salad	neutral
The sandwich was very flavorful and had a generous portion of meat .	sandwich	neutral
The sandwich was very flavorful and had a generous portion of meat .	portion	neutral
The sandwich was very flavorful and had a generous portion of meat .	meat	neutral
The owner ( I think he was the owner ) was so nice , and even brought out a plate of some chicken he made for us to sample .	owner	neutral
Fuego Bistro is hands down my favorite restaurant in Phoenix !	Fuego Bistro	neutral
Great service , wonderful food , and the live music is fun , too !	service	neutral
Great service , wonderful food , and the live music is fun , too !	food	neutral
Great service , wonderful food , and the live music is fun , too !	live music	neutral
The one expectation I went in was that I was going to pay quite a bit of money for not - as - much food ; such is the realm of tapas sometimes .	food	neutral
The service was very friendly and attentive , and went above and beyond as to explain what each dish contained , without compromising the secret ingredients	service	neutral
The service was very friendly and attentive , and went above and beyond as to explain what each dish contained , without compromising the secret ingredients	dish	neutral
The two biggest dishes left on my mind and palate were the sunchoke spring rolls with roasted truffle mayo , along with the almond tofu cheesecake with blueberry ginger compote and almond butter .	sunchoke spring rolls with roasted truffle mayo	neutral
The two biggest dishes left on my mind and palate were the sunchoke spring rolls with roasted truffle mayo , along with the almond tofu cheesecake with blueberry ginger compote and almond butter .	almond tofu cheesecake with blueberry ginger compote and	neutral
The spring rolls defies the regular image of a spring roll using phyllo pastry , which also complimented the sunchoke filling .	spring rolls	neutral
The roasted truffle mayo gave a nice umami kick to the spring rolls .	roasted truffle mayo	neutral
The roasted truffle mayo gave a nice umami kick to the spring rolls .	spring rolls	neutral
The tofu cheesecake was light , fluffy and not too sweet , to my delight .	tofu cheesecake	neutral
the blueberry ginger compote helped to alleviate any heaviness ( if any ) , from the cheesecake , ending the meal with a very pleasant high note .	blueberry ginger compote	neutral
the blueberry ginger compote helped to alleviate any heaviness ( if any ) , from the cheesecake , ending the meal with a very pleasant high note .	cheesecake	neutral
Yes , you will be paying around $ 11 - 30 , but ... the service , the experience , and most of all , the food makes it all worth it .	service	neutral
Yes , you will be paying around $ 11 - 30 , but ... the service , the experience , and most of all , the food makes it all worth it .	food	neutral
We went to Chompies on Tatum to have a nice Sunday breakfast and got the waiter from hell ...	waiter	neutral
We love their food and most of all of their servers but this guy ruined it for us for a while .	food	neutral
We love their food and most of all of their servers but this guy ruined it for us for a while .	servers	neutral
In summary , definitely worth a trip and recommendation given the good balance of food quality , service , price , location , and ambiance .	food	neutral
In summary , definitely worth a trip and recommendation given the good balance of food quality , service , price , location , and ambiance .	service	neutral
In summary , definitely worth a trip and recommendation given the good balance of food quality , service , price , location , and ambiance .	location	neutral
In summary , definitely worth a trip and recommendation given the good balance of food quality , service , price , location , and ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
We had a round of beer , two pizzas as appetizers , and all pastas as mains .	pizzas	neutral
The flavours were very rich and bursting in everything we had - so much so it would suffice to stay away from the saucy / creamy / cheesy dishes which would be too heavy if not shared .	flavours	neutral
The flavours were very rich and bursting in everything we had - so much so it would suffice to stay away from the saucy / creamy / cheesy dishes which would be too heavy if not shared .	cheesy	neutral
The flavours were very rich and bursting in everything we had - so much so it would suffice to stay away from the saucy / creamy / cheesy dishes which would be too heavy if not shared .	dishes	neutral
- Fast and courteous service : our server was attentive , replenishing our water and bread without asking .	service	neutral
- Fast and courteous service : our server was attentive , replenishing our water and bread without asking .	server	neutral
- Bustling and warm atmosphere - may be too loud for some ?	atmosphere	neutral
Pizzas were around $ 12 - 15 each , pastas $ 12 - 16 , mains $ 17 - 25 , our bottled beers were $ 4 . 5 .	Pizzas	neutral
Pizzas were around $ 12 - 15 each , pastas $ 12 - 16 , mains $ 17 - 25 , our bottled beers were $ 4 . 5 .	pastas	neutral
Pizzas were around $ 12 - 15 each , pastas $ 12 - 16 , mains $ 17 - 25 , our bottled beers were $ 4 . 5 .	mains	neutral
Pizzas were around $ 12 - 15 each , pastas $ 12 - 16 , mains $ 17 - 25 , our bottled beers were $ 4 . 5 .	bottled beers	neutral
If the environment was more comfortable , we would have likely stayed for dessert / coffee .	environment	neutral
The wait will definitely turn people off / away - again , make that reservation .... !	wait	neutral
- The seating was n't that comfortable .	seating	neutral
Something about the chairs made our bums keep shifting around the whole dinner .	chairs	neutral
And the table arrangements were a bit too close for privacy and conversation ....	table arrangements	neutral
but I guess it 's part of the ambiance ? ? ?	ambiance	neutral
Great food and amazing staff really makes this place awesome !	food	neutral
Great food and amazing staff really makes this place awesome !	staff	neutral
Great food and amazing staff really makes this place awesome !	place	neutral
And yes their hamburgers are huge .	hamburgers	neutral
and 30min later the food is still great .	food	neutral
Fries stay crispy , so few others do .	Fries	neutral
Oh yea , the service and cuisine is fantastic too .. let 's go ..	service	neutral
Oh yea , the service and cuisine is fantastic too .. let 's go ..	cuisine	neutral
B & E service : You are greeted immediately upon entry .	service	neutral
The server was so attentive with getting the drinks out quickly and keeping the table cleared .	server	neutral
The kitchen gets your food out to your table timely .	kitchen	neutral
The kitchen server who brought out the dishes was great with explaining how to get our bone marrow toast on : Spread marmalade , add the marrow , and then the salt and greens .	kitchen server	neutral
The kitchen server who brought out the dishes was great with explaining how to get our bone marrow toast on : Spread marmalade , add the marrow , and then the salt and greens .	salt	neutral
Take a guess , you know I 'm going to love the Roasted Bone Marrow toast .	Roasted Bone Marrow toast	neutral
The K - Town Bao Burgers were scrumptious and put together well .	K - Town Bao Burgers	neutral
The lamb chops is my go to here	lamb chops	neutral
The carrot layer cake is unbelievable .	carrot layer cake	neutral
Every appetizer I 've sampled ( Empenadas , Cuban Rope Vieja Tacos ) has been nothing less of great , these are just my current favorites .	Empenadas	neutral
Every appetizer I 've sampled ( Empenadas , Cuban Rope Vieja Tacos ) has been nothing less of great , these are just my current favorites .	Cuban Rope Vieja Tacos	neutral
B & E Ambiance :	Ambiance	neutral
The facade is a pawn shop where you can actually purchase the items displayed .	facade	neutral
You walk through the ' employee entrance ' to get the lounge and the main dining area , totally cool speakeasy experience .	lounge	neutral
You walk through the ' employee entrance ' to get the lounge and the main dining area , totally cool speakeasy experience .	main dining area	neutral
The beautiful chandeliers are set to a dim lighting for an intimate dining experience .	chandeliers	neutral
Picture frames showcasing mock jewelry throughout the dining area makes for a lovely setting .	dining area	neutral
Picture frames showcasing mock jewelry throughout the dining area makes for a lovely setting .	setting	neutral
The tables and chairs are high quality classy and the whole room gives me a Great Gatsby vibe .	tables	neutral
The tables and chairs are high quality classy and the whole room gives me a Great Gatsby vibe .	chairs	neutral
The tables and chairs are high quality classy and the whole room gives me a Great Gatsby vibe .	room	neutral
The tables and chairs are high quality classy and the whole room gives me a Great Gatsby vibe .	Gatsby	neutral
The pricing is a premium but unlike many $ $ $ restaurants on the Strip , Beauty and Essex delivers .	Beauty and Essex	neutral
The dishes are all high quality tasty and the service is top notch .	dishes	neutral
The dishes are all high quality tasty and the service is top notch .	service	neutral
Favourite sushi resto of all time .	sushi resto	neutral
Fresh fish , amazing avocado salad and the best shrimp crunch roll .	fish	neutral
Fresh fish , amazing avocado salad and the best shrimp crunch roll .	avocado salad	neutral
Fresh fish , amazing avocado salad and the best shrimp crunch roll .	shrimp crunch roll	neutral
The place is clean and plenty of parking .	place	neutral
The service is usually pretty decent when you get one of the younger servers who know how to smile and be polite rather than the older ones who are efficient but not necessarily polite . '	service	neutral
The service is usually pretty decent when you get one of the younger servers who know how to smile and be polite rather than the older ones who are efficient but not necessarily polite . '	servers	neutral
Not sure why the meat egg rolls taste a little sour .	meat egg rolls	neutral
Shrimp Spring Rolls sometimes have hardened which means they were made too far in advance .	Shrimp Spring Rolls	neutral
I 've been coming here since high school and to this day , I absolutely love their food .	food	neutral
The quality of the food , the service , and the environment is always great !	food	neutral
The quality of the food , the service , and the environment is always great !	service	neutral
The quality of the food , the service , and the environment is always great !	environment	neutral
I personally get their chicken burrito smothered in green sauce or if I 'm in the middle of a health kick , I 'll go for a chicken salad .	chicken burrito	neutral
I personally get their chicken burrito smothered in green sauce or if I 'm in the middle of a health kick , I 'll go for a chicken salad .	chicken salad	neutral
When I got home , they gave me a leg and a dried up half - breast .	half	neutral
No wonder the place always looks empty .	place	neutral
This place is amazing !	place	neutral
Genuine Szechuan specialties , virtually unavailable in most of AZ .	Szechuan	neutral
The authenticity is unmatched , so do n't be surprised by the heat level ...	heat	neutral
traditional Szechuan food is loaded with chiles .	Szechuan food	neutral
Try the cumin beef , or the water - boiled dishes .	cumin beef	neutral
Try the cumin beef , or the water - boiled dishes .	water - boiled dishes	neutral
Go for the Szechuan dumplings in their spicy sauce , and you 'll never see pot stickers the same way again .	Szechuan dumplings in	neutral
Go for the Szechuan dumplings in their spicy sauce , and you 'll never see pot stickers the same way again .	spicy sauce	neutral
Do n't go to a real Szechuan place and order orange chicken .	orange chicken	neutral
it 's like going to a great Italian restaurant , ordering the chicken parmesan , and complaining about the lack of breading .	chicken	neutral
This place has really great service , the servers are all really polite and helpful when it comes to accommodations and plate suggestions .	service	neutral
This place has really great service , the servers are all really polite and helpful when it comes to accommodations and plate suggestions .	servers	neutral
They also have a self serve soup table , I think I had some kind of hot and sour egg drop with corn soup that was really delicious .	soup table	neutral
They also have a self serve soup table , I think I had some kind of hot and sour egg drop with corn soup that was really delicious .	hot and sour egg drop with corn soup	neutral
I had the stirfry eggplant lunch special with fried tofu .	stirfry eggplant	neutral
I guess my food was good , but a little too spicy for my " mild " request .	food	neutral
The rice was also a little soggy .	rice	neutral
However the eggplant was cooked really well .	eggplant	neutral
The pad thai was also very good and the portions are great for $ 6 specials .	pad thai	neutral
The pad thai was also very good and the portions are great for $ 6 specials .	portions	neutral
I liked the veggie egg rolls a lot , they were really tasty	veggie egg rolls	neutral
And kudos to our server for letting me watch the nhl playoffs instead of the lifetime movie they had on tv .	server	neutral
The lemon shortbread was wonderful !	lemon shortbread	neutral
Had the waldorf salad to start , a few sushi rolls , and oysters .	waldorf salad	neutral
Had the waldorf salad to start , a few sushi rolls , and oysters .	sushi rolls	neutral
The rolls were aaaammmmzing , the oysters were a bit fishy ( i like some spice on my oysters , and they did n't have anything ) .	rolls	neutral
The rolls were aaaammmmzing , the oysters were a bit fishy ( i like some spice on my oysters , and they did n't have anything ) .	oysters	neutral
Atmosphere was great .	Atmosphere	neutral
I wanted to people watch and plus the weather in Ohio is AWESOME !	weather	neutral
Our server was Mae and she was an absolute sweetheart .	server	neutral
We decided on the Barcelona Omelet and the AM	Barcelona	neutral
I did n't have a chance to taste my boyfriend 's omelet	omelet	neutral
The eggs were pretty bland .	eggs	neutral
I tried to use the salsa to jazz it up but to no avail .	salsa	neutral
The Italian sausage was okay but nothing spectacular .	Italian sausage	neutral
My food was just okay .	food	neutral
I 'm giving it 3 stars because the server was nice and my boyfriend enjoyed his food .	server	neutral
I 'm giving it 3 stars because the server was nice and my boyfriend enjoyed his food .	food	neutral
I think I might have gotten the wrong food .	food	neutral
By far the best fish & shrimp tacos ! ! !	fish & shrimp tacos	neutral
The salsa bar is fresh and amazing .	salsa bar	neutral
I ordered two spicy chicken bowls with brown rice , but instead got one correct bowl and then a spicy chicken plate with noodles and a spontaneous egg roll thrown in .	spicy	neutral
My kids orange chicken with no veggies came with extra veggies .	orange chicken	neutral
Bottom line : great food , great value , great service .	food	neutral
Bottom line : great food , great value , great service .	service	neutral
Chef - driven Japanese food for 25 - 33 % more than your typical strip mall sushi joint .	Japanese food	neutral
Foodie destination for sure .	Foodie	neutral
Always fresh and great prices for a kosher restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
:) I would definitely recommend the volcano .	volcano	neutral
Amazing staff and overall a great experience .	staff	neutral
No need for a long review for this place .	place	neutral
Freshness of the fish used for sushi is questionable .	fish	neutral
Freshness of the fish used for sushi is questionable .	sushi	neutral
And a fellow diner found a cockroach in their food , causing a quick exodus of clients .	food	neutral
Best Subway on this side of town .	Subway	neutral
It 's a cheap , clean place ...	place	neutral
Do not try the bbq beef if you do n't want to run to the restroom that 's for sure lol ...	bbq beef	neutral
Believe it or not , I 'm not crazy about Mexican food .	Mexican food	neutral
Celebrated my daughter 's birthday there and she ordered the Chicken Fundido , my wife had the Mexicano and I had the tequila lime shrimp .	Chicken Fundido	neutral
Celebrated my daughter 's birthday there and she ordered the Chicken Fundido , my wife had the Mexicano and I had the tequila lime shrimp .	Mexicano	neutral
Celebrated my daughter 's birthday there and she ordered the Chicken Fundido , my wife had the Mexicano and I had the tequila lime shrimp .	tequila lime shrimp	neutral
The food was piping hot ...	food	neutral
The food was excellent .	food	neutral
This was the first JJ 's I ever ate at .	JJ	neutral
The little hibachi show was kind of a flop .	little hibachi show	neutral
The waiter did n't do much and did much ~cooler~ things with other tables which I did n't understand .	waiter	neutral
The sushi was equal to Harris Teeter sushi .	sushi	neutral
The environment and seating was very nice and appealing however .	environment	neutral
The environment and seating was very nice and appealing however .	seating	neutral
Good selection of craft beers with rotating taps .	craft beers	neutral
Good selection of craft beers with rotating taps .	taps	neutral
Ribs , brisket , smoked meat all good most of the time although they can miss the mark every once in a while .	Ribs	neutral
Ribs , brisket , smoked meat all good most of the time although they can miss the mark every once in a while .	brisket	neutral
Ribs , brisket , smoked meat all good most of the time although they can miss the mark every once in a while .	smoked meat	neutral
I came to distilled with some friends and to be honest the food was good however the service was unacceptable .	food	neutral
I came to distilled with some friends and to be honest the food was good however the service was unacceptable .	service	neutral
The girl waitress was nice , did n't catch her name unfortunately .	girl waitress	neutral
Overall the food is good but the bar tender named " rob " is a jerk and service	food	neutral
Overall the food is good but the bar tender named " rob " is a jerk and service	bar tender	neutral
Overall the food is good but the bar tender named " rob " is a jerk and service	rob	neutral
Overall the food is good but the bar tender named " rob " is a jerk and service	service	neutral
My second time visiting this bar .	bar	neutral
Honestly the only reason I come here is because my friends like it and usually the servers are nice .	servers	neutral
For some reason only the bar tenders are pretentious ass holes to put it nicely .	bar tenders	neutral
Please do something about your bar tenders .	bar tenders	neutral
Our second time to RD 's .	RD 's	neutral
Staff recognized us too .	Staff	neutral
Ordered 2 beef brisket platters which is a misnomer as more like a plate .	beef	neutral
The brisket was okay , their bbq sauce was also okay .	brisket	neutral
The brisket was okay , their bbq sauce was also okay .	bbq sauce	neutral
What I loved was their cole slaw .	cole slaw	neutral
Unfortunately for Dark Table , their skew towards to negative ended up being realized during my visit .	Dark Table	neutral
Dark Table is an interesting concept , piloted in Montreal and Vancouver prior to its implementation in Calgary .	Dark Table	neutral
The dining room is pitch black , and the wait staff are all visually impaired / blind .	dining room	neutral
The dining room is pitch black , and the wait staff are all visually impaired / blind .	wait staff	neutral
This concept has a ton of potential for a next - level culinary experience , but Dark Table not only hugely missed all these opportunities , but also boasts very poor food even compared to a regular restaurant .	Dark	neutral
This concept has a ton of potential for a next - level culinary experience , but Dark Table not only hugely missed all these opportunities , but also boasts very poor food even compared to a regular restaurant .	food	neutral
Ultimately a visit to any restaurant is about the experience , yes , but the experience is ultimately about the food , and the food at Dark Table falls way short .	food	neutral
Ultimately a visit to any restaurant is about the experience , yes , but the experience is ultimately about the food , and the food at Dark Table falls way short .	food	neutral
Ultimately a visit to any restaurant is about the experience , yes , but the experience is ultimately about the food , and the food at Dark Table falls way short .	Dark Table	neutral
The restuarant layout was awful , it was clear that the tables and chairs were poorly organized , and the sitting spaces were incredibly tight - i was crammed right up against a wall .	restuarant layout	neutral
The restuarant layout was awful , it was clear that the tables and chairs were poorly organized , and the sitting spaces were incredibly tight - i was crammed right up against a wall .	tables	neutral
The restuarant layout was awful , it was clear that the tables and chairs were poorly organized , and the sitting spaces were incredibly tight - i was crammed right up against a wall .	chairs	neutral
The restuarant layout was awful , it was clear that the tables and chairs were poorly organized , and the sitting spaces were incredibly tight - i was crammed right up against a wall .	sitting spaces	neutral
We opted for the 3 course , comprised of a " surprise " starter , a selection of main course options , and a " surprise " dessert .	main course	neutral
The surprise starter was a run of the mill salad - potato based , with mediocre flavours .	salad	neutral
Unfortunately , the vegan rendition of the starter salad was even worse , with a cheap tasting vinaigrette on top of some greens .	starter salad	neutral
Unfortunately , the vegan rendition of the starter salad was even worse , with a cheap tasting vinaigrette on top of some greens .	vinaigrette	neutral
While the salad came relatively fast , this was the point in the evening when the experience began to go rapidly downhill .	salad	neutral
I 'm going to preface this by saying , I have a history of eating a LOT of frozen dinners in my early days , and the mashed potato was somehow WORSE than the mashed potato in a frozen dinner .	mashed potato	neutral
The veal was average at best and the veggies were unremarkable .	veal	neutral
The veal was average at best and the veggies were unremarkable .	veggies	neutral
The whole main course experience was exceptionally similar to a $ 5 hungryman plate ( often on sale for less than $ 3 ) .	main course	neutral
Okay , so I will say that the fact it was made vegan without cream and cheese etc really makes it difficult to get a good risotto , but even given this understanding it was a real miss .	risotto	neutral
The food was bland , and the mushrooms were cheap and did n't impart a lot of earthy flavours , etc .	food	neutral
The food was bland , and the mushrooms were cheap and did n't impart a lot of earthy flavours , etc .	mushrooms	neutral
Truffle would have been an ideal addition to this , or any type of premium mushroom .	mushroom	neutral
By this point in the night , the novelty of the dining in the dark experience has long worn off , especially given the food experience does n't leverage the darkness at all .	dining in the dark	neutral
By this point in the night , the novelty of the dining in the dark experience has long worn off , especially given the food experience does n't leverage the darkness at all .	food	neutral
I will say , the waiter was very friendly and as helpful as possible , though they appeared to be short staffed .	waiter	neutral
However , I found the host and the manager both to be short with me , with some attitude .	host	neutral
However , I found the host and the manager both to be short with me , with some attitude .	manager	neutral
The only reason this place is getting 2 stars instead of one is because the visually - impaired wait staff are truly hardworking , pleasant , and friendly .	wait staff	neutral
Incredibly poor execution at Dark Table .	Dark Table	neutral
The only case that I would consider revisiting this place would be if they went under new management with a new executive chef .	executive	neutral
The only case that I would consider revisiting this place would be if they went under new management with a new executive chef .	chef	neutral
So the view here is just WOW .	view	neutral
I also LOVED how they let my co - worker in who had a pair of Chuck Taylors on .	Chuck	neutral
Drinks were good since we had table service , so no complaints from me .	Drinks	neutral
The decor was one of a kind .	decor	neutral
The DJ was spinning some good danceable songs , but kinda switched it up too quick .	DJ	neutral
And oh , our waitress was mad foine and said she 'd drink w/ me but never did .	waitress	neutral
Cool place and neat ambiance .	place	neutral
Cool place and neat ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
Food was delicious .	Food	neutral
Very overpriced and portions were smaller than I 'd have liked .	portions	neutral
Staff was nice .	Staff	neutral
4 stars for delivery alone !	delivery	neutral
There are not many restaurants that deliver and the ones that do usually use an expensive delivery service of some sort ... for some reason , I 've never trusted those places .	delivery service	neutral
The person that answered the phone sounded Chinese ; that is a good sign considering this is a ' fine Chinese food ' restaurant .	Chinese food	neutral
The person that answered the phone sounded Chinese ; that is a good sign considering this is a ' fine Chinese food ' restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
I do n't know that I can give a truly fair review since I ordered really plain items from the menu : egg drop soup and # 96 - Steamed Bean Curd with Mixed Vegetable .	egg	neutral
I do n't know that I can give a truly fair review since I ordered really plain items from the menu : egg drop soup and # 96 - Steamed Bean Curd with Mixed Vegetable .	Steamed	neutral
I do n't know that I can give a truly fair review since I ordered really plain items from the menu : egg drop soup and # 96 - Steamed Bean Curd with Mixed Vegetable .	Mixed Vegetable	neutral
However , I will say that the menu has everything you can imagine from a Chinese restaurant , and if it were n't the day after a week full of eating , I would 've been more adventurous .	menu	neutral
My food was fine .	food	neutral
I will order from them again ... for convenience sake alone , give Asia Lee a shot !	Asia Lee	neutral
95 , you get your entree choice ( from 33 options ) served with roast pork fried rice or white rice and choice of soup , egg roll , crab rangoon , or soda .	roast pork fried rice	neutral
95 , you get your entree choice ( from 33 options ) served with roast pork fried rice or white rice and choice of soup , egg roll , crab rangoon , or soda .	soup	neutral
95 , you get your entree choice ( from 33 options ) served with roast pork fried rice or white rice and choice of soup , egg roll , crab rangoon , or soda .	egg	neutral
The food is really wonderful here .	food	neutral
I 've been to this place on many occasions and it has never disappointed me .	place	neutral
I ca n't believe I have n't wrote a review on this place	place	neutral
Great food .	food	neutral
I had a delicious salad and their bbq looks great .	salad	neutral
I had a delicious salad and their bbq looks great .	bbq	neutral
I would love to go for their taco specials .	taco specials	neutral
Staff was really nice .	Staff	neutral
Good beer and cocktail selection .	beer	neutral
Good beer and cocktail selection .	cocktail selection	neutral
I kind of wanted to hate this place .	place	neutral
But the service and food completely won me over ...	service	neutral
But the service and food completely won me over ...	food	neutral
Because Smoke is so cool and different	Smoke	neutral
The bar seating is tight , so it kind of sucked rubbing elbows ( literally ) with the random dude beside me ... but first world problems , right ?	bar seating	neutral
The barista was our server	barista	neutral
We started with an order of the " Hot Bowl of Cheese " , which is essentially the best freaking queso I 've ever had in my life .	Hot Bowl of Cheese	neutral
Although they recommended two tacos per person , between the queso appetizer and the mac and cheese side , one taco each was more than enough for us ( and in fact , we took most of the mac home ) .	queso appetizer	neutral
Although they recommended two tacos per person , between the queso appetizer and the mac and cheese side , one taco each was more than enough for us ( and in fact , we took most of the mac home ) .	mac and cheese side	neutral
The tacos were OUTSTANDING .	tacos	neutral
It can be hard to make a veggie taco interesting , but they managed to pack it with smoky and spicy flavors .	veggie taco	neutral
And the chicken and waffle taco was to die for .... perfectly crisp chicken , soft waffles , and a sweet / spicy blueberry jalapeno sauce .	chicken and waffle taco	neutral
And the chicken and waffle taco was to die for .... perfectly crisp chicken , soft waffles , and a sweet / spicy blueberry jalapeno sauce .	chicken	neutral
And let 's not forget about the mac and cheese !	mac and cheese	neutral
It was insanely delicious .... rich and creamy with a super sharp cheese sauce ( I LOVE mac and cheese with a bite ! )	cheese sauce	neutral
To wash everything down , we tried both flavors of their agua frescas that they had that day ( cantaloupe and watermelon ) .	agua frescas	neutral
A perfect complement to our meals .	meals	neutral
+ for a side of mac and cheese or $ 7 . 50 for a single taco .....	mac and cheese	neutral
+ for a side of mac and cheese or $ 7 . 50 for a single taco .....	taco	neutral
but they really do back up their prices with amazingly fresh , homemade , flavorful food .	food	neutral
Credit cards are probably too mainstream for Smoke ;)	Credit	neutral
So I will begrudgingly pull out the cash for my super - high - priced , but super - freaking - delicious tacos .	tacos	neutral
I came here with my friend and got mochas , the chilauqiles and the breakfast tacos .	chilauqiles	neutral
I came here with my friend and got mochas , the chilauqiles and the breakfast tacos .	breakfast	neutral
The food was beyond amazing ! ! !	food	neutral
Really cool restaurant , great outside seating and indoor / outdoor bar seating .	restaurant	neutral
Really cool restaurant , great outside seating and indoor / outdoor bar seating .	outside seating	neutral
Really cool restaurant , great outside seating and indoor / outdoor bar seating .	indoor /	neutral
Really cool restaurant , great outside seating and indoor / outdoor bar seating .	outdoor bar seating	neutral
Good food , reasonable prices , content with service .	food	neutral
Good food , reasonable prices , content with service .	service	neutral
Always worth the wait ... sit outside in the covered patio , the service wo n't disappoint .	covered patio	neutral
Always worth the wait ... sit outside in the covered patio , the service wo n't disappoint .	service	neutral
Everything is delicious , I love the Thai coffee and all of the curry options .	Thai coffee	neutral
Everything is delicious , I love the Thai coffee and all of the curry options .	curry options	neutral
You really ca n't go wrong , the noodle selection is pretty good too .	noodle selection	neutral
Just do n't skip on the appetizers here , you definitely do n't want to miss out on the wings .	appetizers	neutral
Just do n't skip on the appetizers here , you definitely do n't want to miss out on the wings .	wings	neutral
Truly the most beautiful place on earth and it is so close to the concreat jungle of the strip .	place	neutral
the rocks are so colorful the formation we saw wild donkeys just a awsome 13 mile ride	rocks	neutral
The food is ok , but the service is terrible .	food	neutral
The food is ok , but the service is terrible .	service	neutral
One of the servers , who I do n't know her name	servers	neutral
( she is not tall but always works at late nite ) , the service and attitude she offers is the worst I 've ever seen .	service	neutral
Yesterday we went there and when we paid the bill we found the service charge was already included .	service	neutral
While we were walking out of restaurant , I and my friend could both hear the complaint from that server to her coworkers with a loud voice .	server	neutral
The service was outstanding each time .	service	neutral
The waitresses are sure working hard for the customers .	waitresses	neutral
With a ton of overpriced food options on The Strip , sometimes it is nice to just sit back with a relatively inexpensive familiar option like Denny 's .	food	neutral
With a ton of overpriced food options on The Strip , sometimes it is nice to just sit back with a relatively inexpensive familiar option like Denny 's .	Denny	neutral
Pretty good food overall .	food	neutral
There 's a chutney bar as well .	chutney bar	neutral
However , if you 're looking for a nice sit down place , this is not what you 're looking for .	place	neutral
The pizza took too long so they gave it to us for free !	pizza	neutral
$ 7 . 99 for a 16 " pizza on Mondays !	16	neutral
$ 7 . 99 for a 16 " pizza on Mondays !	pizza	neutral
It 's a great place to shop but the restaurant area is really something else !	restaurant area	neutral
Great taste , great value and friendly service .	service	neutral
Off the hook home made italian food .. would recommend this place with very high marks .	italian food	neutral
Off the hook home made italian food .. would recommend this place with very high marks .	place	neutral
Had the stuffed pork chop special and calamari appetizer .	stuffed pork chop special	neutral
Had the stuffed pork chop special and calamari appetizer .	calamari	neutral
The service and atmosphere are wonderful .	service	neutral
The service and atmosphere are wonderful .	atmosphere	neutral
Our new favorite place .	place	neutral
Food was excellent , serving staff where great .	Food	neutral
Food was excellent , serving staff where great .	serving staff	neutral
Hands down one of the best burgers I have ever had !	burgers	neutral
I wish I could take Betty 's Bad A	Betty	neutral
I had the " Dominator " which includes : hamburger patty , pulled pork , fried onion rings , a BBQ sauce with a slight kick of a spice ( not too spicy ) , cheese , and I believe a special sauce .	hamburger patty	neutral
I had the " Dominator " which includes : hamburger patty , pulled pork , fried onion rings , a BBQ sauce with a slight kick of a spice ( not too spicy ) , cheese , and I believe a special sauce .	pulled pork	neutral
This with a side of of tots ... best meal in town !	meal	neutral
It 's hard to write a meaningful review that has n't covered every facet of this popular bbq haven .	bbq	neutral
I 've had their pulled pork , and most people agree that it 's very good .	pulled pork	neutral
It 's hard to get the right balance of smokiness in bbq , too little and it tastes bland , too much	bbq	neutral
I expected the pulled pork to be great , but their tacos were a pleasant surprise .	pulled pork	neutral
I expected the pulled pork to be great , but their tacos were a pleasant surprise .	tacos	neutral
Why eat brisket , slaw , and mac n cheese separately when you can have a perfect fusion of flavor all in the same bite !	brisket	neutral
Why eat brisket , slaw , and mac n cheese separately when you can have a perfect fusion of flavor all in the same bite !	slaw	neutral
Why eat brisket , slaw , and mac n cheese separately when you can have a perfect fusion of flavor all in the same bite !	mac n	neutral
Their creamed corn is great too , they add just enough salt and pepper to keep it from being pedestrian .	creamed corn	neutral
The bacon wrapped jalapenos are fine too , but I wish they served more of them .	bacon wrapped jalapenos	neutral
Sometimes the wait for a table can be a little long on a busy night , and their service can be a little sluggish because of it .	wait	neutral
Sometimes the wait for a table can be a little long on a busy night , and their service can be a little sluggish because of it .	service	neutral
But they 're always friendly , and the food is always great .	food	neutral
Bricco is a good option for a decent dinner out - it feels a little bit on the nicer side , but it 's not necessarily expensive .	Bricco	neutral
The atmosphere is bright & casual , with friendly if not always speedy service , & they have a lot of tasty cocktails on the menu , in addition to all their wines & beers .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is bright & casual , with friendly if not always speedy service , & they have a lot of tasty cocktails on the menu , in addition to all their wines & beers .	service	neutral
The atmosphere is bright & casual , with friendly if not always speedy service , & they have a lot of tasty cocktails on the menu , in addition to all their wines & beers .	cocktails	neutral
The atmosphere is bright & casual , with friendly if not always speedy service , & they have a lot of tasty cocktails on the menu , in addition to all their wines & beers .	wines	neutral
The atmosphere is bright & casual , with friendly if not always speedy service , & they have a lot of tasty cocktails on the menu , in addition to all their wines & beers .	beers	neutral
Their menu features a few quirky options , like risotto balls stuffed with smoked bacon & mozzarella , or bacon - wrapped scallops .	menu	neutral
Their menu features a few quirky options , like risotto balls stuffed with smoked bacon & mozzarella , or bacon - wrapped scallops .	risotto	neutral
And I 'm not a spinach girl , but their spinach salad is awesome : baby spinach , butternut squash , dried fruits , pumpkin seeds , white cheddar , & apple cider vinaigrette .	spinach salad	neutral
And I 'm not a spinach girl , but their spinach salad is awesome : baby spinach , butternut squash , dried fruits , pumpkin seeds , white cheddar , & apple cider vinaigrette .	butternut	neutral
There are a ton of pizza & pasta options ... something for everyone , basically , & I 'm always pleased with the food .	pizza	neutral
There are a ton of pizza & pasta options ... something for everyone , basically , & I 'm always pleased with the food .	pasta	neutral
There are a ton of pizza & pasta options ... something for everyone , basically , & I 'm always pleased with the food .	food	neutral
I have generally found the servers here to be extra - nice , but I 've had repeated negative interactions with one guy who must be the manager .	servers	neutral
I have generally found the servers here to be extra - nice , but I 've had repeated negative interactions with one guy who must be the manager .	guy	neutral
More than once , I 've seen employees give customers ( myself included ) a sympathetic or apologetic glance in an attempt to make up for the manager 's rudeness .	manager	neutral
I feel bad marking down an entire restaurant for one bad manager , but my negative experiences with him have been , as I said , repeated , & it makes me question the place on the whole .	manager	neutral
wow , the tomato salad was so fresh	tomato salad	neutral
also , the fish I had was excellently grilled .	fish	neutral
the donut dessert ( loukomadis sp ? ) are the right amount of sweetness to a meal that felt and tasted simple and clean .	donut dessert	neutral
the donut dessert ( loukomadis sp ? ) are the right amount of sweetness to a meal that felt and tasted simple and clean .	meal	neutral
who knew simple original cooking methods and simple fresh ingredients could taste so good ? !	cooking	neutral
who knew simple original cooking methods and simple fresh ingredients could taste so good ? !	ingredients	neutral
I came here with no expectations and though our meal was good , it was not great .	meal	neutral
Service was impeccable and the atmosphere was to the nines .	Service	neutral
Service was impeccable and the atmosphere was to the nines .	atmosphere	neutral
Wine list is extensive and you get a decent pour for the higher price .	Wine list	neutral
Bread service was above average and reminded me of Italy .	Bread service	neutral
Main entrees were all perfectly cooked	Main entrees	neutral
Neither entr辿e cracked our top five steak nor lamb chops .	steak	neutral
Neither entr辿e cracked our top five steak nor lamb chops .	lamb	neutral
The real let down were the sides and sauces .	sides	neutral
The real let down were the sides and sauces .	sauces	neutral
The Yukon Gold Potato Puree and Creamed Spinach at $ 13 per was enough for the three of us to get two large - ish spoonfuls of each	Yukon Gold Potato Puree	neutral
The Yukon Gold Potato Puree and Creamed Spinach at $ 13 per was enough for the three of us to get two large - ish spoonfuls of each	Creamed Spinach	neutral
The sauces were below average and sadly , I make better ones at home when I cook our Hello Fresh meals .	sauces	neutral
The sauces were below average and sadly , I make better ones at home when I cook our Hello Fresh meals .	meals	neutral
Oddly enough , the star of the night was the complimentary desserts .	desserts	neutral
Such a great local spot !	spot	neutral
I had a natural casing hotdog and French fries and both were great .	French fries	neutral
The service here is fast and friendly , I went with my 9 year old nephew as well as my sister and infant niece , definitely a kid friendly spot .	service	neutral
Kelly is awesome , and took her time to chat with all of us !	Kelly	neutral
Food was good not great .	Food	neutral
We got the Chicken Katsu , and Kalibi .	Chicken	neutral
Service was horrible .	Service	neutral
Cashier was not friendly at all .	Cashier	neutral
So much for the Aloha spirit .	Aloha spirit	neutral
Choose I another venue if you care about service .	service	neutral
Some of the best quality food in Champaign .	food	neutral
Wide variety of great tasting food .	food	neutral
Very fast and helpful service .	service	neutral
If you have any questions about the menu everyone is very knowledgeable and helpful .	menu	neutral
Awesome food , very affordable , great services , love there nachos , and there tacos are awesome .	food	neutral
Awesome food , very affordable , great services , love there nachos , and there tacos are awesome .	services	neutral
Awesome food , very affordable , great services , love there nachos , and there tacos are awesome .	nachos	neutral
Awesome food , very affordable , great services , love there nachos , and there tacos are awesome .	tacos	neutral
We had about a 45 minute wait at around 8 pm on a Saturday , which was to be expected , but the bar service was quick and watching the other people golf made the wait go by fast .	bar service	neutral
It is n't just a driving range since they have electronic greens that are illuminated and you choose different game types from the computer at your table and try to hit the specific targets for points .	electronic greens	neutral
The concrete and blizzards , shakes and Sundays .	concrete	neutral
The concrete and blizzards , shakes and Sundays .	blizzards	neutral
Fresh backed cookies .	cookies	neutral
Tokns of topping to choose from .	topping	neutral
A super retro old school wall of old kickass candy that has Kong gone been forgotten about I am obsessed with this place and go about 4 - 5 times a week	candy	neutral
( the other was Gordon Ramsay 's " Steak " ) .	Steak	neutral
but comments about the flavoring of the dishes i pay attention to .	dishes	neutral
that 's why i was shocked at all the comments about how salty the food was .	food	neutral
who knows bc our experience was phenomenal and only solidified our fanboy / girl status for the heavyset , croc wearin italian .	italian	neutral
service was perfect .	service	neutral
our server was enthusiastic , extremely knowledgeable , and attentive , albeit his moustache was a little creepy .	server	neutral
i tried the beef cheek ravioli	beef cheek ravioli	neutral
w/ truffle and duck liver .	truffle	neutral
uber rich w/ its velvety meat filling w/ a hint of mineral - y liver goodness .	meat	neutral
uber rich w/ its velvety meat filling w/ a hint of mineral - y liver goodness .	liver	neutral
my wife had the bolognese .	bolognese	neutral
i then tried the pork belly .	pork belly	neutral
the generously sized log - o - meat was fatty , moist , and robust in porky goodness .	log - o - meat	neutral
the hints of that sweet and tangy balsamic , the bitter arugula , and juicy sweet warm tomato slices on the bottom , perfectly balanced out the richness of the belly .	balsamic	neutral
the hints of that sweet and tangy balsamic , the bitter arugula , and juicy sweet warm tomato slices on the bottom , perfectly balanced out the richness of the belly .	arugula	neutral
the hints of that sweet and tangy balsamic , the bitter arugula , and juicy sweet warm tomato slices on the bottom , perfectly balanced out the richness of the belly .	tomato slices	neutral
the perfect meal !	meal	neutral
First visit Level 2 ( Jalapeno Fried Rice ) yum , come on , give me a little burn on the tongue .	Jalapeno Fried Rice	neutral
Second visit Level 5 ( Jalapeno Fried Rice ) holy shit , fill the bathtub with ice , sweat dripping down the face as well as going in and out of consciousness lvl 5 is beyond a kick to the face .	Jalapeno	neutral
Second visit Level 5 ( Jalapeno Fried Rice ) holy shit , fill the bathtub with ice , sweat dripping down the face as well as going in and out of consciousness lvl 5 is beyond a kick to the face .	Fried Rice	neutral
Third visit , a little scared , went down to Level 3 , ( Jalapeno Rice , Chicken Curry ) yum , a little burn , but not enough for this Irish lad .	Jalapeno Rice	neutral
Third visit , a little scared , went down to Level 3 , ( Jalapeno Rice , Chicken Curry ) yum , a little burn , but not enough for this Irish lad .	Chicken Curry	neutral
The great thing about this place is that you will find the food loaded with flavor and going there multiple times to find your heat level is a great excuse to get back here .	food	neutral
The Chicken Curry sauce is beyond delicious .	Chicken Curry sauce	neutral
Jalapeno Rice ( House Specialty ) is my go to as you can see .	Jalapeno Rice	neutral
Loaded with spicy sausage , Thai basil , egg and peppers , this fried rice is by far the best I have ever had .	spicy sausage	neutral
Loaded with spicy sausage , Thai basil , egg and peppers , this fried rice is by far the best I have ever had .	fried rice	neutral
A great meal in itself .	meal	neutral
Little FYI get the Fried Tofu app .	Fried Tofu app	neutral
Amazing with the special peanut sauce .	special	neutral
Amazing with the special peanut sauce .	peanut sauce	neutral
The place was very dirty and there was more than enough staff to keep it clean .	place	neutral
The place was very dirty and there was more than enough staff to keep it clean .	staff	neutral
Food tasted reheated and old .	Food	neutral
Our server was Justin and he was very polite .	server	neutral
Loved the old feel of this place , and it maintained a classy vibe .	place	neutral
Loved the old feel of this place , and it maintained a classy vibe .	vibe	neutral
We had oysters , escargot , the wedge salad , tomato bisque , I had the walleye , and my husband had the rabbit .	oysters	neutral
We had oysters , escargot , the wedge salad , tomato bisque , I had the walleye , and my husband had the rabbit .	wedge salad	neutral
We had oysters , escargot , the wedge salad , tomato bisque , I had the walleye , and my husband had the rabbit .	tomato bisque	neutral
We had oysters , escargot , the wedge salad , tomato bisque , I had the walleye , and my husband had the rabbit .	walleye	neutral
The portions were very nice too for a classy joint ;) .	portions	neutral
Love this place !	place	neutral
The food and desserts are DEE - LICIOUS	food	neutral
The food and desserts are DEE - LICIOUS	desserts	neutral
and you get a ton of food for a great price .	food	neutral
If you have n't had the Turkey Tom , you 're missing out ! !	Turkey Tom	neutral
Their endless oysters Monday is great if you are a oysters lover .	endless oysters Monday	neutral
I would give this place 5 stars if it were free to eat there !	place	neutral
Great service every time .	service	neutral
Strong drinks .	drinks	neutral
The 2 dips they bring with the chips , right when you sit down , are outstanding .	dips	neutral
Authentic Mexican ?	Mexican	neutral
2 full meals , 2 drinks all for around $ 30 .	meals	neutral
Read a lot of reviews and this place was great .	place	neutral
The food was fantastic and good size portions .	food	neutral
The food was fantastic and good size portions .	portions	neutral
The price is very affordable especially for the amount of food you get .	food	neutral
The pulled pork sandwich melts in your mouth , the fries are cut fresh and made to order .	pulled pork sandwich	neutral
The pulled pork sandwich melts in your mouth , the fries are cut fresh and made to order .	fries	neutral
The corn bread was n't traditional but it was moist and delicious .	corn bread	neutral
The establishment is very clean and the staff was very nice .	establishment	neutral
The establishment is very clean and the staff was very nice .	staff	neutral
I had high expectations for this restaurant	restaurant	neutral
The beef carpaccio was wonderful and the highlight of the meal .	beef carpaccio	neutral
The butternut squash tortelli was overly sweet .	butternut squash tortelli	neutral
The service was not horrible but it also was n't what I would expect in a high - end restaurant .	service	neutral
The service was not horrible but it also was n't what I would expect in a high - end restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
I ve been going to this place for about 4 - 5 years now and the food quality has stayed the same ( below average diner food ) .	food	neutral
I ve been going to this place for about 4 - 5 years now and the food quality has stayed the same ( below average diner food ) .	diner food	neutral
The menu is completely in french and the waitresses do nt speak english .	menu	neutral
The menu is completely in french and the waitresses do nt speak english .	waitresses	neutral
I always go with the safe bet of chicken fingers or wings .	chicken fingers	neutral
I always go with the safe bet of chicken fingers or wings .	wings	neutral
i was very much disappointed because we usually kick off a weekend of debauchery with topless breakfast and instead had mild breakfast .	breakfast	neutral
Worst cleaning service ever !	cleaning service	neutral
The floors were still disgusting , ceiling fans were dusty , walls were filthy , bathrooms were mediocre at best , and the kitchen still had food splatters along with grease on the counters .	floors	neutral
The floors were still disgusting , ceiling fans were dusty , walls were filthy , bathrooms were mediocre at best , and the kitchen still had food splatters along with grease on the counters .	ceiling fans	neutral
The floors were still disgusting , ceiling fans were dusty , walls were filthy , bathrooms were mediocre at best , and the kitchen still had food splatters along with grease on the counters .	walls	neutral
The floors were still disgusting , ceiling fans were dusty , walls were filthy , bathrooms were mediocre at best , and the kitchen still had food splatters along with grease on the counters .	bathrooms	neutral
The floors were still disgusting , ceiling fans were dusty , walls were filthy , bathrooms were mediocre at best , and the kitchen still had food splatters along with grease on the counters .	kitchen	neutral
de mon exp辿rience chez Adonis ( en comparaison avec le IGA )	Adonis	neutral
La section des fruits et l辿gumes est tres belle , le comptoir pr棚t  manger 辿tait bien achaland辿 , les sections viandes , poisson	section	neutral
La section des fruits et l辿gumes est tres belle , le comptoir pr棚t  manger 辿tait bien achaland辿 , les sections viandes , poisson	fruits	neutral
La section des fruits et l辿gumes est tres belle , le comptoir pr棚t  manger 辿tait bien achaland辿 , les sections viandes , poisson	sections	neutral
ordinaire mais pas dramatique .	ordinaire	neutral
5$/petite portion , donc plus 3 .	portion	neutral
J'esp竪re que les employ辿s seront plus motiv辿 et que	employ辿s	neutral
P. S. Le " cup holder " dans mon panier m'a permis de d辿guster mon caf辿 starbuck achet辿 juste	panier	neutral
 cot辿 sans avoir les mains pleines	mains	neutral
No idea about how to run a club- stay away and find somewhere they appreciate customers - MGM this is why you are losing market share for nightlife - train your staff on how to deliver decent customer service .	staff	neutral
No idea about how to run a club- stay away and find somewhere they appreciate customers - MGM this is why you are losing market share for nightlife - train your staff on how to deliver decent customer service .	customer service	neutral
Man they give you bomb food and	food	neutral
They do have a theatre here , which is nice .	theatre	neutral
Service was horrible !	Service	neutral
Food was decent and there was a nice wine selection .	Food	neutral
Food was decent and there was a nice wine selection .	wine selection	neutral
Our server was a mere order taker and was borderline rude .	server	neutral
I went in to try out their Greek Salad .	Greek Salad	neutral
Giant pieces of fresh tomato , fresh green pepper and cucumber and fresh lettuce .	tomato	neutral
Giant pieces of fresh tomato , fresh green pepper and cucumber and fresh lettuce .	green pepper	neutral
Giant pieces of fresh tomato , fresh green pepper and cucumber and fresh lettuce .	lettuce	neutral
The dressing is spot on as well , tangy and everything you 'd want from a Greek Salad .	dressing	neutral
I was ecstatic to see the size of the salad for the $ 5 .	salad	neutral
Only downside , I thought the tomatoes could have had more flavor .... darn you Green Corner ! ! !	tomatoes	neutral
the unsolicited baklava ( which , might I add does n't count to today 's calories ... because I did not order it )	baklava	neutral
LOVE the new recliners in their theater .	recliners	neutral
LOVE the new recliners in their theater .	theater	neutral
The staff are always helpful and friendly .	staff	neutral
My fiance & I love this place .	place	neutral
a few good food choices & drink discounts .	food	neutral
Try the Tokyo Cooler drink ... very fruity & delicious .	Tokyo Cooler drink	neutral
Absolutely go anywhere else in vegas but this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
We sat down to order our food at 2:15 AM , the waiter did not put in our order until 2:47 , and we did not receive our food until 3:20 .	waiter	neutral
The server refused to come by and fill up our water , and essentially avoided our table ; taking preference to the tables full of drunk girls .	server	neutral
When we addressed the manager , he took 15 minutes to even respond to our claim and when he did he raised his voice and threw the bill on the table .	manager	neutral
I have never received such rude , neglectful service in my entire life .	service	neutral
We were not in hurry so no biggie , but we left because woman at front desk & bartender not happy or interested in making us comfortable for our wait for table .	front	neutral
This is quite a popular joint for Chinese foods so do expect a wait time and less attention on table .	Chinese foods	neutral
I ordered Chicken curry and was ok , it did n't meet my taste buds	Chicken curry	neutral
Fried pepper wings and pepper fish was too good .	Fried pepper wings and	neutral
Fried pepper wings and pepper fish was too good .	pepper fish	neutral
What a great spot to visit and our chef was extremely funny & professional .	chef	neutral
I think this is very important because I 've heard stories of people not enjoying their chef which completely ruins the experience .	chef	neutral
Our chef cooked the Steak to a medium specification as requested but shrimp slightly over cooked	chef	neutral
Our chef cooked the Steak to a medium specification as requested but shrimp slightly over cooked	Steak	neutral
The service & staff very attentive never waited on anything other than the next round of food lol .	service	neutral
The service & staff very attentive never waited on anything other than the next round of food lol .	staff	neutral
The calamari is grilled and not fried lol	calamari	neutral
Five star review for Wal - mart , it 's happening .	Wal - mart	neutral
On my most recent trip , I found organic Ketchup , mayo with no funky stuff in it ... they even left out the corn syrup ! , organic quinoa , organic bananas , organic spinach , the list can go on .	Ketchup	neutral
On my most recent trip , I found organic Ketchup , mayo with no funky stuff in it ... they even left out the corn syrup ! , organic quinoa , organic bananas , organic spinach , the list can go on .	mayo	neutral
On my most recent trip , I found organic Ketchup , mayo with no funky stuff in it ... they even left out the corn syrup ! , organic quinoa , organic bananas , organic spinach , the list can go on .	quinoa	neutral
On my most recent trip , I found organic Ketchup , mayo with no funky stuff in it ... they even left out the corn syrup ! , organic quinoa , organic bananas , organic spinach , the list can go on .	bananas	neutral
On my most recent trip , I found organic Ketchup , mayo with no funky stuff in it ... they even left out the corn syrup ! , organic quinoa , organic bananas , organic spinach , the list can go on .	spinach	neutral
( marketside , I believe ) fresh packed salsa , which decided to do a jumping stunt out of the top part of my basket , have it 's lid pop off , and then splat on the floor .	salsa	neutral
Luckily , I was by the dairy , and there was a young gentleman who had no problem stopping what he was doing to get some paper towels / mop bucket / cleaner .	gentleman	neutral
I tell him no , and explain the salsa mishap .	salsa	neutral
I love their Hello Kitty section .	Hello Kitty section	neutral
So , between cute hello kitty items , growing organic section , and nice , helpful employees , Yes , this is as good as it gets for me .	hello kitty	neutral
So , between cute hello kitty items , growing organic section , and nice , helpful employees , Yes , this is as good as it gets for me .	items	neutral
So , between cute hello kitty items , growing organic section , and nice , helpful employees , Yes , this is as good as it gets for me .	section	neutral
So , between cute hello kitty items , growing organic section , and nice , helpful employees , Yes , this is as good as it gets for me .	employees	neutral
Oh , and the organic items are REASONABLY PRICED .	organic items	neutral
You should n't have to go bankrupt to have access to healthy food .	food	neutral
Fresh , tasty Italian in a relaxed setting .	Italian	neutral
Fresh , tasty Italian in a relaxed setting .	setting	neutral
Service was slow - I can see how it would annoy people in the other reviews .	Service	neutral
Like , you know , they were preparing the food fresh .	food	neutral
The portions were generous - I felt like I had a whole beach - worth of clam shells after finishing my pasta .	portions	neutral
The pasta itself tasted fresh , as did the delightfully zesty , peppery red sauce .	pasta	neutral
The pasta itself tasted fresh , as did the delightfully zesty , peppery red sauce .	peppery	neutral
The pasta itself tasted fresh , as did the delightfully zesty , peppery red sauce .	red sauce	neutral
The pizza was another fine entry to the crowded Phoenix fancy - pants pizza crowd - chewy , with a crispy , almost burnt crust .	pizza	neutral
The pizza was another fine entry to the crowded Phoenix fancy - pants pizza crowd - chewy , with a crispy , almost burnt crust .	crust	neutral
The house - made mozzarella was wonderful , and the roasted veggies on top were just right .	house	neutral
The house - made mozzarella was wonderful , and the roasted veggies on top were just right .	mozzarella	neutral
The house - made mozzarella was wonderful , and the roasted veggies on top were just right .	roasted veggies	neutral
Icing on the cake : a great wine list and fun nightly specials .	wine list	neutral
Icing on the cake : a great wine list and fun nightly specials .	nightly	neutral
Icing on the cake : a great wine list and fun nightly specials .	specials	neutral
The service was impeccable and the setting in this historical building was perfect !	service	neutral
The service was impeccable and the setting in this historical building was perfect !	setting	neutral
The service was impeccable and the setting in this historical building was perfect !	building	neutral
It had a great ambiance , and each staff member we interacted with was as excited as were about he 9 course tasting menu .	ambiance	neutral
It had a great ambiance , and each staff member we interacted with was as excited as were about he 9 course tasting menu .	tasting menu	neutral
Bonus points for ensuring each course was gluten free !	course	neutral
Food was fine .	Food	neutral
Beer was fine .	Beer	neutral
Music really loud at the dinner hour .	Music	neutral
Service was exceptional .	Service	neutral
The service alone is 6 stars out of 5 .	service	neutral
Solid final meal in Montreal .	meal	neutral
My family and I love this place .	place	neutral
The food is always fresh and the servers are very nice and knowledgeable about the beer menu .	food	neutral
The food is always fresh and the servers are very nice and knowledgeable about the beer menu .	servers	neutral
My favorites are the tuna poke bowl and spicy tuna roll .	tuna poke bowl	neutral
My favorites are the tuna poke bowl and spicy tuna roll .	spicy tuna roll	neutral
Had the HOT ITALIAN SUB ( Genoa salami , ham and cappicola ) .	HOT ITALIAN SUB	neutral
Had the HOT ITALIAN SUB ( Genoa salami , ham and cappicola ) .	Genoa salami	neutral
The meat was piled high with pickles lettuce tomatoes and mustard .	meat	neutral
You can rely on this place to satisfy any sandwich craving .	place	neutral
They are constantly training new employees so the drive thru will overheat your car before you get to the window .	drive thru	neutral
Aside from upper management the poorly trained employees struggle to take any order in English .	employees	neutral
I 'll let you determine their language of preference , but regardless this is a very poorly run establishment that only thrives from its location .	establishment	neutral
Hands down my favorite restaurant in Ahwatukee .	restaurant	neutral
Service is exceptional and the food is splendid .	Service	neutral
Service is exceptional and the food is splendid .	food	neutral
Also , it is the best happy hour in town .	happy	neutral
Daily from 3 - 6 pm , you can get premium beers for $ 3 and cheap apps !	beers	neutral
Daily from 3 - 6 pm , you can get premium beers for $ 3 and cheap apps !	apps	neutral
My wife and I landed in Phoenix at 10 pm on a Tuesday night with no plan for the evening and this was the only place we could find with an open kitchen .	kitchen	neutral
We got to sit outside on a beautiful evening and eat some amazing food ...	food	neutral
the chicken tacos were literally the best tacos I 've ever had , the salad was very fresh , and the tots were killer .	chicken tacos	neutral
the chicken tacos were literally the best tacos I 've ever had , the salad was very fresh , and the tots were killer .	salad	neutral
the chicken tacos were literally the best tacos I 've ever had , the salad was very fresh , and the tots were killer .	tots	neutral
Definitely a great place to support !	place	neutral
Fun , non - pretentious pub with delicious food and drinks .	pub	neutral
Fun , non - pretentious pub with delicious food and drinks .	food	neutral
Fun , non - pretentious pub with delicious food and drinks .	drinks	neutral
Food prices very affordable for the area .	Food	neutral
Menu is very pub style , some nice burgers , steaks , salads , and the usual appetizers .	Menu	neutral
Menu is very pub style , some nice burgers , steaks , salads , and the usual appetizers .	burgers	neutral
Menu is very pub style , some nice burgers , steaks , salads , and the usual appetizers .	steaks	neutral
Menu is very pub style , some nice burgers , steaks , salads , and the usual appetizers .	salads	neutral
Menu is very pub style , some nice burgers , steaks , salads , and the usual appetizers .	appetizers	neutral
Service is great , everyone is super friendly .	Service	neutral
Though this place wo n't blow you away by any means , it 's a great option and I highly recommend it for a drink with friends or colleagues .	place	neutral
It 's a nice down to earth environment , which is sometimes rare to find on King west .	environment	neutral
5 out of 5 Vietnamese friends polled agree Vietnam 's Pho is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Pittsburgh .	Vietnam	neutral
5 out of 5 Vietnamese friends polled agree Vietnam 's Pho is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Pittsburgh .	Pho	neutral
With that being said , it 's a small fish swimming in a small pond with even smaller fish (	fish	neutral
My boyfriend had the Pho Dac Biet and reiterated that it 's definitely better than the other Vietnamese restaurants you 'll find in Pittsburgh in terms of portions and flavor , but if we 're looking beyond Pittsburgh , it 's average at best .	Pho Dac Biet	neutral
My boyfriend had the Pho Dac Biet and reiterated that it 's definitely better than the other Vietnamese restaurants you 'll find in Pittsburgh in terms of portions and flavor , but if we 're looking beyond Pittsburgh , it 's average at best .	portions	neutral
For all the vegetarians hoping to enjoy a nice bowl of pho or bun , you 're out of luck because not a single menu item here is vegetarian ( * cue audience boo track * ) .	bowl	neutral
HOWEVER they do have 2 vegetarian hoagies on their takeout menu posted by the front counter : a Scrambled Egg Hoagie and a Lemongrass Tofu Hoagie .	Scrambled	neutral
Considering Vietnam 's Pho is one of the few places I can get my Vietnamese hoagie cravings satisfied in Pittsburgh , I 'll give them two thumbs up .	Pho	neutral
The ingredients are n't the freshest or best tasting , but it does the job .	ingredients	neutral
Also , for $ 6 a piece , it 's a pretty cheap meal .	meal	neutral
The service at Vietnam 's Pho was standard quality , but our waiter was a bit awkward and had some difficulties understanding English .	service	neutral
The service at Vietnam 's Pho was standard quality , but our waiter was a bit awkward and had some difficulties understanding English .	Vietnam 's	neutral
The service at Vietnam 's Pho was standard quality , but our waiter was a bit awkward and had some difficulties understanding English .	Pho	neutral
The service at Vietnam 's Pho was standard quality , but our waiter was a bit awkward and had some difficulties understanding English .	waiter	neutral
Also , the cash only concept is still baffling to me , but hey , their restaurant , their rules .	cash only	neutral
Also , the cash only concept is still baffling to me , but hey , their restaurant , their rules .	restaurant	neutral
If you 're looking for an authentic Vietnamese restaurant but unfortunate enough to be searching in Pittsburgh , Vietnam 's Pho is your best bet .	Pho	neutral
The sandwich was full of shrimp and vegetables with loads of flavor .	sandwich	neutral
Super soft bun and delicious hand cut fries .	bun	neutral
Super soft bun and delicious hand cut fries .	fries	neutral
I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a hearty flavor packed sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
Great sausages ...	sausages	neutral
The last year at Gertrude 's , the food took a turn for the worst .	food	neutral
They changed the menu and the food was awful .	menu	neutral
They changed the menu and the food was awful .	food	neutral
Today I noted the menu changed and felt excited because they may have realized how bad their chef was .	menu	neutral
Today I noted the menu changed and felt excited because they may have realized how bad their chef was .	chef	neutral
They did but assured me the food would be the same because all the cooks are the same and they have no chef .	cooks	neutral
They did but assured me the food would be the same because all the cooks are the same and they have no chef .	chef	neutral
Those of us who support the Gardens the amazing quality food and service back .	food	neutral
Those of us who support the Gardens the amazing quality food and service back .	service	neutral
This is a superb Tapas restaurant .	Tapas restaurant	neutral
I can not believe my luck as I stumbled on to this restaurant looking for a plug to recharge my phone .	restaurant	neutral
This is my very first restaurant right from the airport and what a beauty it is .	restaurant	neutral
Red , white or sparkling sangria pitchers made from wine , fresh fruit and brandy , marinated for 3 days .	sangria	neutral
Apple and manchego salad , green apple , manchego cheese , smoked almonds , lightly dressed .	Apple and manchego salad	neutral
this was a superb cold tapas .	cold	neutral
this was a superb cold tapas .	tapas	neutral
these were rockin burgers .	burgers	neutral
If you want to start crying take a peak at the menu .	menu	neutral
waitress Helen received us very warmly and sat us at the best table for two by the window in the sun with view onto queen st east .	waitress	neutral
Helen was helpful , knowledgeable and prompt .	Helen	neutral
I ordered the seasonal scramble , which today was chorizo artisanal , and tarragon scrambled fluffyly together with country butter toast .	scramble	neutral
My girlfriend had the french toast , cinnamon creme anglaise and berries which she thought was pretty good .	french toast	neutral
* Monforte toscano pecorino	Monforte toscano pecorino	neutral
A burrito bowl with brown rice from Chipotle covers just about all of those bases !	burrito bowl	neutral
I 'm picky about my ' fast food ' and Chipotle is always a winner !	fast food	neutral
I 'm picky about my ' fast food ' and Chipotle is always a winner !	Chipotle	neutral
Their food has ' integrity ' and that 's one of the reasons why I keep coming back !	food	neutral
Amazing food	food	neutral
Wonderful server Adam	server	neutral
The first thing that catches your eye is the aesthetic and cosy ambiance of the place .	ambiance	neutral
Also the story behind this bar 's menu and food inspiration is intriguing !	menu	neutral
Also the story behind this bar 's menu and food inspiration is intriguing !	food	neutral
We ordered two apps and one main to share and they were all delicious .	apps	neutral
My friend ordered the beef taco parantha , and I ordered the scallop ceviche .	beef	neutral
The flavours were fresh and refreshing !	flavours	neutral
For our main entree we shared the corn shrimp curry which came with rice , and we ordered a plain parantha on the side to share .	corn shrimp curry	neutral
To drink I had the rose lychee lassi	rose lychee lassi	neutral
Only downside was that the portions were really tiny , even for tapas style .	portions	neutral
So next time we would definitely order a bit more - perhaps 3 apps and 2 mains would be plenty !	apps	neutral
So next time we would definitely order a bit more - perhaps 3 apps and 2 mains would be plenty !	mains	neutral
We paid about $ 65 for our meal which is pretty decent .	meal	neutral
To me , it seems like a really nice spot to have a drink or two with some apps on a weeknight or a nice intimate dinner on a weekend !	spot	neutral
A bit pricey for anything else considering the portions are tiny !	portions	neutral
Good fried chicken , not as saucy as some places .	fried chicken	neutral
The dish described as Korean rice cakes with vegetables is more like thick , solid tubes of pasta in a kim chee sauce .	Korean rice cakes with vegetables	neutral
Light on the veggies , hot but not too hot , with weird wiener like pieces of rice pasta .	veggies	neutral
Light on the veggies , hot but not too hot , with weird wiener like pieces of rice pasta .	rice pasta	neutral
Great variety on the menu and combinations but	menu	neutral
Not just burgers on the menu .	burgers	neutral
Great atmosphere and fantastic service .	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere and fantastic service .	service	neutral
Their butter croissant is amazing !	butter croissant	neutral
We also like to pick up a jar of fresh made soup and a baguette .	soup	neutral
Their cocktail menu was nice with some great pairings .	cocktail menu	neutral
The bartender was very attentive and even shared the best times to come to the restaurant .	bartender	neutral
The decor is rustic with exposed brick and and large antique looking ceiling fans .	decor	neutral
The decor is rustic with exposed brick and and large antique looking ceiling fans .	ceiling fans	neutral
This is the perfect place to have drinks and conversation .	place	neutral
The draft selections were typical with a few rare finds .	draft selections	neutral
I would give another star but I did not try the food .	food	neutral
While Merchant remained vibrant and energetic with a wonderful drink menu , the food became quite disappointing .	Merchant	neutral
While Merchant remained vibrant and energetic with a wonderful drink menu , the food became quite disappointing .	drink menu	neutral
While Merchant remained vibrant and energetic with a wonderful drink menu , the food became quite disappointing .	food	neutral
The renewed focus on food , new chef , updated menu and some updates to the dining room have breathed new life into Merchant .	food	neutral
The renewed focus on food , new chef , updated menu and some updates to the dining room have breathed new life into Merchant .	chef	neutral
The renewed focus on food , new chef , updated menu and some updates to the dining room have breathed new life into Merchant .	menu	neutral
The renewed focus on food , new chef , updated menu and some updates to the dining room have breathed new life into Merchant .	dining room	neutral
What keeps this from being a 5-star review is the repeated unpleasant interactions with some staff .	staff	neutral
We attempted to get the attention of the bar back who immediately assumed we were trying to order a drink and said " I 'm a bar back .	bar back	neutral
And the bar backs reaction might have been marginally more acceptable	bar backs	neutral
we had difficulty finding our server or anyone to assist us so we could move on with our evening .	server	neutral
We finally got the attention of a host , who was clearly convinced that we were about to try to place an order with her	host	neutral
This McDonald 's is n't that great .	McDonald 's	neutral
Also , the Fish Fillet promotions during Lent suck .	Fish Fillet promotions	neutral
Here , it 's $ 3 for a Fish Fillet ; not much of a bargain there .	Fish Fillet	neutral
The food was amazing and the lady at the register treated us like family !	food	neutral
The food was amazing and the lady at the register treated us like family !	lady	neutral
Ordered 12 " pepperoni .	pepperoni	neutral
Crust was dry and hard .	Crust	neutral
Way too much sauce and the cheese tasted sour .	sauce	neutral
Way too much sauce and the cheese tasted sour .	cheese	neutral
Well ... the band was good	band	neutral
I waited 15 min for a bartender to ask me what I want , I said " Coors light " , she said " I 'll get to it when I can .	bartender	neutral
I told the manager and she asked the server over who took it .	server	neutral
The server rudely said " it was half gone " asked what it was , I said " Coors " and she dismissively dropped a Bud at the coffee table in front of the couch I was sitting on .	server	neutral
Four peaks is faaaar better and next door .	Four peaks	neutral
Ambience overkill , mediocre service and the ahi - calamari appetizer for $ 15 was one of the most disgusting tastes I have experienced .	Ambience	neutral
Ambience overkill , mediocre service and the ahi - calamari appetizer for $ 15 was one of the most disgusting tastes I have experienced .	service	neutral
Ambience overkill , mediocre service and the ahi - calamari appetizer for $ 15 was one of the most disgusting tastes I have experienced .	ahi - calamari appetizer	neutral
Sorry for the ahi n calamari that gave their lives to this sub standard dish .	ahi n calamari	neutral
Sorry for the ahi n calamari that gave their lives to this sub standard dish .	dish	neutral
The waiter got us ketchup after 20min of asking , when all the fries were eaten !	waiter	neutral
Expensive and small portions .	portions	neutral
Narai Thai which this location replaced was a far better joint !	Narai Thai	neutral
Oh yeah we need one more blando bland boring brewery in town , like we do n't have 50 others within a few miles of each other .	brewery	neutral
I do n't have a problem with breweries or bland food really	breweries	neutral
I do n't have a problem with breweries or bland food really	food	neutral
, I love beer and the food is really good in many .	beer	neutral
, I love beer and the food is really good in many .	food	neutral
Terrific location for visiting Madison .	location	neutral
The first floor common areas are beautiful .	common areas	neutral
The building architecture evokes the Prairie style school .	building architecture	neutral
The back of the first floor is a combination eating and lounging area with large windows affording a soothing view of Lake Mendota .	windows	neutral
The room we stayed in could use a little work but was a great deal for the price .	room	neutral
Overall this place is an excellent deal for what you get and the location .	place	neutral
Overall this place is an excellent deal for what you get and the location .	location	neutral
First , while the breakfast was honestly advertised as self serve continental , still it was rather spartan with no skim milk offered and just a couple of scones and English muffins .	breakfast	neutral
Dry cereal and a bowl of fruit rounded things out .	cereal	neutral
On the positive side the coffee was excellent and sitting in the back breakfast area while sipping coffee and looking out on the iced in Lake was food for the soul .	coffee	neutral
The bathroom in our room could use a little work - the original tile floor " crunched " in places where it is apparently lifting up .	bathroom	neutral
The bathroom in our room could use a little work - the original tile floor " crunched " in places where it is apparently lifting up .	tile floor	neutral
But the rest of the room was quite comfortable .	room	neutral
We always come here and get the milk bubble teas .	milk bubble teas	neutral
The honeydew milk tea , 3Q , and black milk bubble tea have always been our favorites	honeydew milk tea	neutral
The honeydew milk tea , 3Q , and black milk bubble tea have always been our favorites	3Q	neutral
The honeydew milk tea , 3Q , and black milk bubble tea have always been our favorites	black milk bubble tea	neutral
but we 've been too scared to try the fruit teas .	fruit teas	neutral
Great customer service and tea .	customer service	neutral
Great customer service and tea .	tea	neutral
Awesome grilled pork tacos , the beef ones are good to , but they can be on the fatty side most times .	grilled pork tacos	neutral
Awesome grilled pork tacos , the beef ones are good to , but they can be on the fatty side most times .	beef	neutral
chicken delicious as well ,	chicken	neutral
great salsa bar at every moreno 's and awesome service .	salsa bar	neutral
great salsa bar at every moreno 's and awesome service .	service	neutral
food always is hot and come out quickly .	food	neutral
i love the horchata as well .	horchata	neutral
Best Chinese I ever had .	Chinese	neutral
Mongolian Beef and the dumplings are always top notch .	Mongolian Beef	neutral
Mongolian Beef and the dumplings are always top notch .	dumplings	neutral
Service will be slow probably .	Service	neutral
Get the food to go if you are fussy about that stuff .	food	neutral
One bartender who takes care of all , sweet girl but obviously overwhelmed .	bartender	neutral
The fries were soggy , quesadilla is sooo mundane and one of the priciest items on the menu !	fries	neutral
The fries were soggy , quesadilla is sooo mundane and one of the priciest items on the menu !	quesadilla	neutral
Only good thing about this place is it was clean .	place	neutral
We were impressed that there in Scottsdale lies vegetarian - friendly eateries and of course , our new favorite vegan restaurant .	eateries	neutral
The interior is eclectic with a nurturing vibe .	interior	neutral
The service was impeccable and when you leave the restaurant you feel rejuvenated .	service	neutral
The food itself was worth every penny and the selection of specialty teas was endless .	food	neutral
The food itself was worth every penny and the selection of specialty teas was endless .	specialty teas	neutral
If you plan to share the nachos with a friend , stick to small portion plate because it 's more than plenty .	portion plate	neutral
Both dishes were mmmm , mmm good !	dishes	neutral
Portions were generous and if my stomach could expand just another 2 inches , I would have finished the entire plate .	Portions	neutral
Curry Katsu ( chicken )	Curry Katsu ( chicken	neutral
Hot Spicy Katsu ( pork tender )	Hot	neutral
Hot Spicy Katsu ( pork tender )	Spicy Katsu	neutral
The Tonkatsu sets were served about 10 minutes later and were very good .	Tonkatsu sets	neutral
The Katsu was crispy ( nicely fried and not oily ) , very tender , and the portions were large .	Katsu	neutral
The Katsu was crispy ( nicely fried and not oily ) , very tender , and the portions were large .	portions	neutral
I did note that the Pork Tender , which I assume was pork tenderloin , was a bit more tender ( as the name implies ) than the Pork Loin , but both were good .	Pork Tender	neutral
I did note that the Pork Tender , which I assume was pork tenderloin , was a bit more tender ( as the name implies ) than the Pork Loin , but both were good .	pork tenderloin	neutral
I did note that the Pork Tender , which I assume was pork tenderloin , was a bit more tender ( as the name implies ) than the Pork Loin , but both were good .	Pork Loin	neutral
The original sauce was sweet , salty and fruity .	original sauce	neutral
The hot spicy was more a tomato sauce and had nice zest .	hot spicy	neutral
The curry sauce was thick and had a strong curry flavour .	curry sauce	neutral
The rice and cabbage salad that accompanied our meal were both good as well .	rice	neutral
The rice and cabbage salad that accompanied our meal were both good as well .	cabbage salad	neutral
The salad itself was just finely cut cabbage and it was the salad dressing , which you add yourself from a carafe at the table , that made it really good .	salad	neutral
The salad itself was just finely cut cabbage and it was the salad dressing , which you add yourself from a carafe at the table , that made it really good .	salad dressing	neutral
The only complaint we have is the service .	service	neutral
After deciding what we wanted to order and putting down our menus , we had to wait over 5 minutes for the waitress to take our order , even though the restaurant was empty .	waitress	neutral
We were also not please in the way the waitress handled and served our soup .	waitress	neutral
We were also not please in the way the waitress handled and served our soup .	soup	neutral
The waitress was holding each soup by the top rim where proper service staff would have handled the bowls ( as with drinking cup , since we drank the soup like a cup ) by the base for hygienic reasons .	waitress	neutral
The waitress was holding each soup by the top rim where proper service staff would have handled the bowls ( as with drinking cup , since we drank the soup like a cup ) by the base for hygienic reasons .	service staff	neutral
Another hygiene issue was when the waitress was pushing her hair back with her hands while she prepared our plates .	waitress	neutral
Overall , the food was excellent and not like anything else in Mississauga .	food	neutral
In fact , the food was so good , I am willing to overlook the service and return again .	food	neutral
In fact , the food was so good , I am willing to overlook the service and return again .	service	neutral
Oh my God I totally love this place , it 's open late , always ready to cook a good meal I absolutely love my waitress Carolynn	place	neutral
Oh my God I totally love this place , it 's open late , always ready to cook a good meal I absolutely love my waitress Carolynn	meal	neutral
Oh my God I totally love this place , it 's open late , always ready to cook a good meal I absolutely love my waitress Carolynn	waitress	neutral
I 'm surprised to see any negative reviews for The Wigwam , I just find it absolutely impossible not to love this place with excellent customer service and accommodations .	The	neutral
I 'm surprised to see any negative reviews for The Wigwam , I just find it absolutely impossible not to love this place with excellent customer service and accommodations .	Wigwam	neutral
I 'm surprised to see any negative reviews for The Wigwam , I just find it absolutely impossible not to love this place with excellent customer service and accommodations .	place	neutral
I 'm surprised to see any negative reviews for The Wigwam , I just find it absolutely impossible not to love this place with excellent customer service and accommodations .	customer service	neutral
I 'm surprised to see any negative reviews for The Wigwam , I just find it absolutely impossible not to love this place with excellent customer service and accommodations .	accommodations	neutral
We are beyond floored with Wigwam .	Wigwam	neutral
From the moment we pulled into the resort to the very second we sadly had to leave , the service and friendliness was extraordinary !	service	neutral
We miss The Wigwam ! ! !	Wigwam	neutral
Thank you to all of the staff for always being so friendly and for making our stay so enjoyable .	staff	neutral
Various bread selections were served with lemon butter from Normandy .	bread	neutral
A flurry of canap辿s and amuse bouche offerings came out fast and furious : a Guinness and coconut gel辿e cube , a similar sauternes gel辿e cube , a divinely sweet mascarpone and orange souffl辿 cracker puff , long crispy lavash strips with a foie gras dipping sauce , a puffy parmesan sal辿 , and a sesame seaweed cracker .	amuse bouche	neutral
A flurry of canap辿s and amuse bouche offerings came out fast and furious : a Guinness and coconut gel辿e cube , a similar sauternes gel辿e cube , a divinely sweet mascarpone and orange souffl辿 cracker puff , long crispy lavash strips with a foie gras dipping sauce , a puffy parmesan sal辿 , and a sesame seaweed cracker .	Guinness and coconut gel辿e	neutral
A flurry of canap辿s and amuse bouche offerings came out fast and furious : a Guinness and coconut gel辿e cube , a similar sauternes gel辿e cube , a divinely sweet mascarpone and orange souffl辿 cracker puff , long crispy lavash strips with a foie gras dipping sauce , a puffy parmesan sal辿 , and a sesame seaweed cracker .	mascarpone and orange souffl辿 cracker puff	neutral
After these initial fireworks , I took a breath and admired the marvelous view of the Vegas strip from my window - side table , and strategized wine and cocktails with my server for the evening , Anthony , who was top - notch .	view	neutral
After these initial fireworks , I took a breath and admired the marvelous view of the Vegas strip from my window - side table , and strategized wine and cocktails with my server for the evening , Anthony , who was top - notch .	wine	neutral
After these initial fireworks , I took a breath and admired the marvelous view of the Vegas strip from my window - side table , and strategized wine and cocktails with my server for the evening , Anthony , who was top - notch .	cocktails	neutral
After these initial fireworks , I took a breath and admired the marvelous view of the Vegas strip from my window - side table , and strategized wine and cocktails with my server for the evening , Anthony , who was top - notch .	server	neutral
After these initial fireworks , I took a breath and admired the marvelous view of the Vegas strip from my window - side table , and strategized wine and cocktails with my server for the evening , Anthony , who was top - notch .	Anthony	neutral
His service was highly personalized , as he got to know me during my dinner and understood what I was looking for out of the meal .	service	neutral
His wine pairing suggestions were excellent , and his OCD - level of attention to my needs was phenomenal .	wine pairing	neutral
He is among my favorite waiters I 've ever had , and such an important part as to why I enjoyed my meal here so much .	waiters	neutral
He is among my favorite waiters I 've ever had , and such an important part as to why I enjoyed my meal here so much .	meal	neutral
My meal began in earnest with two exemplary dishes : " White Asparagus Viennoise " with a creamy blood orange mousseline sauce made with egg yolks evoking a silky hollandaise , and a " Mediterranean Loup De Mer Carpaccio " featuring branzino , Alaskan king crab , lemon , avocado , tuile , and horseradish - infused milk cubes -- a sassy little raw seafood dish .	blood orange mousseline sauce	neutral
My meal began in earnest with two exemplary dishes : " White Asparagus Viennoise " with a creamy blood orange mousseline sauce made with egg yolks evoking a silky hollandaise , and a " Mediterranean Loup De Mer Carpaccio " featuring branzino , Alaskan king crab , lemon , avocado , tuile , and horseradish - infused milk cubes -- a sassy little raw seafood dish .	Mediterranean	neutral
My meal began in earnest with two exemplary dishes : " White Asparagus Viennoise " with a creamy blood orange mousseline sauce made with egg yolks evoking a silky hollandaise , and a " Mediterranean Loup De Mer Carpaccio " featuring branzino , Alaskan king crab , lemon , avocado , tuile , and horseradish - infused milk cubes -- a sassy little raw seafood dish .	branzino	neutral
Fancy Pok辿 " for you kids out there .	Pok辿	neutral
My favorite course was the " Maine Lobster with ' Pitchi ' Sauce .	Maine Lobster with ' Pitchi	neutral
The flawlessly - poached lobster meat , taut and peculiarly sweet , was as breathtaking to look at as it was to eat .	lobster meat	neutral
The ' Pitchi ' sauce is comprised of umami - bearing shiitakes ( i. e. " little cocaine mushrooms " ) and a buttery Madras curry that satisfied the richness you expect to have in a lobster dish while raising the bar .	Pitchi	neutral
The ' Pitchi ' sauce is comprised of umami - bearing shiitakes ( i. e. " little cocaine mushrooms " ) and a buttery Madras curry that satisfied the richness you expect to have in a lobster dish while raising the bar .	Madras curry	neutral
The ' Pitchi ' sauce is comprised of umami - bearing shiitakes ( i. e. " little cocaine mushrooms " ) and a buttery Madras curry that satisfied the richness you expect to have in a lobster dish while raising the bar .	lobster dish	neutral
Sticks of granny smith apple at first seemed whimsical , but when I had them with the curry and the lobster , I realized they provided a sour fruit element that completed the dish .	curry	neutral
Sticks of granny smith apple at first seemed whimsical , but when I had them with the curry and the lobster , I realized they provided a sour fruit element that completed the dish .	lobster	neutral
" Frog Legs in Veal Mousseline Sauce and Watercress Foam " was my next course .	Veal	neutral
The sauce was the most remarkable element of this dish : light , luxurious , airy .	sauce	neutral
This texture paired perfectly with the delicate breaded frog legs - one of the few meats people claim " tastes like chicken " that actually does taste like chicken , even with the texture of salmon .	breaded frog legs	neutral
This texture paired perfectly with the delicate breaded frog legs - one of the few meats people claim " tastes like chicken " that actually does taste like chicken , even with the texture of salmon .	salmon	neutral
Aside from the decadent truffles , the lean but tender browned buffalo filet was smothered in what Twist calls a " violin sauce , " similar to a classic bordelaise but less sweet , and more savory .	buffalo filet	neutral
Anthony 's suggested wine pairing was the " Ch但teau Les Trois Croix Bordeaux , " which was perfect .	Ch但teau Les	neutral
All of this was simply foreplay for the dessert course , which was delivered across 5 sub - courses : " Hazelnut with Chocolate Ganache , " " Chartreuse Parfait , " " Elderflower Gelais and Raspberries , " " Almond Pistachio Cake with Lemon Sorbet , " and " Apple ' Pie ' with Apple Ice Cream .	Hazelnut with Chocolate Ganache	neutral
All of this was simply foreplay for the dessert course , which was delivered across 5 sub - courses : " Hazelnut with Chocolate Ganache , " " Chartreuse Parfait , " " Elderflower Gelais and Raspberries , " " Almond Pistachio Cake with Lemon Sorbet , " and " Apple ' Pie ' with Apple Ice Cream .	Chartreuse	neutral
All of this was simply foreplay for the dessert course , which was delivered across 5 sub - courses : " Hazelnut with Chocolate Ganache , " " Chartreuse Parfait , " " Elderflower Gelais and Raspberries , " " Almond Pistachio Cake with Lemon Sorbet , " and " Apple ' Pie ' with Apple Ice Cream .	Elderflower Gelais and Raspberries	neutral
All of this was simply foreplay for the dessert course , which was delivered across 5 sub - courses : " Hazelnut with Chocolate Ganache , " " Chartreuse Parfait , " " Elderflower Gelais and Raspberries , " " Almond Pistachio Cake with Lemon Sorbet , " and " Apple ' Pie ' with Apple Ice Cream .	Almond Pistachio	neutral
My mouth was tickled as my insides ached while I devoured every last bite of this dessert course without end .	dessert	neutral
I was challenged and delighted by the tart apple ice cream served with the shortbread apple pie " cookie .	shortbread apple pie " cookie	neutral
Similarly , I enjoyed the herbaceousness and custardy mouthfeel of the Chartreuse Parfait .	Chartreuse Parfait	neutral
Of all the desserts , the warm , gooey " Ferrero Rocher"-like hazelnut plate was the most straightforward and built - to - please .	Ferrero Rocher"-like	neutral
Of all the desserts , the warm , gooey " Ferrero Rocher"-like hazelnut plate was the most straightforward and built - to - please .	hazelnut plate	neutral
A follow - up wave of " petit fours " was a full - on multi - course dessert in of itself .	petit fours	neutral
Food / D辿cor / Service :	Food	neutral
Food / D辿cor / Service :	D辿cor	neutral
Food / D辿cor / Service :	Service	neutral
Cool beer selection .	beer selection	neutral
As expected for a restaurant within a hotel casino , a bit overpriced .	restaurant	neutral
Almost all of the apps and entrees that our 8-top ordered would not make the average person " full " or satisfied except for the NY steak my friend ordered ( got to taste it , it was great ! ) .	apps	neutral
Almost all of the apps and entrees that our 8-top ordered would not make the average person " full " or satisfied except for the NY steak my friend ordered ( got to taste it , it was great ! ) .	entrees	neutral
Almost all of the apps and entrees that our 8-top ordered would not make the average person " full " or satisfied except for the NY steak my friend ordered ( got to taste it , it was great ! ) .	NY steak	neutral
Food was good but not amazing ( I ordered the salmon , which was alright , but again , quite a small portion ) .	Food	neutral
Food was good but not amazing ( I ordered the salmon , which was alright , but again , quite a small portion ) .	salmon	neutral
Service was slow at times although courteous and helpful .	Service	neutral
The environment suggested a young , upscale dining experience .	environment	neutral
It was a nice experience overall but would probably skip this place on my next visit .	place	neutral
But did I like the place ?	place	neutral
The bagel itself was crispy / toasty on the outside and soft on the inside .	bagel	neutral
Cute place in old town with a limited food menu that focuses on a few things done well .	place	neutral
Cute place in old town with a limited food menu that focuses on a few things done well .	food menu	neutral
The avocado toast and waffles were both delicious and so were the drinks .	avocado toast	neutral
The avocado toast and waffles were both delicious and so were the drinks .	waffles	neutral
Vibe is nice , airy and open .	Vibe	neutral
There is nothing fast at all about this McDonalds .	McDonalds	neutral
I ended up just sticking to breakfast type food because those were the most edible items there .	breakfast	neutral
The fried chicken was also slightly good .	fried chicken	neutral
I scored a drumstick and it was perfect .	drumstick	neutral
However , when I got a bigger piece of fried chicken , the batter was on point	fried chicken	neutral
However , when I got a bigger piece of fried chicken , the batter was on point	batter	neutral
Serving sizes are great !	Serving sizes	neutral
I am working my way through the flavours and so far they have all been delicious .	flavours	neutral
Fries are great and they also are served with great sizes .	Fries	neutral
Does not give me much desire to eat in but the food is great .	food	neutral
Excellent restaurant pay no attention to negative reviews !	restaurant	neutral
I never write reviews but felt that I had to as this restaurant is so good and does nt deserve the bad reviews it has been given .	restaurant	neutral
so believe me when I tell you I know a bit about Greek food .	Greek food	neutral
i 've been to this restaurant at least 100 times and the food ,	restaurant	neutral
i 've been to this restaurant at least 100 times and the food ,	food	neutral
Service and cleanliness is always 5 Stars .	Service	neutral
Service and cleanliness is always 5 Stars .	cleanliness	neutral
I read a review that Terry the owner was rude .	Terry	neutral
I read a review that Terry the owner was rude .	owner	neutral
You will be 100 % satisfied with any item on the menu .	menu	neutral
My personal favourites are Terry 's homemade Tzatziki ( best in Montreal ) the octopus salad , the Tavla ( a carnivores dream ) and the baklava cheesecake .	Terry	neutral
My personal favourites are Terry 's homemade Tzatziki ( best in Montreal ) the octopus salad , the Tavla ( a carnivores dream ) and the baklava cheesecake .	homemade	neutral
My personal favourites are Terry 's homemade Tzatziki ( best in Montreal ) the octopus salad , the Tavla ( a carnivores dream ) and the baklava cheesecake .	Tzatziki	neutral
My personal favourites are Terry 's homemade Tzatziki ( best in Montreal ) the octopus salad , the Tavla ( a carnivores dream ) and the baklava cheesecake .	octopus salad	neutral
My personal favourites are Terry 's homemade Tzatziki ( best in Montreal ) the octopus salad , the Tavla ( a carnivores dream ) and the baklava cheesecake .	Tavla	neutral
My personal favourites are Terry 's homemade Tzatziki ( best in Montreal ) the octopus salad , the Tavla ( a carnivores dream ) and the baklava cheesecake .	baklava cheesecake	neutral
It 's a little cheesy being in the gerrard food court but the food is worth it .	food	neutral
There 's usually a line up but the service is friendly and fast .	service	neutral
The owner himself is a great person too .	owner	neutral
Delicious Italian beef sandwiches .	Italian beef sandwiches	neutral
The broth on the Italian beef is very nice-	broth	neutral
The broth on the Italian beef is very nice-	Italian beef	neutral
flavorful , not too salty , and you get the option of full dip or half dip depending on how saturated you like your sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
They also have authentic Chicago style hot dogs , complete with neon green relish and poppy seed bun .	hot dogs	neutral
I had some of the hot dog , and while it was pretty good , the Italian beef was the better of the two .	hot dog	neutral
I had some of the hot dog , and while it was pretty good , the Italian beef was the better of the two .	Italian beef	neutral
The chili cheese fries are also quite tasty , and are covered with a good amount of cheese and chili .	chili cheese fries	neutral
The owner here was very friendly and thanked us for our patronage .	owner	neutral
They have like 14 machines of full - pay deuces wild , which is about as many as you 'll find anywhere .	deuces	neutral
Plus the machines are FAST .	machines	neutral
- Dear god , the cashier line is a total disaster .	cashier line	neutral
After a summer full of delicious shawarma wraps every week , I felt like I needed to find a place in Pittsburgh to help me with my cravings .	shawarma wraps	neutral
I got a lamb shawarma wrap .	lamb shawarma	neutral
I like my shawarma wraps to be of the spicy variety , but it was definitely tasty at Taza 21 .	shawarma wraps	neutral
Vegetarian wraps go for 6 bucks while non - vegetarian ones are 7 .	Vegetarian wraps	neutral
They also have salads and what not , but I doubt I 'd get a salad when their wraps are so tasty .	salads	neutral
They also have salads and what not , but I doubt I 'd get a salad when their wraps are so tasty .	wraps	neutral
My buddy said their kibbee wrap was pretty good too .	kibbee wrap	neutral
I also want to hit up their hummus .	hummus	neutral
Good hummus is so hard to find .	hummus	neutral
Everything was great ; good service , very affordable for Vegas , and big portions .	service	neutral
Everything was great ; good service , very affordable for Vegas , and big portions .	portions	neutral
I highly recommend the ham and cheese crepe as well as the irish coffee , super rich and filling .	ham and cheese crepe	neutral
I highly recommend the ham and cheese crepe as well as the irish coffee , super rich and filling .	irish coffee	neutral
We had kind of a wait for our sushi , but the overpriced sushi and poor quality of the sushi is why I 'm rating this place so low .	sushi	neutral
We had kind of a wait for our sushi , but the overpriced sushi and poor quality of the sushi is why I 'm rating this place so low .	sushi	neutral
Do not get me wrong , the service was nice , people were attentive .	service	neutral
Just the sushi quality was not up to my expectorations , especially in a place like birkdale .	sushi	neutral
My boyfriend burnt his tongue on the very hot crab Rangoon dip , but that 's his fault	crab Rangoon dip	neutral
, nevertheless the waitress did not warn us it was piping hot .	waitress	neutral
Unfortunately , I will not be back unless I 'm with a group and I will know now that the sushi is subpar .	sushi	neutral
Seafood is a sketchy thing for me because I hate it	Seafood	neutral
Our waitress was awesome .	waitress	neutral
The appetizers we started off with were decent .	appetizers	neutral
I had the Onion Strings and Jalape単os	Onion Strings and Jalape単os	neutral
and he had the Lobster Bisque and Seafood Stuffed Mushrooms .	Lobster Bisque	neutral
and he had the Lobster Bisque and Seafood Stuffed Mushrooms .	Seafood Stuffed Mushrooms	neutral
I try the bisque .	bisque	neutral
The onions were lightly breaded and crispy .	onions	neutral
The mushrooms are where it all started to go downhill .	mushrooms	neutral
The filling on them tasted old and weird .	filling	neutral
My husband had the Grilled Seafood platter as is entree	Grilled Seafood platter	neutral
Again , everything on his platter tasted old and off .	platter	neutral
My steak was slightly over done , but liveable .	steak	neutral
The 4 flights for $ 10 is what sold me on the place , but my expectations were exceeded .	4 flights for	neutral
I sat at the bar and the service was really great .	bar	neutral
I sat at the bar and the service was really great .	service	neutral
I got their skirt stake on pesto sauce and their beet appetizer .	skirt	neutral
I would definitely recommend checking this place out if you 're in the area .	place	neutral
The gyro- what a tasty treat !	gyro-	neutral
If I had to give any criticism is that you may want the salad dressing on the side .	salad dressing	neutral
I fine they put far too much on their salads .	salads	neutral
Beautifully displayed , a variety of different ice creams and gelatos , another section full of artisanal chocolates and macarons , french pastries , coffee , and baked goods -- this place is the best !	ice creams	neutral
Beautifully displayed , a variety of different ice creams and gelatos , another section full of artisanal chocolates and macarons , french pastries , coffee , and baked goods -- this place is the best !	gelatos	neutral
Beautifully displayed , a variety of different ice creams and gelatos , another section full of artisanal chocolates and macarons , french pastries , coffee , and baked goods -- this place is the best !	macarons	neutral
Beautifully displayed , a variety of different ice creams and gelatos , another section full of artisanal chocolates and macarons , french pastries , coffee , and baked goods -- this place is the best !	french pastries	neutral
Beautifully displayed , a variety of different ice creams and gelatos , another section full of artisanal chocolates and macarons , french pastries , coffee , and baked goods -- this place is the best !	coffee	neutral
Beautifully displayed , a variety of different ice creams and gelatos , another section full of artisanal chocolates and macarons , french pastries , coffee , and baked goods -- this place is the best !	baked goods	neutral
Thank you Wolfgang Puck for opening this bar and grill that is open late !	bar	neutral
Thank you Wolfgang Puck for opening this bar and grill that is open late !	grill	neutral
Luckily this bar and grill is open late and provided the exact solution we were looking for !	bar	neutral
Luckily this bar and grill is open late and provided the exact solution we were looking for !	grill	neutral
We did n't expect the chicken to be so tender and flavorful - it was so fantastic	chicken	neutral
Do n't get me wrong , the pizza was good too - but the chicken was so delightful !	pizza	neutral
Do n't get me wrong , the pizza was good too - but the chicken was so delightful !	chicken	neutral
Could n't believe to find this gem at a food court inside a shopping mall !	food	neutral
The staff was very pleasant , and had us sample some of their choices .	staff	neutral
The Jarret D ' Agneau ( Lamb Shank ) and the C担tes De Veau ( Veal Ribs ) .	Jarret	neutral
The Jarret D ' Agneau ( Lamb Shank ) and the C担tes De Veau ( Veal Ribs ) .	Lamb Shank	neutral
The Jarret D ' Agneau ( Lamb Shank ) and the C担tes De Veau ( Veal Ribs ) .	Veal Ribs	neutral
Both entrees came with yummy rice and veggies .	rice	neutral
Each of the meats was juicy and very flavorful ! !	meats	neutral
Food was excellent .	Food	neutral
Service fantastic .	Service	neutral
The unlimited food and drinks is what sells me on this place .	unlimited food	neutral
The unlimited food and drinks is what sells me on this place .	drinks	neutral
The unlimited food and drinks is what sells me on this place .	place	neutral
Definitely make a reservation and give yourself about two hours to eat all the yummy food !	food	neutral
Unlimited food and drinks is $ 40 total which is worth it , it includes unlimited appetizers , sides and dessert ( which is delicious , the cheesecake is to die for ) and on top of that an entree all of your own .	food	neutral
Unlimited food and drinks is $ 40 total which is worth it , it includes unlimited appetizers , sides and dessert ( which is delicious , the cheesecake is to die for ) and on top of that an entree all of your own .	drinks	neutral
Unlimited food and drinks is $ 40 total which is worth it , it includes unlimited appetizers , sides and dessert ( which is delicious , the cheesecake is to die for ) and on top of that an entree all of your own .	appetizers	neutral
Unlimited food and drinks is $ 40 total which is worth it , it includes unlimited appetizers , sides and dessert ( which is delicious , the cheesecake is to die for ) and on top of that an entree all of your own .	sides	neutral
Unlimited food and drinks is $ 40 total which is worth it , it includes unlimited appetizers , sides and dessert ( which is delicious , the cheesecake is to die for ) and on top of that an entree all of your own .	dessert	neutral
Unlimited food and drinks is $ 40 total which is worth it , it includes unlimited appetizers , sides and dessert ( which is delicious , the cheesecake is to die for ) and on top of that an entree all of your own .	cheesecake	neutral
The mimosas are good but you can also get beer , bloody Mary 's or margaritas , the best part is they are n't skimpy on alcohol like you would think since it 's unlimited .	mimosas	neutral
The mimosas are good but you can also get beer , bloody Mary 's or margaritas , the best part is they are n't skimpy on alcohol like you would think since it 's unlimited .	beer	neutral
The mimosas are good but you can also get beer , bloody Mary 's or margaritas , the best part is they are n't skimpy on alcohol like you would think since it 's unlimited .	bloody	neutral
The mimosas are good but you can also get beer , bloody Mary 's or margaritas , the best part is they are n't skimpy on alcohol like you would think since it 's unlimited .	margaritas	neutral
Unlimited drinks 2 .	drinks	neutral
Recently had lunch at Yuzu - what a lovely experience !	Yuzu	neutral
Staff was very quick and attentive .	Staff	neutral
We were all first timers and our waitress took the time to walk us through the menu and recommend their top items .	waitress	neutral
We were all first timers and our waitress took the time to walk us through the menu and recommend their top items .	menu	neutral
The menu is very vast , with traditional appetizers , entr辿e salads , soup ramen , ramen stir fries , stir fries with various noodles or rice , etc .	menu	neutral
The menu is very vast , with traditional appetizers , entr辿e salads , soup ramen , ramen stir fries , stir fries with various noodles or rice , etc .	appetizers	neutral
The menu is very vast , with traditional appetizers , entr辿e salads , soup ramen , ramen stir fries , stir fries with various noodles or rice , etc .	entr辿e salads	neutral
The menu is very vast , with traditional appetizers , entr辿e salads , soup ramen , ramen stir fries , stir fries with various noodles or rice , etc .	soup ramen	neutral
The menu is very vast , with traditional appetizers , entr辿e salads , soup ramen , ramen stir fries , stir fries with various noodles or rice , etc .	ramen stir fries	neutral
The menu is very vast , with traditional appetizers , entr辿e salads , soup ramen , ramen stir fries , stir fries with various noodles or rice , etc .	stir fries	neutral
All with your choice of meat , tofu , or veggies .	meat	neutral
All with your choice of meat , tofu , or veggies .	tofu	neutral
I ordered the ramen stir - fry and to make it vegan asked for steamed tofu and no fish sauce .	ramen	neutral
Our waitress was n't sure if they could accommodate , but she checked with the kitchen and came right back .	waitress	neutral
Unfortunately their ramen noodles have egg in them , but she happily advised what my other options were and ultimately I ordered the Singapore Curry Noodles which were very thin rice noodles , yellow curry , bell peppers , red onion , scallions , with steamed tofu .	ramen noodles	neutral
Unfortunately their ramen noodles have egg in them , but she happily advised what my other options were and ultimately I ordered the Singapore Curry Noodles which were very thin rice noodles , yellow curry , bell peppers , red onion , scallions , with steamed tofu .	Singapore	neutral
Staff was super kind and	Staff	neutral
food was great , I will definitely be back .	food	neutral
I would n't say there 's anything wrong with Oliver & Bonacini I would instead say it 's not great value .	Oliver & Bonacini	neutral
On any given night you can expect to spend $ 20 + on a main course that will be good but unspectacular .	main course	neutral
but I would n't make O&B my first choice .	O&B	neutral
Upon entering the restaurant , I was greeted with the most pleasant energy from the staff .	staff	neutral
I absolutely appreciated meeting the manager , Avi , during my stay and the wait staff was wonderful .	manager	neutral
I absolutely appreciated meeting the manager , Avi , during my stay and the wait staff was wonderful .	wait staff	neutral
The menu presentation is current and unique and the bread tray was delightfully unexpected in design .	menu presentation	neutral
The menu presentation is current and unique and the bread tray was delightfully unexpected in design .	bread tray	neutral
I ordered the seafood risotto , a dish I had been eyeing leading up to my restaurant visit .	seafood risotto	neutral
I love how the spice/ garnish tray complimented my meal , with mini bowls of capers , red chili flakes , pesto , and grated Pecorino Romano .	spice/ garnish tray	neutral
I love how the spice/ garnish tray complimented my meal , with mini bowls of capers , red chili flakes , pesto , and grated Pecorino Romano .	capers	neutral
I love how the spice/ garnish tray complimented my meal , with mini bowls of capers , red chili flakes , pesto , and grated Pecorino Romano .	red chili flakes	neutral
I love how the spice/ garnish tray complimented my meal , with mini bowls of capers , red chili flakes , pesto , and grated Pecorino Romano .	pesto	neutral
The dish was the right combination of savory and salty and truly satisfying as I hope it would be .	dish	neutral
Water was my primary beverage for the evening and rarely had someone come over to make sure my glass remained filled .	Water	neutral
Best customer service I received ever from any place I 've eaten .	customer service	neutral
I came here twice because the food is amazing !	food	neutral
I call the udon bowls fluffy clouds because that 's what the udon texture reminded me of .	udon bowls	neutral
I call the udon bowls fluffy clouds because that 's what the udon texture reminded me of .	udon	neutral
The udon noodles are soft , but never mushy , springy , but never chewy , and are perfectly content sitting under a bed of whatever sauce you decide to put on .	udon noodles	neutral
The salmon cream reminds me of clam chowder with a bit of salmony flavor .	salmon cream	neutral
The salmon cream is very mildly savory and complements the udon in a non - palate shocking way .	salmon cream	neutral
The salmon cream is very mildly savory and complements the udon in a non - palate shocking way .	udon	neutral
If you like seafood , cream , and noodles , this is your udon bowl .	udon	neutral
The black sesame has a bit of a wow factor and is a bit messy for anyone who slurps and wears light color clothes .	black sesame	neutral
The black sesame sauce is nutty , sweet , with a hint of savoriness at the same time .	black sesame sauce	neutral
In addition to the bowls , I ordered the pork belly and roasted hamachi gama as an appetizer .	pork belly	neutral
The pork belly was honestly average , The pork skin was gummy and chewy , and the meat did n't have much of any flavor except for some salt .	pork belly	neutral
The pork belly was honestly average , The pork skin was gummy and chewy , and the meat did n't have much of any flavor except for some salt .	pork skin	neutral
The pork belly was honestly average , The pork skin was gummy and chewy , and the meat did n't have much of any flavor except for some salt .	meat	neutral
The roasted hamachi gama was very juicy and meaty .	roasted hamachi gama	neutral
Eating this fish is not for anyone skirmish of bones and seeing an entire fish , but if you 're one of the ones who appreciates eating the whole fish ( bellies and tails and all ) , you 're going to love everything about this little seriola quinqueradiata .	seriola	neutral
Eating this fish is not for anyone skirmish of bones and seeing an entire fish , but if you 're one of the ones who appreciates eating the whole fish ( bellies and tails and all ) , you 're going to love everything about this little seriola quinqueradiata .	quinqueradiata	neutral
Great place for good food .	place	neutral
Great place for good food .	food	neutral
Damn ... I ca nt find anything negative about this place except that it is nt near my house .	place	neutral
I was concerned that it was just overrated due to its extremely large portions but no longer .	portions	neutral
I had to try the fried chicken eggs benedict that I saw on tv .	fried chicken eggs benedict	neutral
The sauce was sooooo good .	sauce	neutral
Also the bloody marys are nt to be missed ... they make their own mix every day and it is awesome !	bloody marys	neutral
Pretty crappy service , the employees are rude .	service	neutral
Pretty crappy service , the employees are rude .	employees	neutral
They always tell you AFTER you order and finish and get to the register that their credit card machine does nt work .	credit	neutral
Horrible place to go do nt waste your time or money just find a different one to go too .	place	neutral
I 've been coming here for years ( its close to school ) and i ve never had good service	service	neutral
Found this place by accident , and sure glad I did .	place	neutral
and I was delighted to see the turkey was whole pieces , pulled from the breast .	turkey	neutral
What a great , fresh tasting sub .	sub	neutral
I had the short ribs .	short ribs	neutral
The chef in the back looked at me and had a look like , " Is this guy going to know if the meat is old ? " .	chef	neutral
The chef in the back looked at me and had a look like , " Is this guy going to know if the meat is old ? " .	meat	neutral
Good food	food	neutral
; Gyro sauce was great .	Gyro sauce	neutral
The server was very nice .	server	neutral
This place is so good ! !	place	neutral
The manager and employees were very nice !	manager	neutral
The manager and employees were very nice !	employees	neutral
We got the all you can eat .	all you can eat	neutral
My brother and dad like more plain rolls while my mom and I like more extravagant rolls .	rolls	neutral
My brother and dad like more plain rolls while my mom and I like more extravagant rolls .	rolls	neutral
We all enjoyed the 007 roll and got like 4 of them .	007 roll	neutral
We also enjoyed the shrimp fried rice and the chicken teriyaki is to die for .	shrimp fried rice	neutral
We also enjoyed the shrimp fried rice and the chicken teriyaki is to die for .	chicken teriyaki	neutral
The fried gyoza was good and so were the egg rolls .	fried gyoza	neutral
The fried gyoza was good and so were the egg rolls .	egg rolls	neutral
The Lobster and Mexican roll were delicious as well .	Lobster	neutral
The Lobster and Mexican roll were delicious as well .	Mexican roll	neutral
The only thing I did n't enjoy was the Korean BBQ roll .	Korean BBQ roll	neutral
calamari was good , the lobster was good .... did n't have dessert as we went over to jean phillip instead .	calamari	neutral
calamari was good , the lobster was good .... did n't have dessert as we went over to jean phillip instead .	lobster	neutral
Arizona Wilderness is a subpar brewery and restaurant masquerading as a hip joint .	Arizona Wilderness	neutral
Arizona Wilderness is a subpar brewery and restaurant masquerading as a hip joint .	brewery	neutral
Sure , there are a few trendy pints to sample .	pints	neutral
Most of the beers are so lofty that it 's hard to know what you 're sampling .	beers	neutral
The beer menu is inundated with a litany of Webster words that confuse and distract from choosing the right beer .	beer menu	neutral
Surprisingly , the food menu is the best part ; especially the Black Bean Burger .	food menu	neutral
Surprisingly , the food menu is the best part ; especially the Black Bean Burger .	Black Bean Burger	neutral
The " create - your - own " burger options are fun and some of the apps are well - priced .	burger options	neutral
The " create - your - own " burger options are fun and some of the apps are well - priced .	apps	neutral
My biggest gripe about the place is that it simply is trying too hard to mint itself as " cool . "	place	neutral
It 's definitely not an optimal place to watch a sporting event either .	place	neutral
The atmosphere of this place is great and they have wifi .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere of this place is great and they have wifi .	place	neutral
The atmosphere of this place is great and they have wifi .	wifi	neutral
Unfortunately , I was n't impressed with their chai tea latte , it was not worth the $ 4 .	chai tea latte	neutral
There was very little chai taste	chai	neutral
I do n't know if I 'd want to spend the money here to try their other beverages .	beverages	neutral
Otherwise the server was super friendly and place has great vibes .	server	neutral
Otherwise the server was super friendly and place has great vibes .	place	neutral
No frills mom - and - pop eatery .	eatery	neutral
Qi combos ( notably # 1 ) are good value and gets you lots of food .	Qi combos	neutral
I would n't recommend stand alone sushi or sashimi ( quality is not that great ) , but the rolls are plenty solid .	sushi	neutral
I would n't recommend stand alone sushi or sashimi ( quality is not that great ) , but the rolls are plenty solid .	sashimi	neutral
I would n't recommend stand alone sushi or sashimi ( quality is not that great ) , but the rolls are plenty solid .	rolls	neutral
Stick to the rolls !	rolls	neutral
I like this place a lot .	place	neutral
AND they have entr辿es that are healthy but still taste good !	entr辿es	neutral
I love the QUINOA CRUNCH BOWL and the FLATBREADS are fantastic !	QUINOA CRUNCH BOWL	neutral
I love the QUINOA CRUNCH BOWL and the FLATBREADS are fantastic !	FLATBREADS	neutral
Today I had the meaty potato spud with beef brisket and some BBQ Beans ! !	meaty potato spud with beef brisket	neutral
The staff , especially management , was soooo nice and welcoming ! !	staff	neutral
The staff , especially management , was soooo nice and welcoming ! !	management	neutral
The food was SO good .	food	neutral
It was such amazing service and we all ca n't wait to go back !	service	neutral
Tacos el gordo , what a great name .	Tacos	neutral
Tacos el gordo , what a great name .	el	neutral
Personally , I thought the concept was a bit weird because if you want a carne asada taco and a lengua taco you need to stand in 2 separate lines .	carne	neutral
Probably not to cross contaminate the meat	meat	neutral
The cooks are pretty good about getting everything	cooks	neutral
One of the least expensive meals I have ever had on the strip in Vegas .	meals	neutral
Tortillas are freshly made .	Tortillas	neutral
The portions are generous .	portions	neutral
Mainly because the guacamole is not an additional charge and you get a huge portion on top .	guacamole	neutral
Mainly because the guacamole is not an additional charge and you get a huge portion on top .	portion	neutral
I loved my tacos .	tacos	neutral
People were friendly .	People	neutral
It is 5-stars for the food but ordering food in different lines was n't my thing .	food	neutral
The tacos will not disappoint .	tacos	neutral
Music was hip hop .	Music	neutral
Outside area is pretty nice , good views , but be aware there s nowhere to seat unless you buy a bottle , otherwise all the seats and tables are off limits and guarded by the security staff at all times !	Outside area	neutral
Outside area is pretty nice , good views , but be aware there s nowhere to seat unless you buy a bottle , otherwise all the seats and tables are off limits and guarded by the security staff at all times !	views	neutral
Outside area is pretty nice , good views , but be aware there s nowhere to seat unless you buy a bottle , otherwise all the seats and tables are off limits and guarded by the security staff at all times !	seats	neutral
Outside area is pretty nice , good views , but be aware there s nowhere to seat unless you buy a bottle , otherwise all the seats and tables are off limits and guarded by the security staff at all times !	tables	neutral
the staff guy comes around and told everyone to stand up ! !	staff	neutral
the cornerstones are bottle service too ?	bottle service	neutral
If that was n't enough , drinks are so overprice .	drinks	neutral
Review is just for the AYCE menu .	AYCE menu	neutral
Good selection , they even have sashimi .	selection	neutral
Good selection , they even have sashimi .	sashimi	neutral
But tuna is frozen tuna .	tuna	neutral
Salmon was excellent .	Salmon	neutral
Service is great and the hibachi meals look great !	Service	neutral
Service is great and the hibachi meals look great !	hibachi meals	neutral
Service was very good , that 's the only thing positive about my experience .	Service	neutral
The Prime Rib I had was so bad I was n't even willing to give them a second chance .	Prime Rib	neutral
Not that I want any but shows good customer service , again .	customer service	neutral
Amazing dinner buffet ...	dinner buffet	neutral
At dinner they had a create your own mac and cheese section !	mac and	neutral
Still comes second in my opinion to the ceasar 's buffet , but delicious none the less .	ceasar 's buffet	neutral
I am super disappointed in my stay at this hotel .	hotel	neutral
and I stayed in a room where the lock on the door was broken without my knowledge !	door	neutral
My friend told me I had to try this place	place	neutral
It 's a small space and does n't look like much from the outside but the food is delicious .	space	neutral
It 's a small space and does n't look like much from the outside but the food is delicious .	food	neutral
I tried the carne asada and pastor tacos .	carne asada	neutral
I tried the carne asada and pastor tacos .	pastor tacos	neutral
Both were delicious but the pastor was my favorite !	pastor	neutral
The tacos came with lime , cucumber and radishes on the side .	tacos	neutral
The salsas were flavorful and tortillas tasted fresh .	salsas	neutral
The salsas were flavorful and tortillas tasted fresh .	tortillas	neutral
I 've also tried their carne asada that is marinated there .	carne	neutral
They also bought some of the small flour tortillas from there that were perfect for tacos .	flour tortillas	neutral
and this place is a DUMP .	place	neutral
This place is run down .	place	neutral
Maid service did n't come either day .	Maid service	neutral
Our room door was basically off one hinge .	room door	neutral
The steak and shake restaurant was less than average .	steak and shake restaurant	neutral
THERE WERE NO COCKTAIL SERVERS IN SIGHT ....	COCKTAIL SERVERS	neutral
This is my favorite place for beer and fine wine .	place	neutral
This is my favorite place for beer and fine wine .	beer	neutral
This is my favorite place for beer and fine wine .	wine	neutral
The ambiance is awesome , so is the vibe and staff .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance is awesome , so is the vibe and staff .	vibe	neutral
The ambiance is awesome , so is the vibe and staff .	staff	neutral
My neighborhood liquor store .	liquor	neutral
People are always friendly there .	People	neutral
I was pissed off because I just spent $ 50 and you charging me extra for sweet and sour sauce .	sweet and sour sauce	neutral
Pretty standard diner - style breakfast fare .	breakfast fare	neutral
Staff was friendly and attentive , meal served hot and quick .	Staff	neutral
Staff was friendly and attentive , meal served hot and quick .	meal	neutral
I had a pretty standard breakfast platter consisting of two eggs ( any style ) , choice of meat ( bacon , of course ) , hash browns and toast .	breakfast	neutral
Everything was cooked just to my liking and the coffee kept flowing .	coffee	neutral
Best part about this place ?	place	neutral
Very reasonable for a full breakfast and drink , will definitely return when in need of a quick fill - up at breakfast time .	breakfast	neutral
Chima is one of the best steakhouses I 've ever been too .	Chima	neutral
The service is so unique and personal .	service	neutral
The servers were incredibly nice and helpful .	servers	neutral
The filet mignon wrapped in bacon is to die for .	filet mignon	neutral
Highly recommend it if you 're looking for great service and phenomenal food .	service	neutral
Highly recommend it if you 're looking for great service and phenomenal food .	food	neutral
Great restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Delicious food .	food	neutral
Good service .	service	neutral
I am recommending this place to my friends .	place	neutral
Best fresh coffee in the city .	coffee	neutral
The espresso is silky .	espresso	neutral
Bring some fresh beans home and you will be back the next week for more .	beans	neutral
The pork nachos and the wild mushroom	pork nachos	neutral
The pork nachos and the wild mushroom	wild mushroom	neutral
flat bed were delicious !	flat bed	neutral
We also enjoyed $ 5 craft cocktails ( can you say Blood Orange Bourbon Sour ! ? ) .	craft cocktails	neutral
A great happy hour experience , will be back again .	happy	neutral
It 's a cold night in the west Phoenix Valley and A hot bowl of soup sounded perfect .	bowl of soup	neutral
Quaint little spot on the south side of a Target .	spot	neutral
The street corn was amazing - so many flavors in every bite .	street corn	neutral
The guac was so creamy and delicious .	guac	neutral
I am incredibly picky about my seafood	seafood	neutral
The scallops were exactly right and the corn complemented it so nicely .	scallops	neutral
The scallops were exactly right and the corn complemented it so nicely .	corn	neutral
And do n't even get me started about the flan .	flan	neutral
While it was different from any other flan I have ever had I totally loved it .	flan	neutral
The service was also great-	service	neutral
the server made sure we were always taken care of without being too overbearing .	server	neutral
Your A - typical greek family owned style place with down home cooked meals as well as traditional greek dishes .	meals	neutral
Your A - typical greek family owned style place with down home cooked meals as well as traditional greek dishes .	greek dishes	neutral
They were very quick and friendly with the ordering and the dishes were a hit with everyone at the table .	dishes	neutral
I had a grilled chicken salad and it was served in a bowl the size of jupiter .	grilled chicken salad	neutral
This place will certainly give you that feeling .	place	neutral
My girlfriend at the Gyro plate and the meat was really good .	Gyro plate	neutral
My girlfriend at the Gyro plate and the meat was really good .	meat	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
Shout out to Nan .	Nan	neutral
The other servers were great too asking if things were good while walking by , love the teamwork .	servers	neutral
The ice tea , even with less ice seemed little watery , not bad but tasted like shaved ice a little .	ice tea	neutral
I 'd suggest to not put the shaved ice on the bottom or ask that they do n't .	shaved	neutral
Warm tofu , warm peanut dressing , mixed fresh greens , cut the tomatoes in half , thin fresh cucumber .	tofu	neutral
Warm tofu , warm peanut dressing , mixed fresh greens , cut the tomatoes in half , thin fresh cucumber .	peanut dressing	neutral
The Thai fried rice comes with choice of meat .	Thai fried rice	neutral
This was also a wonderful dish .	dish	neutral
The lime and fish sauce gave it a nice flavorful spicy kick .	lime and	neutral
The lime and fish sauce gave it a nice flavorful spicy kick .	fish sauce	neutral
Love the cucumber and tomato .	cucumber and tomato	neutral
Decor is nice inside .	Decor	neutral
Music is little loud and goofy but not to bad .	Music	neutral
With all the hype , The Cosmopolitan just feels like yet another " really really really nice " hotel on the strip .	Cosmopolitan	neutral
I am certainly impressed by The Chandelier bar .	Chandelier bar	neutral
The Cosmopolitan is " really really really nice .	The	neutral
The Cosmopolitan is " really really really nice .	Cosmopolitan	neutral
Outside of The Chandelier , I like the 3rd floor game area .	Chandelier	neutral
Outside of The Chandelier , I like the 3rd floor game area .	game area	neutral
I never would have expected that in an upscale strip hotel .	hotel	neutral
They have a pool table and some board games that you can play .	pool	neutral
Then again , that vintage Monopoly box is pretty cool .	Monopoly box	neutral
Maybe I need more time to really explore what this place has to offer .	place	neutral
Not only does Perk Avenue have awesome coffees , teas , lattes and awesome drinks they have an amazing food menu and fabulous desserts .	coffees	neutral
Not only does Perk Avenue have awesome coffees , teas , lattes and awesome drinks they have an amazing food menu and fabulous desserts .	teas	neutral
Not only does Perk Avenue have awesome coffees , teas , lattes and awesome drinks they have an amazing food menu and fabulous desserts .	lattes	neutral
Not only does Perk Avenue have awesome coffees , teas , lattes and awesome drinks they have an amazing food menu and fabulous desserts .	drinks	neutral
Not only does Perk Avenue have awesome coffees , teas , lattes and awesome drinks they have an amazing food menu and fabulous desserts .	food menu	neutral
Not only does Perk Avenue have awesome coffees , teas , lattes and awesome drinks they have an amazing food menu and fabulous desserts .	desserts	neutral
I love the atmosphere of Perk Avenue .	atmosphere	neutral
I love the atmosphere of Perk Avenue .	Perk	neutral
The high ceilings are great for claustrophobics like myself .	high ceilings	neutral
They have a variety of regular and high - top bar tables .	bar tables	neutral
Owned and operated by a local family , Lucy and her employees will make you feel like part of their family every time you come in .	employees	neutral
My favorite food items are the Birds of Paradise Wrap and their hummus and pita wedges .	Birds of Paradise Wrap	neutral
My favorite food items are the Birds of Paradise Wrap and their hummus and pita wedges .	hummus	neutral
My favorite food items are the Birds of Paradise Wrap and their hummus and pita wedges .	pita wedges	neutral
Love the food , everytime i m in the city	food	neutral
I come here for some good food and attractive waitresses	food	neutral
I come here for some good food and attractive waitresses	waitresses	neutral
I love the idea of a sushi burrito !	sushi burrito	neutral
My wife ordered the Kodiak	Kodiak	neutral
and I had the Long Beach .	Long Beach	neutral
The place is clean and the staff was friendly .	place	neutral
The place is clean and the staff was friendly .	staff	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
Very authentic Thai food !	Thai food	neutral
I love how their angel wings ( stuff chicken wings ) are baked instead of fried ! ! !	angel wings	neutral
Almost all the other Thai restaurants prepare this dish fried .	dish	neutral
So far , only Archi 's is baked and they are really good ! !	Archi 's	neutral
They always prepare the pa wen San as how I like it .	pa wen San	neutral
The soup is not loaded with sugar , so it is perfect And authentic .	soup	neutral
Really attentive staff .	staff	neutral
Fun , quirky place with plenty of drinks to choose from .	place	neutral
Fun , quirky place with plenty of drinks to choose from .	drinks	neutral
I thoroughly enjoyed the fish tacos for dinner and friends all had burgers .	fish tacos	neutral
I thoroughly enjoyed the fish tacos for dinner and friends all had burgers .	burgers	neutral
Favorite thing was the pretzel appetizers that we had to get because we were so hungry .	pretzel appetizers	neutral
Friendly service and decent prices for the quality of food we got .	service	neutral
Friendly service and decent prices for the quality of food we got .	food	neutral
Only downside was the wait .	wait	neutral
The manager Mike was extremely helpful accommodating our large party over the phone and , moreover , remembered us and helped facilitate our party when we arrived .	manager	neutral
The manager Mike was extremely helpful accommodating our large party over the phone and , moreover , remembered us and helped facilitate our party when we arrived .	Mike	neutral
Extremely friendly service and care for their customers .	service	neutral
The appetizer size is good for about two individuals and the mains are a hefty portion .	appetizer size	neutral
The appetizer size is good for about two individuals and the mains are a hefty portion .	mains	neutral
We had the steak and frites , which were great , but the appetizers of tacos and sliders were the highlight of the meal .	steak and frites	neutral
We had the steak and frites , which were great , but the appetizers of tacos and sliders were the highlight of the meal .	appetizers of tacos	neutral
We had the steak and frites , which were great , but the appetizers of tacos and sliders were the highlight of the meal .	sliders	neutral
Facility was really cool .	Facility	neutral
View was great .	View	neutral
-the golf balls stopped coming out with 7 min left on our clock .	golf	neutral
This is the place you should go to if you want to see your breakfast about 30 minutes after you 've ingested it .	place	neutral
I do n't know anyone who can properly digest the breakfast here .	breakfast	neutral
My SO had the eggs benny which he described as the " greasiest , heaviest " version of the dish he has ever had .	eggs benny	neutral
Hollandaise sauce is an art people , not a competition in calories ( altho it 's full of those too ) .	Hollandaise sauce	neutral
The food is decent , but it is far from the best option in the area .	food	neutral
I am so glad I found this wonderful restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
They have a buffet which tastes home made , and has favorites like Hummos , Dolomathes , Tzatziki , chicken kabab , soups , and more .	buffet	neutral
They have a buffet which tastes home made , and has favorites like Hummos , Dolomathes , Tzatziki , chicken kabab , soups , and more .	Hummos	neutral
They have a buffet which tastes home made , and has favorites like Hummos , Dolomathes , Tzatziki , chicken kabab , soups , and more .	chicken kabab	neutral
They have a buffet which tastes home made , and has favorites like Hummos , Dolomathes , Tzatziki , chicken kabab , soups , and more .	soups	neutral
Bathroom cleanliness is important when you 've got a tiny bladder like mine .	Bathroom	neutral
And actually , the bathroom is super chic .	bathroom	neutral
I appreciated my latte art by my barista which really matched the time and care they put into the store 's decorations .	barista	neutral
It 's really diverse from African masks to Japanese umbrellas to daisies to Seurat - inspired paintings .	Seurat	neutral
Located in what seems like the middle of nowhere is a walgreens that does n't stay open 24 hours and the pharmacy had wicked hours of operation .	pharmacy	neutral
but I would love the walgreens to be open 24 hours .	walgreens	neutral
I did ask about the funky hours and the staff told me it 's because there 's not enough doctor offices in the area and the traffic is n't enough to warrant staying open all the time .	staff	neutral
Nonetheless I like coming here because everyone is friendly and ready to accommodate excellent customer service .	customer service	neutral
As far as the food goes , let me say this :	food	neutral
The food here is way better .	food	neutral
The burritos are n't quite as big , but they taste awesome .	burritos	neutral
Go for the Rumba Burrito and you ca n't go wrong .	Rumba Burrito	neutral
Staff always seems super friendly , they tend to remember regulars .	Staff	neutral
I found the cheesecake was n't as flavourful as the downtown locations .	cheesecake	neutral
I got the red bean one , again it was just ok .	red bean	neutral
i got a gyro sandwich gyros were so long and dry all i could taste	gyro sandwich	neutral
the Tzatziki sauce was made with cucumber peels not cucumber but the peels ....	Tzatziki sauce	neutral
Sad :( ... the Lady did nt know anything about the food no knowledge at all ...	Lady	neutral
their hummus was grainy and full of cumin ...	hummus	neutral
And their falafels i will be honest with	falafels	neutral
my gums got ripped ! ! !	gums	neutral
This is a really fun place to eat .	place	neutral
The decor is fun and it 's always casual .	decor	neutral
Love the food for tex - mex .	food	neutral
Love the food for tex - mex .	tex - mex	neutral
the four types of salsa on the help yourself bar are good and it 's nice to self - regulate the quantity .	salsa	neutral
the four types of salsa on the help yourself bar are good and it 's nice to self - regulate the quantity .	help yourself bar	neutral
It 's a good place to go for almost any occasion .	place	neutral
Nice , cozy place .	place	neutral
Come around lunch , the service is more memorable .	service	neutral
Try the tampiquena plate .	tampiquena plate	neutral
We really enjoyed our dinner at Kappo sushi .	Kappo	neutral
We really enjoyed our dinner at Kappo sushi .	sushi	neutral
The red dragon roll was really fantastic .	red dragon roll	neutral
Service was outstanding .	Service	neutral
The sashimi was good but one piece of tuna was slightly frozen .	sashimi	neutral
The sashimi was good but one piece of tuna was slightly frozen .	tuna	neutral
Clean restaurant - friendly staff .	restaurant	neutral
Clean restaurant - friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Ordered the duck hash ( they were out of duck pastrami so they used duck confit ) , chilaquiles , prickly pear mimosa , and the blackberry sage cocktail .	chilaquiles	neutral
Ordered the duck hash ( they were out of duck pastrami so they used duck confit ) , chilaquiles , prickly pear mimosa , and the blackberry sage cocktail .	prickly pear mimosa	neutral
and I loved the decor , food , and service .	decor	neutral
and I loved the decor , food , and service .	food	neutral
and I loved the decor , food , and service .	service	neutral
The bloody mary bar was pretty cool with plenty of toppings .	bloody mary bar	neutral
The breakfast sandwiches seemed to lack flavor .	breakfast sandwiches	neutral
Overall , I was disappointed with the sandwiches and expected better .	sandwiches	neutral
However , I would come back for the bloody mary bar :)	bloody mary bar	neutral
The food is really yummy and they have quite a few gluten free options for me to choose from .	food	neutral
The wait is usually a little long because it 's very popular	wait	neutral
The blueberry streusel gluten free pancakes are yummy as well as the breakfast tacos in corn tortillas .	blueberry streusel gluten	neutral
The blueberry streusel gluten free pancakes are yummy as well as the breakfast tacos in corn tortillas .	breakfast tacos in corn tortillas	neutral
25 minutes went by before we even saw the waitress serving our table and then had to flag her down .	waitress	neutral
The meat on the burgers did n't taste like beef , it seemed full of fillers or breadcrumbs maybe .	meat	neutral
The meat on the burgers did n't taste like beef , it seemed full of fillers or breadcrumbs maybe .	burgers	neutral
The sweet potato fries were good .	sweet potato fries	neutral
Waitress never came back to ask if everything was okay .	Waitress	neutral
the get their drinks .	drinks	neutral
The cotton candy desert was fun that someone at our table ordered , and was good , but how can you screw up cotton candy .	cotton candy desert	neutral
The cotton candy desert was fun that someone at our table ordered , and was good , but how can you screw up cotton candy .	cotton	neutral
The waitress would bring one person a drink and literally run away from our table .	waitress	neutral
Do n't know if they were short staffed or what the problem was but a good waitress would have told us instead of just trying to avoid doing her job .	waitress	neutral
She was very apologetic , wanted to know the waitress ' name , and a few other details .	waitress	neutral
Road Kill is second to NONE ! ! ! ! !	Road	neutral
This place is the epitome of true BBQ .	place	neutral
This place is the epitome of true BBQ .	BBQ	neutral
There are no words in our vocabulary to describe the ecstasy your mouth will experience when your taste buds meet the pulled pork , tri - tips , ribs , chicken , sausages - Lord have mercy on your soul .	pulled pork	neutral
There are no words in our vocabulary to describe the ecstasy your mouth will experience when your taste buds meet the pulled pork , tri - tips , ribs , chicken , sausages - Lord have mercy on your soul .	tri - tips	neutral
There are no words in our vocabulary to describe the ecstasy your mouth will experience when your taste buds meet the pulled pork , tri - tips , ribs , chicken , sausages - Lord have mercy on your soul .	ribs	neutral
There are no words in our vocabulary to describe the ecstasy your mouth will experience when your taste buds meet the pulled pork , tri - tips , ribs , chicken , sausages - Lord have mercy on your soul .	chicken	neutral
There are no words in our vocabulary to describe the ecstasy your mouth will experience when your taste buds meet the pulled pork , tri - tips , ribs , chicken , sausages - Lord have mercy on your soul .	sausages	neutral
The bread - they need real corn bread .	bread	neutral
Have to give a shout out to my favorite wing joint of all time .	wing joint	neutral
Nothing has changed from the early 90s including the fabulous wings , curly fries , and dated decor .	wings	neutral
Nothing has changed from the early 90s including the fabulous wings , curly fries , and dated decor .	curly fries	neutral
Nothing has changed from the early 90s including the fabulous wings , curly fries , and dated decor .	decor	neutral
Super ambiance !	ambiance	neutral
C'est une place populaire donc notre	place	neutral
Manque un plat type Cabane  sucre .	Cabane	neutral
do I start , this place is unique and unusual .	place	neutral
A high end gourmet butcher where you take a walk into the meat locker to discuss curing and cuts with a personal expert .	butcher	neutral
Step out of the meat locker , and you 'll see a bar which also has a chef making sandwiches and other treats .	chef	neutral
Step out of the meat locker , and you 'll see a bar which also has a chef making sandwiches and other treats .	sandwiches	neutral
So for most people going here is a high end rare treat , not the kind of place us mere mortals eat at often .	place	neutral
The staff could have been rude , or ignore us for our honestly dirty and sweaty clothes , but we were treated with all the importance and respect as the well dressed wealth around us .	staff	neutral
The balcony had very well placed gas heaters above us and the typical pedestals kind which gave our table a surprising warmth absorbed by the heat making the cold patio perfect even in the cold of a winter 's night .	gas heaters	neutral
The balcony had very well placed gas heaters above us and the typical pedestals kind which gave our table a surprising warmth absorbed by the heat making the cold patio perfect even in the cold of a winter 's night .	patio	neutral
We had two waiters , one who never spoke to us but kept the bottled spring , and sparkling water flowing ( which is included without charge ) and wonderful bread .	waiters	neutral
We had two waiters , one who never spoke to us but kept the bottled spring , and sparkling water flowing ( which is included without charge ) and wonderful bread .	bread	neutral
He brought out the most beautiful and huge cuts of meat and described how they were aged .	meat	neutral
The meat he presented would be your actual cuts they would grill for you .	meat	neutral
Because I had a very large group with me , and I was buying for all we opted to stay away from the $ 75 dollar steaks and went for burgers , sandwiches and other items .	steaks	neutral
Because I had a very large group with me , and I was buying for all we opted to stay away from the $ 75 dollar steaks and went for burgers , sandwiches and other items .	burgers	neutral
Our waiter also brought out several things to try that we did not order and were not asked to pay for .	waiter	neutral
And yes all the food was great	food	neutral
, it 's a couple weeks later and we are still talking about it , this meal was the highlight meal of the week long trip for all of us .	meal	neutral
No matter how fun and quirky their ads were , A&W seemed to be fading away .	ads	neutral
My guess is that their recent makeover with a big push on fresh ingredients and responsible farming has had a lot to do with that .	ingredients	neutral
( Personally , the news that you can get any burger as a lettuce wrap was the deciding point for me , but not everybody is on a low - carb diet , so that probably did n't have much of an effect on the market as a whole . )	burger	neutral
It 's still not going to be my first choice , because the only remotely low - carb side dish available is coleslaw , while most fast food joints have at least side salads , if not meal salads , as options these days .	meal	neutral
Still , the lettuce wrap was pretty good .	lettuce wrap	neutral
Unfortunately they have somewhat altered the menu and some of the more innovative ( and better ) dishes are gone .	menu	neutral
Unfortunately they have somewhat altered the menu and some of the more innovative ( and better ) dishes are gone .	dishes	neutral
La Hacienda is not your typical Mexican restaurant -- the menu is very upscale , the prices are high , and the ambiance is that of fine dining .	La Hacienda	neutral
La Hacienda is not your typical Mexican restaurant -- the menu is very upscale , the prices are high , and the ambiance is that of fine dining .	menu	neutral
La Hacienda is not your typical Mexican restaurant -- the menu is very upscale , the prices are high , and the ambiance is that of fine dining .	ambiance	neutral
If you want chicken enchiladas , cheap magueritas , and chips and salsa , there are many other places you can eat .	chicken enchiladas	neutral
If you want chicken enchiladas , cheap magueritas , and chips and salsa , there are many other places you can eat .	magueritas	neutral
If you go to La Hacienda , you should be expecting a fine dining experience with Mexican - influenced food .	food	neutral
An example is the Chili Nagano appetizer , which is a spectacular rendition of a southern Mexican staple , blending the flavors of a slightly hot chili pepper with cheese , fruit , tomato , and chicken without any one being overwhelming .	Chili Nagano appetizer	neutral
An example is the Chili Nagano appetizer , which is a spectacular rendition of a southern Mexican staple , blending the flavors of a slightly hot chili pepper with cheese , fruit , tomato , and chicken without any one being overwhelming .	southern	neutral
An example is the Chili Nagano appetizer , which is a spectacular rendition of a southern Mexican staple , blending the flavors of a slightly hot chili pepper with cheese , fruit , tomato , and chicken without any one being overwhelming .	chili pepper	neutral
An example is the Chili Nagano appetizer , which is a spectacular rendition of a southern Mexican staple , blending the flavors of a slightly hot chili pepper with cheese , fruit , tomato , and chicken without any one being overwhelming .	cheese	neutral
An example is the Chili Nagano appetizer , which is a spectacular rendition of a southern Mexican staple , blending the flavors of a slightly hot chili pepper with cheese , fruit , tomato , and chicken without any one being overwhelming .	fruit	neutral
An example is the Chili Nagano appetizer , which is a spectacular rendition of a southern Mexican staple , blending the flavors of a slightly hot chili pepper with cheese , fruit , tomato , and chicken without any one being overwhelming .	chicken	neutral
Not all of the food is as good .	food	neutral
The short ribs are great , the slow roasted pork is sometimes a bit dry .	short ribs	neutral
The short ribs are great , the slow roasted pork is sometimes a bit dry .	slow roasted pork	neutral
The house marguerita is very good , but the pork belly tacos suffer from an overly - strong salsa .	house marguerita	neutral
The house marguerita is very good , but the pork belly tacos suffer from an overly - strong salsa .	pork belly tacos	neutral
The house marguerita is very good , but the pork belly tacos suffer from an overly - strong salsa .	salsa	neutral
Because even the misses are pretty good and would rate four stars on their own , but the rest of the food , the ambiance , the beautiful setting , and the top notch service make this a five star experience .	food	neutral
Because even the misses are pretty good and would rate four stars on their own , but the rest of the food , the ambiance , the beautiful setting , and the top notch service make this a five star experience .	ambiance	neutral
Because even the misses are pretty good and would rate four stars on their own , but the rest of the food , the ambiance , the beautiful setting , and the top notch service make this a five star experience .	setting	neutral
Because even the misses are pretty good and would rate four stars on their own , but the rest of the food , the ambiance , the beautiful setting , and the top notch service make this a five star experience .	service	neutral
The prices were perfect and the subs were HUGE !	subs	neutral
One thing that was a little disappointing was the potato salad .	potato salad	neutral
it tasted store bought , you guys serve these epicly awesome subs with not so epic potato salad .	subs	neutral
it tasted store bought , you guys serve these epicly awesome subs with not so epic potato salad .	potato salad	neutral
Richard who is the one of the managers went out of his way to make our experience exceptional .	Richard	neutral
Try the rotisserie chicken or the angry bird flat bread .	rotisserie chicken	neutral
Try the rotisserie chicken or the angry bird flat bread .	angry bird flat bread	neutral
The chocolate cheese cake was a wonderful conclusion to our meal .	chocolate cheese cake	neutral
I wanted to order a la carte , but the server said that actually I would get a better deal for AYCE .	server	neutral
The salmon sashimi was quite good and fresh and the green dragon roll had fresh avocado on top .	salmon sashimi	neutral
The salmon sashimi was quite good and fresh and the green dragon roll had fresh avocado on top .	green dragon roll	neutral
The tempura is good but the onion rings are more fast food like .	tempura	neutral
The tempura is good but the onion rings are more fast food like .	onion rings	neutral
Be warned that the chocolate sundae has peanuts on top	chocolate sundae	neutral
4 stars , lost one star because the tablets that you order on should be wiped clean with alcohol between patrons .	tablets	neutral
Also , the soy sauce seemed watered down , it 's not like the kind I use at home ( same type / brand ) .	soy sauce	neutral
This is my favorite mexican restaurant the food is more on the traditional mexican style .	mexican restaurant	neutral
This is my favorite mexican restaurant the food is more on the traditional mexican style .	food	neutral
They are the perfect combination of flavors and textures , cheap and excellent food .	food	neutral
I 'm extremely picky about Mexican food and this place	Mexican	neutral
I 'm extremely picky about Mexican food and this place	place	neutral
is the only one I 've ever been for real Mexican food .	Mexican food	neutral
Portion size was decent in my opinion .	Portion size	neutral
Also tried their popcorn chicken which i thought was alright .	popcorn chicken	neutral
I also really enjoy their drinks and have tried their green teas , milk teas and slushes .	drinks	neutral
I also really enjoy their drinks and have tried their green teas , milk teas and slushes .	green teas	neutral
I also really enjoy their drinks and have tried their green teas , milk teas and slushes .	milk teas	neutral
I also really enjoy their drinks and have tried their green teas , milk teas and slushes .	slushes	neutral
The prices are a bit on the pricey side but ca n't get enough of buying bubble tea from them ! !	bubble	neutral
Oh and they also have free wifi !	wifi	neutral
If you 're looking for a decent meal in the resort that wo n't destroy your bank this is a good place to go .	meal	neutral
Papaya dogs did n't look too good at all .	Papaya dogs	neutral
Anyway I paid $ 14 for the Scott aioli dog side of tots and a vanilla shale .	Scott	neutral
All great except I do wish the actual hot dog was hotter , not spicy but actually warmer .	hot dog	neutral
The shake was super thick	shake	neutral
Update , sorry I had to drop from 4 stars to 1 , I have not been feeling good since , maybe it had something to do with the actual hot dog not really being all that hot .	hot dog	neutral
Service is excellent !	Service	neutral
Everything on the menu we had was divine ...	menu	neutral
the bread service is excellent .	bread service	neutral
You must get the cheese and sundried tomato bread .	cheese	neutral
You must get the cheese and sundried tomato bread .	sundried tomato bread	neutral
For appies , the grilled cheesewith pancetta and fire roasted pepper soup is fabulous .	grilled cheesewith pancetta and fire roasted pepper soup	neutral
I had the salad which is incredibly fresh and well - done , but I would definitely get the more unique items .	salad	neutral
The mains are equally fabulous .	mains	neutral
I LOVED my short ribs - they were flavorful , fork - tender and the sides were amazing .	short ribs	neutral
I LOVED my short ribs - they were flavorful , fork - tender and the sides were amazing .	sides	neutral
Hubby 's stew was a bit spicy for me but very tasty .	stew	neutral
The only minor downside to the place is that they need a bit of work on guestimating the food quantities ...	food	neutral
The pizza was talked up by at least a couple of friends , but I 'm not seeing it .	pizza	neutral
We ordered takeout with family , and the vote was a unanimous " meh " .... crust was n't very good , everything else was simply okay .	crust	neutral
If I lived right around the corner , I might end up here just to support the locals , but I 'm definitely not making the effort to come back -- at least not for pizza .	pizza	neutral
Tried the venison spring rolls , cauliflower curry , Peking duck and some wine and drinks .	venison spring rolls	neutral
Tried the venison spring rolls , cauliflower curry , Peking duck and some wine and drinks .	cauliflower curry	neutral
Tried the venison spring rolls , cauliflower curry , Peking duck and some wine and drinks .	Peking duck	neutral
Food was all good if a bit pricey for the portions .	Food	neutral
Food was all good if a bit pricey for the portions .	portions	neutral
Not much cauliflower for $ 12 . 00 .	cauliflower	neutral
Thought that was a bit petty after paying $ 72 . 00 for the duck .	duck	neutral
Small wine list .	wine list	neutral
Some interesting cocktails .	cocktails	neutral
I 've lived in the BWV area for almost 10 years and never dared ventured into Bread & Roses ... until now !	Bread	neutral
I was always scared off by hoards of European seniors on the patio and crowding the front counters .	patio	neutral
I was always scared off by hoards of European seniors on the patio and crowding the front counters .	front	neutral
Service was quite friendly and delightful .	Service	neutral
The turkey sandwich was delish - the addition of cranberry sauce was a nice surprise !	turkey sandwich	neutral
The turkey sandwich was delish - the addition of cranberry sauce was a nice surprise !	cranberry sauce	neutral
I have been reading these mixed reviews about how you ca n't review a buffet because shit changes blah blah blah and all that crap .	buffet	neutral
This place has decent food at best .	food	neutral
The one and only thing that got rave reviews from me and my friends was the coconut ice cream .	coconut ice cream	neutral
We waited for a long while to get the crab legs and the fuckers were cold .	crab legs	neutral
We waited for a long while to get the crab legs and the fuckers were cold .	fuckers	neutral
Who the fuck serves cold fucking crab legs .	crab legs	neutral
This place is good , but find a coupon for it .	place	neutral
so I 'm the gaming is decently priced .	gaming	neutral
Our server found it on the floor under my chair at the restaurant .	server	neutral
I am grateful beyond words and believe such an unprecedented gesture reflects a sense of community and the genuine integrity of Georgie 's management and staff .	management	neutral
I am grateful beyond words and believe such an unprecedented gesture reflects a sense of community and the genuine integrity of Georgie 's management and staff .	staff	neutral
Service was not bad .	Service	neutral
Food was pretty bad .	Food	neutral
The fennel mint soup was really good .	fennel mint soup	neutral
I have mixed feelings about this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
but if I 'm being honest the food did n't live up to my expectations .	food	neutral
I ordered the Ramen Mac and cheese after looking at pictures of it .	Ramen	neutral
I was pretty much between that or the pad thai .	pad thai	neutral
Presentation wise the ramen came out just like the pictures .	ramen	neutral
Obviously this is a cheesy dish , but I guess I was n't a fan of the cheese blend nor the rice crackers they add on top .	cheese blend	neutral
Obviously this is a cheesy dish , but I guess I was n't a fan of the cheese blend nor the rice crackers they add on top .	rice	neutral
My friend on the other hand ordered the Singapore noodles and while they were pretty hot despite asking for mild I think I enjoyed her dish more than the ramen .	Singapore noodles	neutral
My friend on the other hand ordered the Singapore noodles and while they were pretty hot despite asking for mild I think I enjoyed her dish more than the ramen .	ramen	neutral
Overall the restaurant was very clean and staff was friendly and attentive , but I would not recommend to people staying outside of the Palms .	restaurant	neutral
Overall the restaurant was very clean and staff was friendly and attentive , but I would not recommend to people staying outside of the Palms .	staff	neutral
However if you are staying there I do think they offer some nice plates that are a change of pace from the buffet or food court .	plates	neutral
Shocked by the low star rating of cafe rio !	cafe rio	neutral
My friend recommended this place to me	place	neutral
I got the shredded chicken salad bowl , without pico , without beans , and white rice !	shredded chicken salad bowl	neutral
The bowl is wrapped in an amazing fresh tortilla and filled with a mouthful of goodness !	bowl	neutral
The bowl is wrapped in an amazing fresh tortilla and filled with a mouthful of goodness !	tortilla	neutral
I highly recommend this place and look forward to coming back !	place	neutral
Best savory flavor and	savory	neutral
they actually have Kai Kooah	Kai	neutral
My first experience with Hakka food was well worth the trek out to the boonies .	Hakka food	neutral
Devan R made the dish picks for our UYE group and did n't let us down .	Devan	neutral
The corn , with soy sauce and red chili as per Devan 's suggestion , was one of the highlights of the meal for me .	corn	neutral
The corn , with soy sauce and red chili as per Devan 's suggestion , was one of the highlights of the meal for me .	soy sauce	neutral
The corn , with soy sauce and red chili as per Devan 's suggestion , was one of the highlights of the meal for me .	red chili	neutral
Highlights for me were the crispy chicken , crispy beef , chili chicken , and sizzling shrimp with scallions and ginger .	crispy chicken	neutral
Highlights for me were the crispy chicken , crispy beef , chili chicken , and sizzling shrimp with scallions and ginger .	crispy beef	neutral
Highlights for me were the crispy chicken , crispy beef , chili chicken , and sizzling shrimp with scallions and ginger .	chili chicken	neutral
Highlights for me were the crispy chicken , crispy beef , chili chicken , and sizzling shrimp with scallions and ginger .	sizzling shrimp with scallions and ginger	neutral
The crispy dishes have an awesome combination of textures and flavours .	crispy dishes	neutral
I think the food could have done with some more heat in fact .	food	neutral
Pro Tip : Convince Devan R to come with you and order for the table .	Devan	neutral
Had a couple beers , the Hexx Burger was great .	Hexx Burger	neutral
Bartender was friendly .	Bartender	neutral
The bruchetta was fine but the bread could have been toasted , it was too soft and the mix soaked in too much .	bruchetta	neutral
The bruchetta was fine but the bread could have been toasted , it was too soft and the mix soaked in too much .	bread	neutral
The bruchetta was fine but the bread could have been toasted , it was too soft and the mix soaked in too much .	mix	neutral
The pasta was fine , but not spectacular .	pasta	neutral
We ordered the " italian margarita	italian margarita	neutral
The atmosphere was pretty , not a bad place to grab a quick drink , but I would n't make the trek out to phoenix for this restaurant .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere was pretty , not a bad place to grab a quick drink , but I would n't make the trek out to phoenix for this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
wait this is n't the type of restaurant for that - sorry !	restaurant	neutral
The place is rather posh .	place	neutral
Do n't expect for the waiter to offer you an ice water .	waiter	neutral
I promise , I 'll pay for the drinks .	drinks	neutral
The food has arrived and man does it look amazing .	food	neutral
The Lemon chicken on point !	Lemon chicken	neutral
Where the hell is the waiter at with my bill !	waiter	neutral
No just kidding , let 's just walk to the register and ask for a " to - go - box " and pay for this 5 star meal with a 2 star service .	meal	neutral
No just kidding , let 's just walk to the register and ask for a " to - go - box " and pay for this 5 star meal with a 2 star service .	service	neutral
This place is the TRUTH !	place	neutral
I was concerned if the breakfast spots here were as good as those in Scottsdale , where I had stayed on my first visit to this area .	breakfast	neutral
But , at 9 am on a Saturday that says a lot about the reputation of this place .	place	neutral
As always , I was conflicted about whether to go for pancakes or the omelet .	pancakes	neutral
As always , I was conflicted about whether to go for pancakes or the omelet .	omelet	neutral
So , I went with the " loaded " omelet , which loaded up on the meats ( sausage , bacon , etc ) , and I had a side of cottage cheese and a cup of coffee .	omelet	neutral
Service was FAST .	Service	neutral
The strong coffee was just what I needed as it lifted up my energy and morale which set me on a path to recovery from the night before :)	strong coffee	neutral
It was tough to find seating but I walked out to the patio and waited for a couple minutes and soon found some space .	patio	neutral
At any rate , this is a SOLID brunch choice with quality food on deck .	food	neutral
This Teriyaki Madness is perfect for your post workout meal .	Teriyaki Madness	neutral
If you 're at the gym and dreading that PWO shake , then this TMAD is perfect for you .	TMAD	neutral
Besides , whole foods is a lot better than shakes anyway .	whole foods	neutral
Trust me , whole foods will bring density to your muscles .	whole foods	neutral
Their teriyaki chicken is flavorful , but I usually opt for their chicken breast by itself , with vegetables , or with brown rice .	teriyaki chicken	neutral
The meal was filling and because we did n't have the sauce , it was plain .	meal	neutral
Have their chicken with the sauce .	chicken with	neutral
When it comes to taste and service , I still think the location off Craig Road is the best .	service	neutral
When it comes to taste and service , I still think the location off Craig Road is the best .	location	neutral
But still think that the cashiers should ask us , especially when it 's obvious that we just came from the gym .	cashiers	neutral
It is absolutely the worst management .	management	neutral
This place is totally gross is unorganized and they literally do not restock .	place	neutral
And management is just absolutely rude .	management	neutral
This place is a disaster and it 's difficult to find anything and you 're not going to get help .	place	neutral
The food and drinks are great .	food	neutral
The food and drinks are great .	drinks	neutral
Service is always fast friendly .	Service	neutral
Atmosphere is nice and relaxing .	Atmosphere	neutral
Tikka Masala , Curry Chicken , Tandoori Chicken , Pakoros , naan .	Curry	neutral
Tikka Masala , Curry Chicken , Tandoori Chicken , Pakoros , naan .	Pakoros	neutral
But last night we had a trainee server who was sweet , and then we got switched to a different server who was very rude by the name , Charm ( the irony ) .	server	neutral
But last night we had a trainee server who was sweet , and then we got switched to a different server who was very rude by the name , Charm ( the irony ) .	server	neutral
However , the food was good .	food	neutral
Go to the one on Dixie , better service & food there .	service	neutral
Go to the one on Dixie , better service & food there .	food	neutral
I had the breakfast wrap which unfortunately was a bit bland , and the fingerlling potatoes that were inside the wrap were a bit underdone ( too firm ) .	breakfast wrap	neutral
I had the breakfast wrap which unfortunately was a bit bland , and the fingerlling potatoes that were inside the wrap were a bit underdone ( too firm ) .	fingerlling potatoes	neutral
However , the saving grace was my husband 's french toast .	french toast	neutral
The serving size seemed a bit stingy for the price .	serving size	neutral
But my husband proclaimed it to be the best french toast he 's ever had .	french toast	neutral
That 's quite a compliment coming from a guy who is pretty critical of food and does n't get especially excited about food in general .	food	neutral
If my wrap had been more flavorful and fully cooked , I would n't have minded so much that we paid $ 40 for breakfast for two people ( and we did n't pig out ) .	wrap	neutral
But I think next time ( if there is a next time ) that I stay at the Biltmore , I 'll plan to drive somewhere to get a more affordable breakfast .	breakfast	neutral
Newly opened on Selwyn , this little place is a great spot for breakfast with the girls .	place	neutral
The slabs of bacon where thicker than a match book .	slabs	neutral
I had their Rover hamburger with the blue cheese was so big great flavour .	Rover hamburger	neutral
I had their Rover hamburger with the blue cheese was so big great flavour .	blue cheese	neutral
Also others ordered the fish and chips , the roti and beef pie .	fish and chips	neutral
Also others ordered the fish and chips , the roti and beef pie .	roti	neutral
We also ordered appetizer with cheese and pork pie was so delicious .	pork pie	neutral
The service was really good and the she did bring our water and drinks they way we requested .	service	neutral
It was not to busy it was early in the day and will go back soon like the food and service .	food	neutral
It was not to busy it was early in the day and will go back soon like the food and service .	service	neutral
The price for what we paid was great just loved the food .	food	neutral
The place was great !	place	neutral
Great food , AWESOME service , and for my birthday , two free appetizers , 20 % off bill	food	neutral
Great food , AWESOME service , and for my birthday , two free appetizers , 20 % off bill	service	neutral
Great food , AWESOME service , and for my birthday , two free appetizers , 20 % off bill	appetizers	neutral
Great food , AWESOME service , and for my birthday , two free appetizers , 20 % off bill	bill	neutral
Place was GREAT !	Place	neutral
Oh yeah , the wait .	wait	neutral
The benedict was good but not anything special .	benedict	neutral
The pancakes are the star of the show .	pancakes	neutral
Service was also good .	Service	neutral
Literally the best meal you will have in your life .	meal	neutral
Basically Abraham 's bosom in the Old Testament is not heaven ; it 's a metaphor for one of their cocktails in your hand and their steak in your mouth .	cocktails	neutral
Anyone on yelp who is complaining about the " doneness " of their meat is a moron because they list out the exact temperature and color for doneness selection on their menu .... AND double check with you when you order .	meat	neutral
You should come here and have the best food of your life .	food	neutral
The atmosphere was fine , standard for a grill / pub like this .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere was fine , standard for a grill / pub like this .	grill	neutral
The atmosphere was fine , standard for a grill / pub like this .	pub	neutral
My friends had sandwiches and salads which had good portions and they did tell me were good .	sandwiches	neutral
My friends had sandwiches and salads which had good portions and they did tell me were good .	salads	neutral
My friends had sandwiches and salads which had good portions and they did tell me were good .	portions	neutral
My wife had duck wings which were okay .	duck wings	neutral
I ordered the chicken and cornbread pancake which was described as a cornbread pancake with a large serving of fried boneless chicken , basically like standard chicken and waffles but with a pancake .	chicken and cornbread pancake	neutral
I ordered the chicken and cornbread pancake which was described as a cornbread pancake with a large serving of fried boneless chicken , basically like standard chicken and waffles but with a pancake .	fried boneless chicken	neutral
What I got though was a giant cornbread pancake which tasted great , but then there was 4 tiny chicken " nuggets " on top .	cornbread pancake	neutral
So basically I got a pancake with some chicken for garnish , not what one would expect when ordering a chicken and waffle / pancake dish .	chicken and waffle / pancake dish	neutral
+1 star for clean okay atmosphere , -1 for my order , -2 for no service ... still never knew who our server was supposed to be .	atmosphere	neutral
+1 star for clean okay atmosphere , -1 for my order , -2 for no service ... still never knew who our server was supposed to be .	service	neutral
+1 star for clean okay atmosphere , -1 for my order , -2 for no service ... still never knew who our server was supposed to be .	server	neutral
The drinks are kind of weird , the atmosphere is awesome and the appetizers are really good .	drinks	neutral
The drinks are kind of weird , the atmosphere is awesome and the appetizers are really good .	atmosphere	neutral
The drinks are kind of weird , the atmosphere is awesome and the appetizers are really good .	appetizers	neutral
The French dip was n't great but the ribs are good .	French dip	neutral
The French dip was n't great but the ribs are good .	ribs	neutral
The bacon Bloody Mary was too bacon - ey .	bacon Bloody Mary	neutral
The location was n't very clean and it took over 15 minutes to get my smoothie .	location	neutral
Only 3 stars because I just feel like the food is n't always super fresh .	food	neutral
The rice is very hit or miss .	rice	neutral
If you are looking to try macarons for the first time or just craving sweets , definitely check out this place !	place	neutral
The place is always clean , the ambiance is nice and the staff are so friendly .	place	neutral
The place is always clean , the ambiance is nice and the staff are so friendly .	ambiance	neutral
The place is always clean , the ambiance is nice and the staff are so friendly .	staff	neutral
My personal favorite is their salted caramel macaron .	salted caramel macaron	neutral
Popped in here for a tea and found some great looking ( and later found out , tasty ) sandwiches .	sandwiches	neutral
They have a large patio that stretches down the entire side of their building and there is always someone sitting in it , no matter what the season .	patio	neutral
Aside from the sandwiches they offer the basics of any coffee shop ; pastries , bagels , cookies , etc .	pastries	neutral
This is a great little spot for a quite hang - out or to enjoy a hot beverage in the shade .	spot	neutral
You learn about the history of the Native American cuisine of the region by a wonderful educated server .	Native American cuisine	neutral
You learn about the history of the Native American cuisine of the region by a wonderful educated server .	server	neutral
My husband and I shared a primary course of Arctic Char cooked perfectly with a seared crust and moist inside .	Arctic Char	neutral
Accompanied with native beans and corn in a wonderful sauce .	corn	neutral
Accompanied with native beans and corn in a wonderful sauce .	sauce	neutral
We then inhaled the lobster cooked three ways .	lobster	neutral
Poached in butter , as part of a salad with a vanilla vinaigrette , and as part of a flan with buttered breadcrumbs .	vanilla vinaigrette	neutral
Next was the Lamb tenderloin wrapped in pecans enhanced by a mole sauce and squash accompaniment .	Lamb tenderloin	neutral
Next was the Lamb tenderloin wrapped in pecans enhanced by a mole sauce and squash accompaniment .	mole sauce	neutral
The Buffalo tenderloin was perfection offset by a corn pur辿e and smoky mushroom flavor .	Buffalo tenderloin	neutral
The Buffalo tenderloin was perfection offset by a corn pur辿e and smoky mushroom flavor .	corn	neutral
The Buffalo tenderloin was perfection offset by a corn pur辿e and smoky mushroom flavor .	smoky mushroom flavor	neutral
Native breads were served to round out the flavors .	Native breads	neutral
My groom soup was tasty and I loved their crab cake entree !	groom soup	neutral
My groom soup was tasty and I loved their crab cake entree !	crab cake entree	neutral
If looking to fill yourself up , I would order the crab cake as a starter instead and add another entree or dish .	crab cake	neutral
Great atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Food took a while but it was worth it .	Food	neutral
The atmosphere is interesting with faux brick lining the walls as well as anime and superhero themed decor .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is interesting with faux brick lining the walls as well as anime and superhero themed decor .	decor	neutral
The biggest table seats 6 but I did see the staff configure tables to accommodate a party of 8 .	staff	neutral
The menu includes donkatsu , Korean foods like spicy rice cakes , budae jigae , kimchi fried rice , and kimchi fries .	menu	neutral
The menu includes donkatsu , Korean foods like spicy rice cakes , budae jigae , kimchi fried rice , and kimchi fries .	spicy rice cakes	neutral
The menu includes donkatsu , Korean foods like spicy rice cakes , budae jigae , kimchi fried rice , and kimchi fries .	budae jigae	neutral
Their specialty however is Korean fried chicken .	Korean fried chicken	neutral
One can order whole and half fried chicken as well as boneless chicken pieces .	boneless	neutral
Sauces include mild , spicy and very spicy .	Sauces	neutral
The chicken was crispy , juicy , sweet and sticky with a garlicky and slightly spicy kick .	chicken	neutral
It was helpful to have some rice and banchan like the pickled radish and corn cabbage slaw to cut some of the sweetness and saltiness of the chicken .	rice	neutral
It was helpful to have some rice and banchan like the pickled radish and corn cabbage slaw to cut some of the sweetness and saltiness of the chicken .	pickled radish	neutral
It was helpful to have some rice and banchan like the pickled radish and corn cabbage slaw to cut some of the sweetness and saltiness of the chicken .	corn cabbage slaw	neutral
Even though hubby and I were hungry when we came in , the order of chicken and rice with banchan was filling enough for us for dinner .	chicken	neutral
Even though hubby and I were hungry when we came in , the order of chicken and rice with banchan was filling enough for us for dinner .	rice with banchan	neutral
The food here seems pricier than other KFC places near Yonge and Finch .	food	neutral
Our order of boneless garlic soy chicken pieces cost $ 27 .	boneless garlic soy chicken	neutral
However it was a good sized portion .	portion	neutral
Something about not having to leave Markham to get decent Korean fried chicken makes the slightly inflated prices a bit easier to swallow .	Korean fried chicken	neutral
The staff here are quite friendly and readily available to fill up your tea mug .	staff	neutral
I suggest going as a group of 3 or 4 so that you can try different dishes .	dishes	neutral
I 'm looking forward to coming back with friends and family so we can try more of the menu options .	menu	neutral
They have delish pastries , brownies and cookies and well as perfect coffee .	pastries	neutral
They have delish pastries , brownies and cookies and well as perfect coffee .	brownies	neutral
They have delish pastries , brownies and cookies and well as perfect coffee .	coffee	neutral
There is a bar hightop to sit at , but other than that , it is a small to go place .	bar	neutral
There is a bar hightop to sit at , but other than that , it is a small to go place .	place	neutral
but you ca n't beat Cartel .	Cartel	neutral
The place looks like it 's been around awhile and could use some updating on the carpets and such .	place	neutral
I 've heard the fish fry is good , but have n't tried it yet .	fish fry	neutral
The restaurant interior is absolutely stunning and grand .	restaurant interior	neutral
Our server Anthony was very pleasant and friendly .	server	neutral
Our server Anthony was very pleasant and friendly .	Anthony	neutral
Food was amazing .	Food	neutral
Then some of the mains we had were eggs benedicts , smoked salmon omelette , poutine .	eggs	neutral
Not only the presentation of the dishes were beautiful , but also the taste .	presentation	neutral
Not only the presentation of the dishes were beautiful , but also the taste .	dishes	neutral
I would also like to add that the skinny fries that came with some of the dishes were some of the best fries I have ever had .	skinny fries	neutral
More importantly , there was a miscommunication with the sandwich special of the day from our server .	sandwich special	neutral
More importantly , there was a miscommunication with the sandwich special of the day from our server .	server	neutral
It 's situation like this that shows a great restaurant from an ok restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
It 's situation like this that shows a great restaurant from an ok restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Finally , I sometimes fear going into these beautiful high end restaurant that the servers sometimes have some attitude .	restaurant	neutral
Finally , I sometimes fear going into these beautiful high end restaurant that the servers sometimes have some attitude .	servers	neutral
I must say Cluny striked the perfect note with their staff -- professional yet pleasant and friendly .	staff	neutral
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone .	restaurant	neutral
This place is in my books the best that Toronto has to offer in the way of restaurants .	place	neutral
Great atmosphere in a small cozy setting , whether you 're sitting with a group of friends at the back or enjoying the company of the amazing staff up front at the bar	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere in a small cozy setting , whether you 're sitting with a group of friends at the back or enjoying the company of the amazing staff up front at the bar	setting	neutral
Great atmosphere in a small cozy setting , whether you 're sitting with a group of friends at the back or enjoying the company of the amazing staff up front at the bar	staff	neutral
Great atmosphere in a small cozy setting , whether you 're sitting with a group of friends at the back or enjoying the company of the amazing staff up front at the bar	bar	neutral
, Black Hoof is just perfection .	Black Hoof	neutral
I am slowly but surely working my way through the menu but its very hard as I find myself falling in love with everything I try and needing to revisit some of the old meals when those cravings kick in .	menu	neutral
I can say that no matter what you try you wo n't be disappointed but so far the tried , tested and true have got to be the bone marrow , the Tongue on Brioche and the Smoked sweetbreads .	bone marrow	neutral
I can say that no matter what you try you wo n't be disappointed but so far the tried , tested and true have got to be the bone marrow , the Tongue on Brioche and the Smoked sweetbreads .	Tongue on Brioche	neutral
I can say that no matter what you try you wo n't be disappointed but so far the tried , tested and true have got to be the bone marrow , the Tongue on Brioche and the Smoked sweetbreads .	Smoked sweetbreads	neutral
These three plates are ca n't miss and just writing about them is making me want to swing down for a quick bite .	plates	neutral
Sorry for that and good luck finding it , to all others Black Hoof is a must ! ! !	Black	neutral
Very low key atmosphere , more like a lounge .	atmosphere	neutral
Martini 's are great , and food was pretty good .	Martini 's	neutral
Martini 's are great , and food was pretty good .	food	neutral
Was looking forward to the music , but it was so loud we could not stay .	music	neutral
Burgers are great !	Burgers	neutral
Fries are huge ... could easily be split between two adults or three kids .	Fries	neutral
Catchup is great .. but was too spicey for the kiddos .	Catchup	neutral
More of an adult menu for sure .	menu	neutral
Just went here for the first time for lunch and got the hi - ho hummus wrap .	hi	neutral
The texture was too mushy for me	texture	neutral
I also had the espresso frappe and it was better than Starbucks .	espresso frappe	neutral
I highly recommend Barriques for their drinks .	drinks	neutral
They also have a great selection of wine and the atmosphere is great for a meeting or to get some work done .	wine	neutral
They also have a great selection of wine and the atmosphere is great for a meeting or to get some work done .	atmosphere	neutral
This place is amazing , I 'm not sure what else to say !	place	neutral
I love everything about this space except the seating .	space	neutral
I love everything about this space except the seating .	seating	neutral
However , the food makes up for it .	food	neutral
The pizzas are amazing and the cookie / ice cream dessert ... yum .	pizzas	neutral
The pizzas are amazing and the cookie / ice cream dessert ... yum .	cookie / ice cream dessert	neutral
We 've also tried the hummus and cream style corn .	hummus	neutral
We 've also tried the hummus and cream style corn .	cream style corn	neutral
... had a great time , good atmosphere drinks and food , will b back soon !	atmosphere	neutral
... had a great time , good atmosphere drinks and food , will b back soon !	drinks	neutral
... had a great time , good atmosphere drinks and food , will b back soon !	food	neutral
We saw BBQ was only 6 miles away which was great news .	BBQ	neutral
This place is really cute and clean .	place	neutral
The staff is really friendly and helpful .	staff	neutral
They do n't have a huge variety of tea but the quality of the teas are good .	tea	neutral
They do n't have a huge variety of tea but the quality of the teas are good .	teas	neutral
Of course you ca nt forget the cute bulb cups they have .	cups	neutral
Cocktails were good but a little overpriced in my opinion .	Cocktails	neutral
I considered ordering an appetizer or two but did not because the prices on the bar menu seemed unreasonable to me for a happy hour .	bar menu	neutral
Good location though with a large rooftop deck / full bar that can get crowded .	location	neutral
Good location though with a large rooftop deck / full bar that can get crowded .	rooftop deck	neutral
Good location though with a large rooftop deck / full bar that can get crowded .	full bar	neutral
Literally the best carne asada tacos in the world !	carne asada tacos	neutral
Service was good .	Service	neutral
Surprisingly , some of the simpliest dishes were the best including bacon wrapped tamatoes and mushrooms .	dishes	neutral
Surprisingly , some of the simpliest dishes were the best including bacon wrapped tamatoes and mushrooms .	tamatoes	neutral
Surprisingly , some of the simpliest dishes were the best including bacon wrapped tamatoes and mushrooms .	mushrooms	neutral
I had the poached egg with ikura and uni just to try something on the expensive side .	poached egg	neutral
I had the poached egg with ikura and uni just to try something on the expensive side .	ikura	neutral
The stars of the night was the lamb chops , kurobota pork cheeks , and agedashi tofu ... in that order .	lamb chops	neutral
The stars of the night was the lamb chops , kurobota pork cheeks , and agedashi tofu ... in that order .	kurobota pork cheeks	neutral
The stars of the night was the lamb chops , kurobota pork cheeks , and agedashi tofu ... in that order .	agedashi tofu	neutral
but I may come back next time and get nothing but lamb chops .	lamb	neutral
Five stars for awesome beer !	beer	neutral
This place has quickly become my new favorite bar in Pittsburgh ... plus it helps that I can walk home , super score .	place	neutral
Great beer selection , really nice bar tenders and a very chill clientle .	beer selection	neutral
Great beer selection , really nice bar tenders and a very chill clientle .	bar tenders	neutral
Great beer selection , really nice bar tenders and a very chill clientle .	clientle	neutral
but it 's a great place to grab a few beers and hang out .	place	neutral
To basically sum it up , if I could have only one burger for the rest of my life , it would be a Fatboy Boyger .	burger	neutral
Able and Co. know how to cook amazing grub and they know how to take care of a customer .	grub	neutral
My faves : the The Double Cheese Boyger , you can also get a triple , the Pastrami Sandwich , the Pastrami Boyger , the Monster add Pastrami , the wings , and their chicken tenders ai n't bad either .	Double Cheese Boyger	neutral
My faves : the The Double Cheese Boyger , you can also get a triple , the Pastrami Sandwich , the Pastrami Boyger , the Monster add Pastrami , the wings , and their chicken tenders ai n't bad either .	Pastrami Sandwich	neutral
My faves : the The Double Cheese Boyger , you can also get a triple , the Pastrami Sandwich , the Pastrami Boyger , the Monster add Pastrami , the wings , and their chicken tenders ai n't bad either .	Pastrami Boyger	neutral
My faves : the The Double Cheese Boyger , you can also get a triple , the Pastrami Sandwich , the Pastrami Boyger , the Monster add Pastrami , the wings , and their chicken tenders ai n't bad either .	Monster add Pastrami	neutral
My faves : the The Double Cheese Boyger , you can also get a triple , the Pastrami Sandwich , the Pastrami Boyger , the Monster add Pastrami , the wings , and their chicken tenders ai n't bad either .	wings	neutral
My faves : the The Double Cheese Boyger , you can also get a triple , the Pastrami Sandwich , the Pastrami Boyger , the Monster add Pastrami , the wings , and their chicken tenders ai n't bad either .	chicken tenders	neutral
Truth be told , I have n't had a bad meal at Fatboy .	meal	neutral
Truth be told , I have n't had a bad meal at Fatboy .	Fatboy	neutral
All the guests loved these cupcakes ( chocolate , mint , peanut butter , and pumpkin spice were big hits ) .	cupcakes	neutral
All the guests loved these cupcakes ( chocolate , mint , peanut butter , and pumpkin spice were big hits ) .	chocolate	neutral
All the guests loved these cupcakes ( chocolate , mint , peanut butter , and pumpkin spice were big hits ) .	mint	neutral
All the guests loved these cupcakes ( chocolate , mint , peanut butter , and pumpkin spice were big hits ) .	peanut butter	neutral
All the guests loved these cupcakes ( chocolate , mint , peanut butter , and pumpkin spice were big hits ) .	pumpkin spice	neutral
The icing was delicious and the cake portion nice and moist .	icing	neutral
The icing was delicious and the cake portion nice and moist .	cake portion	neutral
The display was elegant and simple .	display	neutral
What a fantastic place !	place	neutral
The service , food , margaritas , and atmosphere are truly 5 star .	service	neutral
The service , food , margaritas , and atmosphere are truly 5 star .	food	neutral
The service , food , margaritas , and atmosphere are truly 5 star .	margaritas	neutral
The service , food , margaritas , and atmosphere are truly 5 star .	atmosphere	neutral
We ordered a guac , top shelf margarita pitcher , steak fajitas , and a chimichanga .	margarita pitcher	neutral
It seems like it might be a bad idea to go to a place named " Celebrity Chef Stadium " ....	place	neutral
It seems like it might be a bad idea to go to a place named " Celebrity Chef Stadium " ....	Celebrity Chef	neutral
$ 9 for a draft beer , $ 18 for a salad	draft beer	neutral
$ 9 for a draft beer , $ 18 for a salad	salad	neutral
But what they do n't say is this : " Sir , we are going to charge you $ 75 per person for the worst beer selection this side of Applebee 's and for food that you would n't feed your dog ?	beer selection	neutral
The atmosphere is barely tolerable .	atmosphere	neutral
The food is horrendous .	food	neutral
Frozen Home Run Inn pizza kicks the life out of the miserable excuse for the pizza they serve here .	pizza	neutral
Frozen Home Run Inn pizza kicks the life out of the miserable excuse for the pizza they serve here .	pizza	neutral
The $ 8 for a bottle of beer ( not for anything good , just a run of the mill IPA ) is just stealing .	bottle of beer	neutral
The $ 8 for a bottle of beer ( not for anything good , just a run of the mill IPA ) is just stealing .	IPA	neutral
( If you want good beer on draft , look elsewhere .	beer	neutral
The one positive to Lagasse 's Stadium - our waitresses .	waitresses	neutral
Emeril should be absolutely ashamed of this establishment .	establishment	neutral
Great BBQ chicken salad and Amazon bison burger .	BBQ chicken salad	neutral
The bartenders , Kelsey and Taylor , were so attentive and friendly .	bartenders	neutral
Gumbo starter and then perch and sweet potato fries were perfect .	Gumbo starter	neutral
Gumbo starter and then perch and sweet potato fries were perfect .	perch	neutral
Gumbo starter and then perch and sweet potato fries were perfect .	sweet potato fries	neutral
Best Italian place I 've ever tried .	Italian place	neutral
For my vegetarians out there , I highly recommend the eggplant Parmesan .	eggplant Parmesan	neutral
The service is good too	service	neutral
The interior is very unique as well , it is very dim inside and has that old school Las Vegas feel to it .	interior	neutral
Nice atmosphere but food is a bit overpriced .	atmosphere	neutral
Nice atmosphere but food is a bit overpriced .	food	neutral
wings special on Wednesday is $ 1 each .	wings special	neutral
The service is friendly and ok .	service	neutral
The food is at best mediocre .	food	neutral
Orders Nachos and a large burrito - the burrito came with refried beans which was sweet and rice .	burrito	neutral
The burrito barely had any meat in in and was stuffed mainly with the same rice and beans .	burrito	neutral
Salsa is good though .	Salsa	neutral
I order the watermelon Margarita which was pleasantly not sweet .	watermelon Margarita	neutral
The hints of Pepper and and salted rim was a perfect combination .	hints of Pepper	neutral
The hints of Pepper and and salted rim was a perfect combination .	salted rim	neutral
How can you go wrong with a plate full of cheese , meat , guacamole , etc ...	plate	neutral
How can you go wrong with a plate full of cheese , meat , guacamole , etc ...	cheese	neutral
How can you go wrong with a plate full of cheese , meat , guacamole , etc ...	guacamole	neutral
Be warned the portion sizes will not leave you wanting !	portion sizes	neutral
Waitress came over quickly , similar attitude - offered drinks and tried to sell us on appetizers .	Waitress	neutral
Waitress brought the drinks and we asked for a couple more minutes to decide .	Waitress	neutral
So glad this is n't our local Denny 's - this was abysmal .	Denny	neutral
Excellent customer service .	customer service	neutral
Also the blizzard was delicious I have n't been to Dairy Queen in a very long time .	blizzard	neutral
This place was beyond perfect ! !	place	neutral
The food was so delicious ! !	food	neutral
But the food is really good ! !	food	neutral
If you want some good Mexican food come here ! !	Mexican food	neutral
Could not be more happy with dinner at this upscale BYOB restaurant in Scottsdale .	restaurant	neutral
This is a small , intimate restaurant with tremendous service .	restaurant	neutral
This is a small , intimate restaurant with tremendous service .	service	neutral
The heirloom carrot gnocchi and scallops were standout savory courses .	heirloom carrot gnocchi	neutral
The heirloom carrot gnocchi and scallops were standout savory courses .	scallops	neutral
The cheese , sweet potato doughnut and baklava made for a strong finish !	cheese ,	neutral
The cheese , sweet potato doughnut and baklava made for a strong finish !	sweet potato doughnut	neutral
The cheese , sweet potato doughnut and baklava made for a strong finish !	baklava	neutral
- Brought by the same folks that run Casa Imperial and Crown Princess , Casa Victoria is equally as garish and over the top as it 's sisters .	Casa Imperial	neutral
- Brought by the same folks that run Casa Imperial and Crown Princess , Casa Victoria is equally as garish and over the top as it 's sisters .	Casa	neutral
Packed to the rafters as it is , expect frenetic if unfriendly service .	service	neutral
The food however , is worth the drive ; in a word - fantastic !	food	neutral
Casa Victoria is further evidence that really great dimsum ca n't be found downtown .	dimsum	neutral
It 's my favorite place for AYCE , food is yummy	food	neutral
I really love the sushi here .	sushi	neutral
Drove by many times before and finally got a chance to try this place .	place	neutral
Enjoyed the hot chourico with cheddar cheese on a bun but was surprised by the total ... 12 dollars !	hot chourico	neutral
Enjoyed the hot chourico with cheddar cheese on a bun but was surprised by the total ... 12 dollars !	cheddar cheese on a	neutral
Enjoyed the hot chourico with cheddar cheese on a bun but was surprised by the total ... 12 dollars !	bun	neutral
Decor was nice and service was friendly	Decor	neutral
Decor was nice and service was friendly	service	neutral
Great food at a decent price !	food	neutral
For faster service , fax in your order so you can get in and out , because otherwise your standing in line for at least 10 minutes .	service	neutral
This was the second time I ate at the 100th Bomb group and just as It had the first time , the service was good and the food was good also .	service	neutral
This was the second time I ate at the 100th Bomb group and just as It had the first time , the service was good and the food was good also .	food	neutral
I asked to be seated in the window seat and the hostess was able to fulfill my Request , The waitress was polite and cheerful and very attentive to us , I had the cedar plank salmon and it was done very well	hostess	neutral
I asked to be seated in the window seat and the hostess was able to fulfill my Request , The waitress was polite and cheerful and very attentive to us , I had the cedar plank salmon and it was done very well	waitress	neutral
I asked to be seated in the window seat and the hostess was able to fulfill my Request , The waitress was polite and cheerful and very attentive to us , I had the cedar plank salmon and it was done very well	cedar plank salmon	neutral
the potatoes and vegetables to come with it are okay .	potatoes	neutral
The apple cake was really the best I 've ever had .	apple cake	neutral
The falafel on the other hand was n't in the same league .	falafel	neutral
Honestly some of the best tacos I 've had in Arizona or maybe the best !	tacos	neutral
When it comes to Mexican food	Mexican food	neutral
and I know what good Mexican food / tacos taste like	Mexican food	neutral
and I know what good Mexican food / tacos taste like	tacos	neutral
and I 've been in search of the perfect taco and	taco	neutral
Taco Chelo has them ! ! !	Taco Chelo	neutral
I got carne Asada , fish , and al pastor .	carne	neutral
I got carne Asada , fish , and al pastor .	fish	neutral
My BF got the chilaquiles and those were amazing too everything had great flavor !	chilaquiles	neutral
I also want to say that their bartenders are amazing too !	bartenders	neutral
I got a michelada and it was made perfect ! ! ! ! ! ! !	michelada	neutral
Definitely go here if you 're looking for great tacos and micheladas !	tacos	neutral
Definitely go here if you 're looking for great tacos and micheladas !	micheladas	neutral
First , I can not speak to the authenticity of this food - I 've never been to France and have no idea what qualifies as authentic French food .	food	neutral
First , I can not speak to the authenticity of this food - I 've never been to France and have no idea what qualifies as authentic French food .	French food	neutral
But I like the pastries at Baguette , a lot .	pastries	neutral
I 've tried probably half a dozen pastries there , ranging from a traditional croissant to pain au chocolat and others , and they were all excellent - flaky , moist , delicious , just great .	pastries	neutral
Also , although I have not been to France , the service at La Baguette is what I would imagine ' French ' service to be .	service	neutral
Also , although I have not been to France , the service at La Baguette is what I would imagine ' French ' service to be .	service	neutral
The atmosphere of the shop and staff is a bit ' bourgeois . '	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere of the shop and staff is a bit ' bourgeois . '	staff	neutral
Love the ambiance of this place .	ambiance	neutral
Love the ambiance of this place .	place	neutral
No worries , there is an awesome bar !	bar	neutral
Olivia , our bartender was great !	Olivia	neutral
She was very attentive to my requests for drinks , tweaking some of the menu items to fit my tastes .	menu	neutral
Now this is the type of service that will keep me coming back !	service	neutral
Food was good .	Food	neutral
Chips and salsa , tacos and green chili dip .	Chips	neutral
Chips and salsa , tacos and green chili dip .	salsa	neutral
Chips and salsa , tacos and green chili dip .	tacos	neutral
The green chili dip had nice big chunks of meat but lacked any real type of flavor .	green chili dip	neutral
Customer service is everything !	Customer service	neutral
I also ordered instant noodles with chicken which was extremely salty ...	instant noodles with chicken	neutral
This is by far the best Chinese food in the area ...	Chinese food	neutral
I usually go for the chicken and broccoli , and if you get it to go they 'll give you enough food for 2 or 3 meals .	chicken and broccoli	neutral
I am still on a quest to find the perfect eggroll though ...	eggroll	neutral
But this place is a breath of fresh air considering the best Chinese food we had around here was Panda Express ... and Chinese food should n't come from a fast food restaurant .	Chinese food	neutral
I loved Chopt !	Chopt	neutral
They cut everything up and mix the ingredients together which makes the salad super easy to eat , unlike some places that place large amounts of food in piles on top and expect you to do all the work .	salad	neutral
This place was refreshing for me .	place	neutral
They have a lot of options to choose from and I ended up ordering the Santa Fe Salad .	Santa Fe Salad	neutral
I got the Mexican Goddess dressing with it and it all tasted great !	Mexican Goddess dressing	neutral
The dressing was a bit spicy so keep that in mind	dressing	neutral
:) all the ingredients tasted very fresh !	ingredients	neutral
Prices here are good and the portions are really big !	portions	neutral
You would not know from the outside how beautiful the interior is .	interior	neutral
Sit at the bar or a table and prepare to have the most amazing food and drinks .	food	neutral
Sit at the bar or a table and prepare to have the most amazing food and drinks .	drinks	neutral
Service is warm and friendly .	Service	neutral
The owner is usually on hand to welcome guests .	owner	neutral
I had the chicken at Michael Mina 's my last trip to Vegas and was disappointed .	chicken	neutral
The vegetables with it were better .	vegetables	neutral
A restaurant reviewer friend suggested the fish at Le Cirque would be better	fish	neutral
The lion fish was the best fish I had on the 7-day plunge into the best seafood in the city .	lion fish	neutral
The lion fish was the best fish I had on the 7-day plunge into the best seafood in the city .	seafood	neutral
The server said it tasted smoky .	server	neutral
As in the best barbequed anything I 've ever had .	barbequed	neutral
A dark and stormy cocktail , heavy on the ginger , was the perfect accompaniment while they played Gil Scot Heron 's Living in a Bottle in the background .	dark and	neutral
A dark and stormy cocktail , heavy on the ginger , was the perfect accompaniment while they played Gil Scot Heron 's Living in a Bottle in the background .	cocktail	neutral
and it 's extraordinary service would be another reason to return ,	service	neutral
This place is so good .	place	neutral
Very creative and delicious menu ideas .	menu	neutral
I had a hard time deciding but ended up choosing the baby kale salad with a poached egg , perfectly grilled salmon , corn bread croutons and Parmesan cheese .	baby kale salad with a poached egg	neutral
I had a hard time deciding but ended up choosing the baby kale salad with a poached egg , perfectly grilled salmon , corn bread croutons and Parmesan cheese .	grilled	neutral
I had a hard time deciding but ended up choosing the baby kale salad with a poached egg , perfectly grilled salmon , corn bread croutons and Parmesan cheese .	salmon	neutral
I had a hard time deciding but ended up choosing the baby kale salad with a poached egg , perfectly grilled salmon , corn bread croutons and Parmesan cheese .	corn bread croutons	neutral
Great chicken fingers and there 75 cents a piece on Monday .	chicken fingers	neutral
The beer is great too	beer	neutral
Tasty and cheap fast food with delicious Greek options and a friendly staff .	fast food	neutral
Tasty and cheap fast food with delicious Greek options and a friendly staff .	Greek options	neutral
Tasty and cheap fast food with delicious Greek options and a friendly staff .	staff	neutral
I 've had their Gyro pita sandwich and loved it .	Gyro pita sandwich	neutral
At least get the food prep right !	food	neutral
While waiting for a Southwest flight ( like everybody else here ) , I ordered the " Arizona Burrito " which was on the small size and not adequately heated .	Arizona Burrito	neutral
I opted for the salad , which was made with mixed greens and chopped tomatoes .	salad	neutral
The salad was just OK - a little heavy on the dressing .	salad	neutral
The salad was just OK - a little heavy on the dressing .	dressing	neutral
But the biggest problem was that the Arizona Burrito did n't come with any cheese or crema .	Arizona Burrito	neutral
No Oaxaca cheese or crema Mexicana at all .	Oaxaca cheese	neutral
No Oaxaca cheese or crema Mexicana at all .	crema Mexicana	neutral
The waitress was nice and brought out some cheese and crema on the side , but it just was n't the same !	waitress	neutral
Any other restaurant would have had the manager come to the table .	manager	neutral
Another big problem has to do with the general atmosphere at this Barrio Cafe .	atmosphere	neutral
Another big problem has to do with the general atmosphere at this Barrio Cafe .	Barrio Cafe	neutral
It felt like the workers and waitstaff were not too serious about their jobs .	waitstaff	neutral
This is clearly a problem with management .	management	neutral
My food was just OK , made incorrectly , and way overpriced for what you got .	food	neutral
Yum , fun , sensory losing bathroom .	bathroom	neutral
And it 's just that , an experience , highlighted by the highly tasty abundance of rich , indulgent foods and the friendly and stylish waitstaff .	foods	neutral
And it 's just that , an experience , highlighted by the highly tasty abundance of rich , indulgent foods and the friendly and stylish waitstaff .	waitstaff	neutral
I went here with a big group and the staff was very accomodating , even to how loud our group was ... we never got a dirty look or was asked to keep it down .	staff	neutral
Our waitress was very friendly and she took the liberty of picking out our order for the basic fact that none of us had ate ethopian food before	waitress	neutral
While I thought the food was good , its probably not a cuisine I would try again ... to me	food	neutral
While I thought the food was good , its probably not a cuisine I would try again ... to me	cuisine	neutral
its one of those , you have got to try everything once things and Merkato was a great choice for my first ethiopian food experience .	Merkato	neutral
The food is good , service is great , and its very reasonably priced ... for 11 people , our bill came out to only about $ 96 . 00 !	food	neutral
The food is good , service is great , and its very reasonably priced ... for 11 people , our bill came out to only about $ 96 . 00 !	service	neutral
Love this store !	store	neutral
Gary the owner is very knowledgable and helpful .	Gary	neutral
I love all the fresh baked gluten free goods he keeps in stock too .	goods	neutral
Rat toes and fried pickles are the best thing on the menu .	Rat toes	neutral
Rat toes and fried pickles are the best thing on the menu .	fried pickles	neutral
I was disappointed in the flavor of all 3 dishes my family ordered .	dishes	neutral
I had the shrimp Creole which had little flavor , my step - son had the shrimp and catfish platter .	shrimp Creole	neutral
I had the shrimp Creole which had little flavor , my step - son had the shrimp and catfish platter .	shrimp and catfish platter	neutral
The fries were soggy and the hushpuppies were bland and my husband had the adoli sausage	fries	neutral
The fries were soggy and the hushpuppies were bland and my husband had the adoli sausage	hushpuppies	neutral
The fries were soggy and the hushpuppies were bland and my husband had the adoli sausage	adoli sausage	neutral
w/ red beans and rice which was also bland .	red beans	neutral
w/ red beans and rice which was also bland .	rice	neutral
Order the fried food because that 's the best flavor .	fried food	neutral
The staff was super friendly and really accommodating .	staff	neutral
The food is different from when it was the Palms , but I would say it 's better .	food	neutral
Though the Palms had some unique dishes , some of them were n't all that tasty or a little weird .	dishes	neutral
The buffet now is more along the lines of a Green Valley Ranch-- much more normal .	buffet	neutral
They had a huge salad bar , and the desserts were yummy .	salad bar	neutral
They had a huge salad bar , and the desserts were yummy .	desserts	neutral
I especially enjoyed the Asian food section .	Asian food section	neutral
it 's a smaller restaurant	restaurant	neutral
and the staff is great and efficient !	staff	neutral
I always order the caprese salad and the margarita pizza and they are SO GOOD !	caprese salad	neutral
I always order the caprese salad and the margarita pizza and they are SO GOOD !	margarita pizza	neutral
Also ordered the blueberry cheesecake this time and it was delicious !	blueberry cheesecake	neutral
Definitely recommend this place & I ca n't wait to go back ! ! !	place	neutral
Best happy hour and margaritas in Vegas !	happy hour	neutral
Best happy hour and margaritas in Vegas !	margaritas	neutral
Yummy breakfast too !	breakfast	neutral
Fast friendly service and very convenient located .	service	neutral
We 've lived in the Champaign area for about 6yrs now ..... and since then , I 've had a love / hate relationship with this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
This is the only place in town that serves dim sum -- and I LOVE dim sum .	dim sum	neutral
This is the only place in town that serves dim sum -- and I LOVE dim sum .	dim	neutral
The quality of dim sum has varied over the years , and at one point , I was so angry for waiting for at least 40minutes for mediocre dim sum that I did n't come back for two years .	dim sum	neutral
The quality of dim sum has varied over the years , and at one point , I was so angry for waiting for at least 40minutes for mediocre dim sum that I did n't come back for two years .	dim sum	neutral
Anyways , I was pleasantly surprised that my first dish was out in about five minutes --	dish	neutral
Then the shui mai comes out --- same thing , wow?!.	shui mai	neutral
Then the spring rolls and beef balls -- yummy , yummy ! !	spring rolls	neutral
Then the spring rolls and beef balls -- yummy , yummy ! !	beef balls	neutral
It seems that this restaurant can not serve its burgers any less done than medium - well plus .	burgers	neutral
Now , imagine that sandwiched between two pieces of bread and your favorite condiments is a patty that was tortured into submission until it became a grey , grilled hunk of amalgamated animal protein .	patty	neutral
If you 're one of those people who is willing to stomach this desecrated sandwich on account of the ' craft ' ( overpriced ) beer , you still do n't know a good burger from a solid waste treatment pond .	beer	neutral
If you 're one of those people who is willing to stomach this desecrated sandwich on account of the ' craft ' ( overpriced ) beer , you still do n't know a good burger from a solid waste treatment pond .	burger	neutral
Food was fresh , excellent , and perfectly portioned .	Food	neutral
Killer martinis prepared by a bartender that means business !	martinis	neutral
Staff was friendly , attentive , and polite .	Staff	neutral
It 's not a particularly fancy place like many of the " all show and no go " establishments found on The Strip , but it 's clean .	place	neutral
Definitely recommend this place .	place	neutral
We got the 24 wings with a large side ( voodoo , lemon pepper , and mango habanero and fries ) .	voodoo	neutral
The mango habanero was my favorite .	mango habanero	neutral
The lemon pepper flavor is also really good .	lemon pepper flavor	neutral
Voodoo was n't my favorite	Voodoo	neutral
Fries was amazing ! !	Fries	neutral
Service was really good .	Service	neutral
Having grown up making and eating dumplings in an area of China known for its dumplings and buns , I have to say that this place was very good .	dumplings	neutral
Having grown up making and eating dumplings in an area of China known for its dumplings and buns , I have to say that this place was very good .	buns	neutral
Their dumplings were made to order quickly , and the price was reasonable .	dumplings	neutral
My only complaint is that the dumpling wrapper was heavier and clunkier than I would have liked .	dumpling wrapper	neutral
I 'll bet you 've driven by this place a hundred times and thought it sure does n't look like much but they always seem busy !	place	neutral
The food is delicious !	food	neutral
The homemade quesadilla is the best !	homemade quesadilla	neutral
but if you do n't mind simple unpretentious open air ambiance , have a seat , wave off the flies and enjoy your meal .	open air	neutral
but if you do n't mind simple unpretentious open air ambiance , have a seat , wave off the flies and enjoy your meal .	ambiance	neutral
but if you do n't mind simple unpretentious open air ambiance , have a seat , wave off the flies and enjoy your meal .	meal	neutral
Reasonably priced and authentically Mexican , Jackys is worth the stop !	Jackys	neutral
The best ice cream place is town .	ice cream place	neutral
Ambience is very homey and it always smells like ice cream there .	Ambience	neutral
The grilled corn is a favorite .	grilled corn	neutral
Happy hour is a great deal .	Happy hour	neutral
Bartenders are super nice and friendly .	Bartenders	neutral
Chips and 3 salsas are awesome as are the margaritas .	Chips	neutral
Chips and 3 salsas are awesome as are the margaritas .	3 salsas	neutral
Chips and 3 salsas are awesome as are the margaritas .	margaritas	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
The chefs were chatty and the food came out fast .	chefs	neutral
The shrimp tempura was crispy and delicious .	shrimp tempura	neutral
I love that you can get sashimi on ayce ...	sashimi	neutral
amazing salmon and yellowtail .	salmon	neutral
amazing salmon and yellowtail .	yellowtail	neutral
The gyoza was light and the sauce was fantastic .	gyoza	neutral
The gyoza was light and the sauce was fantastic .	sauce	neutral
The rolls are basic but good ( and who 's really eating rolls with sashimi on the menu ! ? ! ) .	rolls	neutral
Garlic tuna was great too .	Garlic tuna	neutral
Food is usually consistent in a pod way .	Food	neutral
Service while a tad sluggish is still decent .	Service	neutral
Nice servers .	servers	neutral
Ambiance is nice as well .	Ambiance	neutral
Coffee is n't something off the charts though .	Coffee	neutral
All it comes down to is the food .	food	neutral
Good omelettes , crepes and a nice quantity of fresh fruit that 's given with your order .	omelettes	neutral
Good omelettes , crepes and a nice quantity of fresh fruit that 's given with your order .	crepes	neutral
Good omelettes , crepes and a nice quantity of fresh fruit that 's given with your order .	fruit	neutral
This has got to be " THE BEST " poke place next to Tamura 's on Waialae Ave in Honolulu !	poke	neutral
All this via the local kine owners from Hawaii bringing their fish fresh from the islands !	fish	neutral
Broke Da Mout ' poke !	poke	neutral
Check also for other store items such as Hawaii novelty merchandise , ie , bumper stickers , cookies , etc .	bumper	neutral
Did not even get to try the food !	food	neutral
Service was great , food was incredible-	Service	neutral
Service was great , food was incredible-	food	neutral
the hummus was super garlicky and delicious , and the pita was warm .	hummus	neutral
the hummus was super garlicky and delicious , and the pita was warm .	pita	neutral
Great people , great place ! !	people	neutral
Great people , great place ! !	place	neutral
When I started visiting Charlotte on business , I never expected to find great sushi .	sushi	neutral
And then I found Cyros , the best sushi	Cyros	neutral
And then I found Cyros , the best sushi	sushi	neutral
The fish is incredibly fresh , the salmon practically melts , the hamachi is superb , and their rolls are creative and inventive .	fish	neutral
The fish is incredibly fresh , the salmon practically melts , the hamachi is superb , and their rolls are creative and inventive .	salmon	neutral
The fish is incredibly fresh , the salmon practically melts , the hamachi is superb , and their rolls are creative and inventive .	hamachi	neutral
The fish is incredibly fresh , the salmon practically melts , the hamachi is superb , and their rolls are creative and inventive .	rolls	neutral
I highly recommend the hamachi jalape単o roll , a fantastic combination of crab , hamachi and avocado , and just a bit of heat from thin slices of fresh jalape単o .	hamachi jalape単o roll	neutral
I highly recommend the hamachi jalape単o roll , a fantastic combination of crab , hamachi and avocado , and just a bit of heat from thin slices of fresh jalape単o .	crab	neutral
I highly recommend the hamachi jalape単o roll , a fantastic combination of crab , hamachi and avocado , and just a bit of heat from thin slices of fresh jalape単o .	hamachi	neutral
I highly recommend the hamachi jalape単o roll , a fantastic combination of crab , hamachi and avocado , and just a bit of heat from thin slices of fresh jalape単o .	jalape単o	neutral
You can also order any of their nigiri or sashimi slightly seared .	nigiri	neutral
I used to rave about this place .	place	neutral
Then I witnessed the barista and owner ( I believe ) being rude and condescending to a customer and basically telling people how to drink their coffee .	barista	neutral
Then I witnessed the barista and owner ( I believe ) being rude and condescending to a customer and basically telling people how to drink their coffee .	owner	neutral
Or venture into Lawrenceville to Espresso A Mano for amazing coffee and a wonderful owner and staff .	coffee	neutral
Or venture into Lawrenceville to Espresso A Mano for amazing coffee and a wonderful owner and staff .	owner	neutral
Or venture into Lawrenceville to Espresso A Mano for amazing coffee and a wonderful owner and staff .	staff	neutral
Never waited this long and any better place .	place	neutral
This is a bomb burger place with big burgers and huge milkshakes .	burger place	neutral
This is a bomb burger place with big burgers and huge milkshakes .	burgers	neutral
This is a bomb burger place with big burgers and huge milkshakes .	milkshakes	neutral
You can most definitely split their burger fries and a shake .	burger fries	neutral
This place is inside one of my favorite hotels in Vegas the Cosmopolitan .	place	neutral
I also got a cookies n cream shake and it was so much I could n't even finish half of it .	cookies	neutral
This place is expensive , but it is Vegas and the portions are HUGE so come hungry or just split everything lol .	place	neutral
This place is expensive , but it is Vegas and the portions are HUGE so come hungry or just split everything lol .	portions	neutral
Have been coming here for several years and watched this establishment get worse and worse in terms of horrible customer service and questionable food quality .	customer service	neutral
Have been coming here for several years and watched this establishment get worse and worse in terms of horrible customer service and questionable food quality .	food	neutral
The waiter who took the phone order ; says " no problem " .	waiter	neutral
I re - enter the restaurant at 5:45 and the cashier says the order is not ready and it will be an additional 25 minutes as I am seeing multiple orders leave the kitchen for people who arrived after me ( less than minutes to wait ) .	cashier	neutral
After exiting a waiter approached me and apologized for the mix - up .	waiter	neutral
Stating the kitchen staff has issues .	kitchen staff	neutral
The rest of the staff acted indifferent .	staff	neutral
My burrito was excellent and they seemed glad to see me .	burrito	neutral
Visited today after awhile of not eating there and food has really gone down hill .	food	neutral
They no longer offer an adult grilled cheese which is all I enjoyed before .	grilled cheese	neutral
Menu is very limited and food left something to be desired .	Menu	neutral
Menu is very limited and food left something to be desired .	food	neutral
Service was slow and it 's very expensive for what you get .	Service	neutral
I do believe I met the rude waitress / greeter ...	waitress	neutral
I do believe I met the rude waitress / greeter ...	greeter	neutral
We were greeted by our waitress immediately with menus and she came back immediately once we sere settled to ask if we wanted a drink .	waitress	neutral
We took our time ordering the pizza and once we did it came out within 15 - 20 minutes and it was sizzling hot fresh and tasty , the crust was perfectly cooked .	pizza	neutral
We took our time ordering the pizza and once we did it came out within 15 - 20 minutes and it was sizzling hot fresh and tasty , the crust was perfectly cooked .	crust	neutral
The service was impeccable and our waitress was very attentive .	service	neutral
The service was impeccable and our waitress was very attentive .	waitress	neutral
That being said , after trying dim sum in the three big C 's of Ohio , Cleveland , Columbus , and Cincinnati , by far , Li Wah has the best tasting dim sum and the best selection , especially on Sundays .	dim	neutral
Just by looking around the room on Sunday , you can see by the masses of Asian heads , that it is a great place considering that this is Ohio .	place	neutral
Li Wah is connected to an indoor shopping center that has been renovated and the old grocery has been reconstructed into a nice new , larger grocery store with fresh bakery items .	bakery	neutral
Their dim sum items have expanded , their quality is much better , and they are faster at getting items out to customers and getting those carts around .	dim sum items	neutral
They have more cart servers who can semi - understand / speak English , which is a relief , and the waiters are more attentive than before .	waiters	neutral
The seating is a little crowded , but chairs do not end up bumping into each other , which is more than I can say for a lot of dim sum places .	seating	neutral
The noise level is just fine , not too loud and no annoying Asian music .	noise level	neutral
The noise level is just fine , not too loud and no annoying Asian music .	Asian music	neutral
They have the usual dim sum favorites : shumai , chicken feet , bao buns , egg custard , congee , what I call " footballs , " etc .	shumai	neutral
They have the usual dim sum favorites : shumai , chicken feet , bao buns , egg custard , congee , what I call " footballs , " etc .	chicken feet	neutral
They have the usual dim sum favorites : shumai , chicken feet , bao buns , egg custard , congee , what I call " footballs , " etc .	bao buns	neutral
They have the usual dim sum favorites : shumai , chicken feet , bao buns , egg custard , congee , what I call " footballs , " etc .	egg custard	neutral
They have the usual dim sum favorites : shumai , chicken feet , bao buns , egg custard , congee , what I call " footballs , " etc .	congee	neutral
I always order their chinese broccoli with oyster sauce , yum yum .	chinese broccoli with oyster sauce	neutral
They usually have four or five different types of carts which come around several times .	carts	neutral
The reason why I did not give Li Wah five stars is because sometimes the cart servers get chatty and forget to do their job .	Li Wah	neutral
The reason why I did not give Li Wah five stars is because sometimes the cart servers get chatty and forget to do their job .	cart servers	neutral
The kitchen is disorganized , the staff are rude , and all this from a place that used to be great .	kitchen	neutral
The kitchen is disorganized , the staff are rude , and all this from a place that used to be great .	staff	neutral
The kitchen is disorganized , the staff are rude , and all this from a place that used to be great .	place	neutral
HUGE selection of draft beers .	draft beers	neutral
Sandwiches full of premium deli meats .	deli meats	neutral
Very slow service 20 min to receive two scoops of the flavor of the day and a short brownie concrete mixer , seemed like the staff were all in slow gear and acted like they were not sure what to do .	service	neutral
Ice cream was very soft	Ice cream	neutral
Beautiful airport with awesome staff ! ! !	airport	neutral
Beautiful airport with awesome staff ! ! !	staff	neutral
Great shops and restaurants , and the place makes flying not too much of a hassle .	restaurants	neutral
pin up girl and chef were nice ! not crowded and pizza was rewarded on oven .. they were out of those cool pizza boxes	pin	neutral
pin up girl and chef were nice ! not crowded and pizza was rewarded on oven .. they were out of those cool pizza boxes	chef	neutral
pin up girl and chef were nice ! not crowded and pizza was rewarded on oven .. they were out of those cool pizza boxes	pizza	neutral
pin up girl and chef were nice ! not crowded and pizza was rewarded on oven .. they were out of those cool pizza boxes	pizza boxes	neutral
.. pizza slices are gigantic like literally the size of my daughters arm ..	pizza slices	neutral
Taste is mediocre though ...	Taste	neutral
The breakfast here is awesome .	breakfast	neutral
I think this is the best breakfast buffet I have ever been to in Las Vegas so far .	breakfast buffet	neutral
They have Italian Section , Asian Section , European section that has many interesting fish dishes .	fish dishes	neutral
And of course the regular , fruit , bagle , pastry and yogurt .	regular	neutral
And of course the regular , fruit , bagle , pastry and yogurt .	fruit	neutral
And of course the regular , fruit , bagle , pastry and yogurt .	bagle	neutral
And of course the regular , fruit , bagle , pastry and yogurt .	pastry	neutral
You ca n't beat the price , the selection and also the taste is quiet good .	selection	neutral
They brought us three different menus , one with the names and brief description ( most useful for those familiar with the food already ) , one with pictures , names and numbers coordinating to regular menu ( so you have a better idea of the items , and a third one with the chef 's specials .	chef	neutral
Chef 's special Seafood Hotpot ...	Chef	neutral
Probably would n't order this again , but we did enjoy the presentation of the flame and hotpot .	flame and hotpot	neutral
Service was very pleasant and attentive .	Service	neutral
The porkbelly is f*^#ing bonkers !	porkbelly	neutral
Very impressive wine list as well .	wine list	neutral
Great ramen place !	ramen place	neutral
I had the Miso Ramen , goyza , & house fried rice .	Miso Ramen	neutral
I had the Miso Ramen , goyza , & house fried rice .	goyza	neutral
I had the Miso Ramen , goyza , & house fried rice .	house fried rice	neutral
but they do make great cheesesteak sandwiches and those are hard to find in Henderson .	cheesesteak	neutral
I thought it was a little pricey until I saw the sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
So so place that is not likely to stay in business long .	place	neutral
My son 's pad thai was too sweet for my taste and needed salt , but he enjoyed it .	pad thai	neutral
My wife had a hot pot with lots of vegetables .	hot pot	neutral
The flavor of my massaman curry was excellent .	massaman curry	neutral
Eggplant was supposed to be the veggie star , however , but it only had a few .	Eggplant	neutral
There were more shrimp than eggplant pieces and way too much green pepper .	shrimp	neutral
Service was quick and our waitress was exceedingly nice .	Service	neutral
Service was quick and our waitress was exceedingly nice .	waitress	neutral
Great customer service .	customer service	neutral
Amazing espresso with the perfect flavoring and adorable pastries .	espresso	neutral
Amazing espresso with the perfect flavoring and adorable pastries .	flavoring	neutral
Amazing espresso with the perfect flavoring and adorable pastries .	pastries	neutral
I always love supporting local coffee shops .	coffee	neutral
Good was good - had the duck poutine which was good but very salty .	duck poutine	neutral
The service was lovely ; very kind .	service	neutral
The music is very loud- expect a lounge feel .	music	neutral
It is pretty pricy for the food but overall a good experience	food	neutral
I got lost trying to find this place , but ohhh once I was inside tasting the delicious pho everything was made better !	pho	neutral
It was just simple food made well , and a pretty big bowl of food at a decent price .	bowl	neutral
It is my second time to visit Fresco .	Fresco	neutral
It is very nice that the restaurant offers both restaurant week menu and moral menu .	restaurant week	neutral
The server is really nice and checked us for several times .	server	neutral
The restaurant has very beautiful view .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant has very beautiful view .	view	neutral
From my view , one special property of Fresco is the beautiful and delicate Food layout .	Food layout	neutral
However , this time the food itself kind of disappoints me comparing to the previous visiting .	food	neutral
The grilled chicken is a little dry and not juicy .	grilled chicken	neutral
The crisp salmon is better but also just an average level .	crisp salmon	neutral
The appetizers tomato soup and wedge salads are better than the main entrees .	appetizers tomato soup	neutral
The appetizers tomato soup and wedge salads are better than the main entrees .	wedge salads	neutral
The flourless chocolate cake is my favorite that night , not very sweet and milky / silky taste ( not sure it is the right description ) .	flourless chocolate cake	neutral
The plate layout is not as beautiful and delicate as before .	plate layout	neutral
I still give it 4 stars though all disadvantages I mentions before , I really love the feeling and style of this restaurant	restaurant	neutral
Pistachio & Toasted Almond are awesome ! ! !	Pistachio	neutral
Pistachio & Toasted Almond are awesome ! ! !	Toasted Almond	neutral
Long wait line but it goes pretty fast .	wait line	neutral
For the price , this place is solid .	place	neutral
The big breakfast is really good .	big breakfast	neutral
Service and speed is one thing to look into .	Service	neutral
People were friendly and the staff was nice and pleasant ! !	People	neutral
People were friendly and the staff was nice and pleasant ! !	staff	neutral
is a little more spice in the salsa ! ! !	salsa	neutral
Otherwise great place whenever your feeling the urge for good clean authentic tacos ! ! !	place	neutral
Otherwise great place whenever your feeling the urge for good clean authentic tacos ! ! !	tacos	neutral
While I enjoyed the restaurant and the service , when I compare the food to my high BBQ standards , I ca n't give it more than 3 stars ... maybe 3 . 5 for the happy hour prices .	service	neutral
While I enjoyed the restaurant and the service , when I compare the food to my high BBQ standards , I ca n't give it more than 3 stars ... maybe 3 . 5 for the happy hour prices .	food	neutral
While I enjoyed the restaurant and the service , when I compare the food to my high BBQ standards , I ca n't give it more than 3 stars ... maybe 3 . 5 for the happy hour prices .	happy	neutral
I ordered the sliders so that I could try more than one kind of meat .	sliders	neutral
I opted for the brisket , pork and chicken .	pork	neutral
I opted for the brisket , pork and chicken .	chicken	neutral
The house sauce provided at the table was just ok .	house sauce	neutral
I requested sides of their spicy sauce , and their mustard sauce .	spicy	neutral
Individually I have to say I really was impressed by the mustard sauce .	mustard sauce	neutral
The spicy was too hot for my tastes .	spicy	neutral
When I mixed a little of the house sauce , with the mustard sauce and a touch of the spicy sauce , I had something I was really enjoying to make the sliders pop .	house sauce	neutral
When I mixed a little of the house sauce , with the mustard sauce and a touch of the spicy sauce , I had something I was really enjoying to make the sliders pop .	mustard sauce	neutral
When I mixed a little of the house sauce , with the mustard sauce and a touch of the spicy sauce , I had something I was really enjoying to make the sliders pop .	spicy sauce	neutral
When I mixed a little of the house sauce , with the mustard sauce and a touch of the spicy sauce , I had something I was really enjoying to make the sliders pop .	sliders	neutral
The house coleslaw is good and the side was enough for at least 2 to share .	house coleslaw	neutral
The house coleslaw is good and the side was enough for at least 2 to share .	side	neutral
I enjoyed the topping .	topping	neutral
Left over cobbler tasted just as good in the morning for breakfast .	Left	neutral
Left over cobbler tasted just as good in the morning for breakfast .	cobbler	neutral
I do n't frequent bars all that often ( mostly because I do n't enjoy them ) but Merc is my favorite , hands down .	Merc	neutral
It 's got a cool , speakeasy , Prohibition - era vibe that is really unusual .	vibe	neutral
The cocktail menu is by far the most interesting I 've ever seen .	cocktail menu	neutral
We sat at the bar last night and were greatly entertained by the bartender and chef .	bartender	neutral
We sat at the bar last night and were greatly entertained by the bartender and chef .	chef	neutral
The bartender ( I think his name was Aaron ? )	bartender	neutral
Firs off I agree with all the negative things said about The Cosmo .	The	neutral
Firs off I agree with all the negative things said about The Cosmo .	Cosmo	neutral
For food we had the special which was ceviche de pescado and oysters for $ 15 . 00	ceviche de pescado and	neutral
which was not a bad price but the food was not good .	food	neutral
However , I love the petit fours at Barb 's !	petit fours	neutral
Treehouse is great fun for kids and adults .	Treehouse	neutral
It is super busy most of the time and the wear and tear is showing on the game equipment .	game equipment	neutral
The plasma cars are a huge draw for my son but the " track " needs a slipperier surface as it seems to be getting a bit sticky .	plasma cars	neutral
The plasma cars are a huge draw for my son but the " track " needs a slipperier surface as it seems to be getting a bit sticky .	track	neutral
There is an interesting variety of beverages and the usual selection of foods and snacks .	beverages	neutral
There is an interesting variety of beverages and the usual selection of foods and snacks .	foods	neutral
There is an interesting variety of beverages and the usual selection of foods and snacks .	snacks	neutral
The individual pizzas are quite good .	individual pizzas	neutral
I would recommend it to anyone as a fun place to visit .	place	neutral
I do n't see how anyone could find any fault with this place .	place	neutral
Try their bread if you have n't already .	bread	neutral
First off , walking up to the place you can tell that its a comfortable , casual , and energetic type of place , and to me that is perfect if you are trying to hang out and relax .	place	neutral
First off , walking up to the place you can tell that its a comfortable , casual , and energetic type of place , and to me that is perfect if you are trying to hang out and relax .	place	neutral
We got our water , and placed our order for margaritas and table side guac from our perfectly friendly server , and both were good .	margaritas	neutral
We got our water , and placed our order for margaritas and table side guac from our perfectly friendly server , and both were good .	guac	neutral
We got our water , and placed our order for margaritas and table side guac from our perfectly friendly server , and both were good .	server	neutral
I had " The one and only combination " , and my wife had the skirt steak fajitas ,	skirt steak fajitas	neutral
I ca nt say anything bad about this place .	place	neutral
People complaining about the price ( which actually is n't high ) should probably review the menu before hand , and then go to the food court next store .	menu	neutral
This is a good place to stop .	place	neutral
The Vegetarian Pho was very good ( not too salty ) .	Vegetarian Pho	neutral
BUT the Shrimp Spring Rolls were Horrible , could n't even eat them .	Shrimp Spring Rolls	neutral
The lettuce was wet old and wilted .	lettuce	neutral
There was n't just shrimp and veggies but a mystery meat also .	shrimp	neutral
Food is always consistently good and service is quick .	Food	neutral
Food is always consistently good and service is quick .	service	neutral
Good comfort food on a snowy day .	food	neutral
From street tacos to ramen noodles to snow crab legs , this place is one of the best for all you foodie peeps out there .	street tacos	neutral
From street tacos to ramen noodles to snow crab legs , this place is one of the best for all you foodie peeps out there .	ramen noodles	neutral
From street tacos to ramen noodles to snow crab legs , this place is one of the best for all you foodie peeps out there .	snow crab legs	neutral
The line is a little chaotic but what buffet line is n't , they actually accommodate by letting you sign up on a machine to send you a text to return within a time frame .	line	neutral
The line is a little chaotic but what buffet line is n't , they actually accommodate by letting you sign up on a machine to send you a text to return within a time frame .	buffet	neutral
Much over the hype of Cosmopolitan 's buffet IMO .	buffet	neutral
Desserts are bomb , one particular that stood out to me was the Thai iced tea , DANKS .	Desserts	neutral
Desserts are bomb , one particular that stood out to me was the Thai iced tea , DANKS .	Thai iced tea	neutral
They spent a lot of money inside to cave the ceiling similar to the one in Germany , the music is mostly German bands who have been contracted and play authentic German music , and the beer has been imported from Germany as well .	beer	neutral
The beer is very good , however some people judge because it is not made in house , but that would also require a brewery so it is understandable .	beer	neutral
The food also seems to be mostly imported from Germany , like specific sausages and the sauerkraut .	food	neutral
The food also seems to be mostly imported from Germany , like specific sausages and the sauerkraut .	sausages	neutral
The food also seems to be mostly imported from Germany , like specific sausages and the sauerkraut .	sauerkraut	neutral
My favorite are the Nuremberger sausages with mashed potatoes and the obatzter cheese appetizer .	Nuremberger sausages with mashed potatoes	neutral
My favorite are the Nuremberger sausages with mashed potatoes and the obatzter cheese appetizer .	obatzter cheese appetizer	neutral
Both super German and excellent dishes .	dishes	neutral
I also know a lot of people who ordered the Wurstplatte , a variety of German sausages on one plate .	Wurstplatte	neutral
As for the ambiance , think loud , group style seating , would not suggest this for a date place or quiet night out .	ambiance	neutral
As for the ambiance , think loud , group style seating , would not suggest this for a date place or quiet night out .	group	neutral
Tons of tourists come here as well , and they are usually young people wanting to drink and get spanked or old Germans trying out their known cuisine .	cuisine	neutral
Do n't go to this place for the service or food , it is all about the ambiance here .	service	neutral
Do n't go to this place for the service or food , it is all about the ambiance here .	food	neutral
Do n't go to this place for the service or food , it is all about the ambiance here .	ambiance	neutral
Sitting next to and conversing with strangers from wherever , drinking real German beer , and listening to a German band play super loud music echoing in the beer hall .	band	neutral
If you want to check it out but are afraid to sit in the big open loud hall you can always retreat to the beer garden which is enclosed in the back part of the Hofbrauhouse and is usually quieter .	beer garden	neutral
I would recommend reservations if bringing anymore then 2 - 3 people with you as night time ( especially during Oktoberfest or other holiday times ) as it can be packed with a long wait .	wait	neutral
Their tacos are greasy , crunchy , and awesome .	tacos	neutral
Their burritos huge and burritoey .	burritos	neutral
Their food superb for that late snack when you 're regretting all the booze you drank a couple hours ago .	food	neutral
A great place for a work lunch when you just want something greasy and cheesy that is n't a burger , especially on $ 1 . 29 chicken taco Wednesdays .	place	neutral
A great place for a work lunch when you just want something greasy and cheesy that is n't a burger , especially on $ 1 . 29 chicken taco Wednesdays .	chicken taco	neutral
The staff is awesome .	staff	neutral
Their red sauce is fire , to an almost literal extent .	red sauce	neutral
Other locations have very timid , almost tomatoey red sauce .	red sauce	neutral
Their red sauce takes no prisoners and will make you it 's bitch if you have too much .	red sauce	neutral
I 'm no stranger to the wonders of capscacin .	capscacin	neutral
The place is well maintained and they keep good tabs on the sauce / lime / carrot & jalapeno cart .	place	neutral
The place is well maintained and they keep good tabs on the sauce / lime / carrot & jalapeno cart .	sauce / lime / carrot & jalapeno cart	neutral
Those $ 1 . 29 chicken tacos .	chicken tacos	neutral
No green onions on the condiment cart .	condiment cart	neutral
Parking is atrocious there .	Parking	neutral
This place is open for pick - up .	place	neutral
So first , phone lady was super attentive , i 'm half cut , but she had all the patience in the world .	phone lady	neutral
Ordered the hot and sour seafood soup , OMG , like bomb , super tasty !	hot and sour seafood soup	neutral
I like tofu and accoutrements , but really nice to actually get seafood , hot , spicy , sour and loads of flavour .	seafood	neutral
Chili chicken is also a straight delight !	Chili chicken	neutral
I 'm new to the hood , but if you are in these parts , please check this place out .	place	neutral
One other thing , the portions are crazy big , so there is lots of bang for your buck .	portions	neutral
i stop in for dinner one night and it was the best food	food	neutral
Nothing to knock your socks off , but always a reliable eat when you need a quick Japanese fix for cheap .	eat	neutral
Terrific place for a business lunch .	place	neutral
I tried the salmon BLT .	salmon BLT	neutral
Very solid dish .	dish	neutral
The fish was exceptional and very filling .	fish	neutral
The wait staff was a little slow , but given that the weather was great and we were sitting outside , I think they might have just been a little overwhelmed .	wait staff	neutral
Overall a very relaxing , delicious meal .	meal	neutral
I would recommend Veranda to anyone who does n't mind spending $ 25 on a quality meal .	meal	neutral
This is n't your normal steakhouse , but neither is a local diner .	steakhouse	neutral
This is n't your normal steakhouse , but neither is a local diner .	diner	neutral
Come here for a nice brunch in a secluded pool atmosphere .	pool atmosphere	neutral
You can get 20 ounce draft beer for $ 2 . 50 ! ! !	draft beer	neutral
I enjoyed a couple of their IPA beers which were really good .	IPA beers	neutral
After a few beers , stop by their small pizza place for a huge slice .	pizza place	neutral
They did have a packed restaurant which offered food at a good price .	restaurant	neutral
They did have a packed restaurant which offered food at a good price .	food	neutral
I only had the hummus plate when I ate there , but the Muhammara was so excellent that if it 's indicative of the food quality , they might well deserve 5 stars .	Muhammara	neutral
The trouble comes in with the service .	service	neutral
When I successfully dined there , we sat at the bar on a weeknight , and though it was n't crowded , the bartender did n't engage in smalltalk and was relatively curt .	bartender	neutral
There 's also the problem of the lack of hostess stand ( and potentially lack of hostess ? ) .	hostess stand	neutral
We tried to return on a Friday night , and stood behind other patrons waiting to even get their name on a list for a good 5 - 10 minutes before a server even noticed there were people waiting .	server	neutral
On busy nights , this leads to clumped chaos , which means I will only be coming back for weeknights ( the promising food makes up for the strange service ) .	food	neutral
On busy nights , this leads to clumped chaos , which means I will only be coming back for weeknights ( the promising food makes up for the strange service ) .	service	neutral
If you do n't mind crowds / clustering around a fully seated bar , then I highly recommend it !	bar	neutral
I ca n't believe that people like this tasteless fast food BBQ !	fast	neutral
I ca n't believe that people like this tasteless fast food BBQ !	BBQ	neutral
Sausage is extremely dry and horrible .	Sausage	neutral
Brisket needs to be drowned in BBQ sauce and was very chewy .	Brisket	neutral
If people say this is the best BBQ what are you comparing it to - the pulled pork at McDonalds ?	BBQ	neutral
I challenge you to look elsewhere to get your BBQ fix .	BBQ	neutral
Take all of the good parts of a turn - of - the - century soda shoppe , the soda fountain drinks , the homemade ice creams and toppings , the long marble bar the iron seats , the meticulously dressed jerks and plop them square in the middle of one of Cleveland 's burgeoning arts districts , and you 've got a sugar and cream fueled recipe for success .	soda shoppe	neutral
Take all of the good parts of a turn - of - the - century soda shoppe , the soda fountain drinks , the homemade ice creams and toppings , the long marble bar the iron seats , the meticulously dressed jerks and plop them square in the middle of one of Cleveland 's burgeoning arts districts , and you 've got a sugar and cream fueled recipe for success .	soda fountain drinks	neutral
Take all of the good parts of a turn - of - the - century soda shoppe , the soda fountain drinks , the homemade ice creams and toppings , the long marble bar the iron seats , the meticulously dressed jerks and plop them square in the middle of one of Cleveland 's burgeoning arts districts , and you 've got a sugar and cream fueled recipe for success .	homemade ice creams	neutral
Take all of the good parts of a turn - of - the - century soda shoppe , the soda fountain drinks , the homemade ice creams and toppings , the long marble bar the iron seats , the meticulously dressed jerks and plop them square in the middle of one of Cleveland 's burgeoning arts districts , and you 've got a sugar and cream fueled recipe for success .	toppings	neutral
Take all of the good parts of a turn - of - the - century soda shoppe , the soda fountain drinks , the homemade ice creams and toppings , the long marble bar the iron seats , the meticulously dressed jerks and plop them square in the middle of one of Cleveland 's burgeoning arts districts , and you 've got a sugar and cream fueled recipe for success .	iron seats	neutral
Take all of the good parts of a turn - of - the - century soda shoppe , the soda fountain drinks , the homemade ice creams and toppings , the long marble bar the iron seats , the meticulously dressed jerks and plop them square in the middle of one of Cleveland 's burgeoning arts districts , and you 've got a sugar and cream fueled recipe for success .	jerks	neutral
As soon as you walk into the place you feel like you 've just gone back about a hundred years .	place	neutral
The selection of delectable desserts available at Sweet Moses is mind boggling .	desserts	neutral
Sure , they 've got your standard sundaes and shakes , all ingredients made fresh in house ( including their chocolate syrup and caramel sauce ) , but they 've also got things like barrel floats , phosphates and malts .	sundaes	neutral
Sure , they 've got your standard sundaes and shakes , all ingredients made fresh in house ( including their chocolate syrup and caramel sauce ) , but they 've also got things like barrel floats , phosphates and malts .	shakes	neutral
Sure , they 've got your standard sundaes and shakes , all ingredients made fresh in house ( including their chocolate syrup and caramel sauce ) , but they 've also got things like barrel floats , phosphates and malts .	chocolate syrup	neutral
Sure , they 've got your standard sundaes and shakes , all ingredients made fresh in house ( including their chocolate syrup and caramel sauce ) , but they 've also got things like barrel floats , phosphates and malts .	barrel	neutral
During our visit we opted for the Gordon Square sundae .	Gordon	neutral
This magnificent mound of mayhem consists of a homemade brownie , bananas Foster ice cream , warm caramel , hot fudge , whipped cream and a cherry .	homemade brownie	neutral
This magnificent mound of mayhem consists of a homemade brownie , bananas Foster ice cream , warm caramel , hot fudge , whipped cream and a cherry .	bananas	neutral
All I can say about this dessert is wow .	dessert	neutral
Smooth , super creamy ice cream starting to melt over the warm dark chocolate brownie	ice	neutral
Smooth , super creamy ice cream starting to melt over the warm dark chocolate brownie	dark chocolate brownie	neutral
Sweet Moses is definitely part of what I 'd consider to be the super premium	Sweet Moses	neutral
sweets scene with sundaes and fountain drinks ranging in price from $ 5 to $ 7 .	sundaes	neutral
sweets scene with sundaes and fountain drinks ranging in price from $ 5 to $ 7 .	fountain drinks	neutral
but I also think you 're paying for much more than just the ice cream .	ice cream	neutral
Sweet Moses is an experience , an anachronistic anomaly awash in a sea of sameness .	Sweet Moses	neutral
There are plenty of places to get cheap ice cream filled with air and artificial flavors .	ice	neutral
The place felt spacious with it 's high ceilings and lovely modern interior as well as a wonderfully polite staff .	ceilings	neutral
The place felt spacious with it 's high ceilings and lovely modern interior as well as a wonderfully polite staff .	interior	neutral
The place felt spacious with it 's high ceilings and lovely modern interior as well as a wonderfully polite staff .	staff	neutral
The Nakano Ume plum wine is BOMB .	Nakano Ume plum wine	neutral
Starter : Aburi Sashimi Selection	Aburi	neutral
It was yummy , but I preferred the sushi that came with the sushi selection .	sushi	neutral
In comparison I also enjoyed the Aburi at Ja Bistro better .	Aburi	neutral
Miku Signature Sushi Selection	Sushi	neutral
The platter had a selection of both classic pieces as well as a couple different takes on sushi .	platter	neutral
The platter had a selection of both classic pieces as well as a couple different takes on sushi .	sushi	neutral
The most memorable was an aburi spicy salmon with jalapeno on top and salmon inside the rice as well .	aburi	neutral
The most memorable was an aburi spicy salmon with jalapeno on top and salmon inside the rice as well .	spicy salmon	neutral
The pork belly is fatty , flavourful , tender , and roasted to perfection .	pork belly	neutral
It 's also important to note that sweatbreads are , in fact , not breads at all but pork pancreas .	sweatbreads	neutral
This is not a place to trek to , however , it is a solid restaurant of the area .	place	neutral
This is not a place to trek to , however , it is a solid restaurant of the area .	restaurant	neutral
The food is good , though the portions are a bit larger than expected .	food	neutral
The food is good , though the portions are a bit larger than expected .	portions	neutral
The sangria was strong enough ( that is something that is often watered down ) .	sangria	neutral
The ambiance is dark / romantic , and on a warm day , the open atmosphere is quite nice .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance is dark / romantic , and on a warm day , the open atmosphere is quite nice .	open atmosphere	neutral
I ca n't believe I am waiting 15 minutes for two chicken street tacos ?	chicken street tacos	neutral
I pray the food is worth the wait .	food	neutral
Good place , run by people who care about service and food quality .	place	neutral
Good place , run by people who care about service and food quality .	service	neutral
Good place , run by people who care about service and food quality .	food	neutral
Great atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
I recommend this restaurant for lunch , and specifically the Grilled Street Corn : skewered corn , butter , chila paprika , aji rocoto , cilantro & cotija ; and the pulled pork sliders .	Grilled Street Corn	neutral
I recommend this restaurant for lunch , and specifically the Grilled Street Corn : skewered corn , butter , chila paprika , aji rocoto , cilantro & cotija ; and the pulled pork sliders .	aji	neutral
I recommend this restaurant for lunch , and specifically the Grilled Street Corn : skewered corn , butter , chila paprika , aji rocoto , cilantro & cotija ; and the pulled pork sliders .	cilantro & cotija	neutral
I recommend this restaurant for lunch , and specifically the Grilled Street Corn : skewered corn , butter , chila paprika , aji rocoto , cilantro & cotija ; and the pulled pork sliders .	pulled pork sliders	neutral
I always get the carne asada burrito here when I am nearby .	carne	neutral
You ca n't beat the price to food ratio .	food	neutral
The chips and several variety of salsa are great while you wait for your order .	chips	neutral
The chips and several variety of salsa are great while you wait for your order .	salsa	neutral
Monks is a decent place to stop in for a burger and a beer or to watch a sports event with some friends .	Monks	neutral
Service was good , food was decent , and they have a good number of TVs .	Service	neutral
Service was good , food was decent , and they have a good number of TVs .	food	neutral
Yelp did not disappoint .	Yelp	neutral
My husband ordered the Pub Burger which he enjoyed fully .	Pub Burger	neutral
Italian sandwich on a lightly grilled roll .	roll	neutral
Food was fresh and generous portions .	Food	neutral
Food was fresh and generous portions .	portions	neutral
Cool environment and great service .	environment	neutral
Cool environment and great service .	service	neutral
Poor service , poor food quality for outrageous price , homeless people out front begging for money .	service	neutral
Poor service , poor food quality for outrageous price , homeless people out front begging for money .	food	neutral
The staff , a bunch of teens that would rather text than work , Lean on the the food areas , touch their face then food ....	food	neutral
With the handful of employees , you would think it 's fast service ...... not at all .	service	neutral
Drive thru- awful ,	Drive thru-	neutral
Such hidden gem this place is !	place	neutral
Not only was all of our food freshly made and delicious , but every single one of the employees was very kind .	food	neutral
Not only was all of our food freshly made and delicious , but every single one of the employees was very kind .	employees	neutral
We are glad we came across this place , we will defiantly be coming back .	place	neutral
16th Street Sports Bar should be a great place to have a drink .	16th	neutral
16th Street Sports Bar should be a great place to have a drink .	Sports Bar	neutral
They have everything you would want in a sports bar : shuffle board , darts , pool , lots of TVs , and a little patio .	pool	neutral
They have everything you would want in a sports bar : shuffle board , darts , pool , lots of TVs , and a little patio .	patio	neutral
Unfortunately , I have experienced terrible service there twice , and will not go back !	service	neutral
Our first bad experience was during a Suns playoff game , and I think the waitress was new .	waitress	neutral
The manager comped some of our food after we complained , and I appreciated that , so I gave them another chance .	manager	neutral
After a while the waitress came over and told us that it was last call .	waitress	neutral
Ten minutes later the bartender ( obviously the woman in charge ) came in and told us we had 5 minutes to finish a nearly full pitcher .	bartender	neutral
The bartender obviously just wanted to get home and could n't be bothered to let us , the customers , finish the beer we had paid for .	bartender	neutral
She was pushy , and rude , and did n't care about the service she was providing .	service	neutral
We had the breakfast pocket and burrito and both were fantastic .	breakfast pocket	neutral
We had the breakfast pocket and burrito and both were fantastic .	burrito	neutral
Those dill and Dijon potatoes everyone was raving about was worth all the hype .	dill and Dijon potatoes	neutral
Extremely friendly staff and service was prompt which is nice when your waiting for your first meal of the day .	staff	neutral
Extremely friendly staff and service was prompt which is nice when your waiting for your first meal of the day .	service	neutral
Ca n't wait til summer to enjoy their brunch on tha patio .	patio	neutral
Black bean soup .... love !	Black bean soup	neutral
The service was top notch and prompt .	service	neutral
The decor and music was great .	decor	neutral
The decor and music was great .	music	neutral
It was my first time at Barroco and I will be going back for more !	Barroco	neutral
My first visit to 111 Bistro was awhile back .	111	neutral
As we were fairly early in the day I did n't partake of any adult beverages - they 've got a nice little draught list btw - their menu was loaded with memorable dishes .	draught list	neutral
As we were fairly early in the day I did n't partake of any adult beverages - they 've got a nice little draught list btw - their menu was loaded with memorable dishes .	menu	neutral
As we were fairly early in the day I did n't partake of any adult beverages - they 've got a nice little draught list btw - their menu was loaded with memorable dishes .	dishes	neutral
There 's definitely a trend of fancy little eateries popping up in places like this	eateries	neutral
The space is quite large and very open and well - lit .	space	neutral
There 's a sizeable bar with 16 taps of mostly regional craft brews .	bar	neutral
Toward the back is the little open kitchen where the magic happens and around the corner and to the right is a much larger dining area .	open kitchen	neutral
Toward the back is the little open kitchen where the magic happens and around the corner and to the right is a much larger dining area .	dining area	neutral
The decor is right out of the bistro handbook - exposed brick and ductwork , wood paneling , oversized wooden utensils on the wall , deep red / black color scheme .	decor	neutral
The service on both of our visits was very good .	service	neutral
Our servers were clearly both well - versed in the menu selections as well as the beers on tap .	servers	neutral
Our servers were clearly both well - versed in the menu selections as well as the beers on tap .	menu	neutral
For me , I like a server that 's able to be both present and invisible at the same time .	server	neutral
Want a $ 5 burger ?	burger	neutral
Breakfast Flatbread - Simply delicious .	Breakfast Flatbread	neutral
A crispy flatbread topped with scrambled eggs , bacon , Yukon Gold potato hash , gouda , a drizzle of buttermilk bleu ranch & a sprinkling of chives .	scrambled eggs	neutral
Duck Bratwurst Scotch Egg - A different take on the classic .	Duck Bratwurst Scotch Egg	neutral
The pickled onions and mustard a nice accompaniment .	pickled onions and mustard	neutral
Breakfast Sandwich - A super - soft everything bagel around some house - cured smoked bacon , a perfectly cooked fried & folded egg , a slice of smoked Gouda cheese and arugula .	Breakfast	neutral
Breakfast Sandwich - A super - soft everything bagel around some house - cured smoked bacon , a perfectly cooked fried & folded egg , a slice of smoked Gouda cheese and arugula .	smoked bacon	neutral
Breakfast Sandwich - A super - soft everything bagel around some house - cured smoked bacon , a perfectly cooked fried & folded egg , a slice of smoked Gouda cheese and arugula .	egg	neutral
Squash & Apple Soup -	Squash & Apple Soup	neutral
Nice roasted squash & apple flavor and the crunch of the pepitas was a nice touch .	roasted squash	neutral
Nice roasted squash & apple flavor and the crunch of the pepitas was a nice touch .	pepitas	neutral
I wanted a bowl of those pork cheeks .	pork	neutral
Greens Salad - A tasty little number with fresh greens , dried cranberries , celery , pepitas , grilled cauliflower , pear ginger vinaigrette .	Greens Salad	neutral
Greens Salad - A tasty little number with fresh greens , dried cranberries , celery , pepitas , grilled cauliflower , pear ginger vinaigrette .	greens	neutral
Greens Salad - A tasty little number with fresh greens , dried cranberries , celery , pepitas , grilled cauliflower , pear ginger vinaigrette .	pepitas	neutral
Greens Salad - A tasty little number with fresh greens , dried cranberries , celery , pepitas , grilled cauliflower , pear ginger vinaigrette .	grilled cauliflower	neutral
Greens Salad - A tasty little number with fresh greens , dried cranberries , celery , pepitas , grilled cauliflower , pear ginger vinaigrette .	pear ginger vinaigrette	neutral
I could have done without the rubbery , undercooked cauliflower and there 's just something about celery that 's so overpowering in a salad .	cauliflower	neutral
I could have done without the rubbery , undercooked cauliflower and there 's just something about celery that 's so overpowering in a salad .	celery	neutral
I could have done without the rubbery , undercooked cauliflower and there 's just something about celery that 's so overpowering in a salad .	salad	neutral
Caesar Salad - A solid take on the classic .	Caesar Salad	neutral
The Parmesan tuile was a crunch little tidbit .	Parmesan tuile	neutral
Smoked Bison Meatloaf - Nice flavor - the hint of smokiness was delightful - but just did n't live up to me expectations .	Smoked Bison Meatloaf	neutral
Smoked Bison Meatloaf - Nice flavor - the hint of smokiness was delightful - but just did n't live up to me expectations .	hint of smokiness	neutral
The whole baby carrots were cooked well , fork tender , but I thought the meatloaf had a strange texture .	whole baby carrots	neutral
The whole baby carrots were cooked well , fork tender , but I thought the meatloaf had a strange texture .	meatloaf	neutral
The cauliflower au gratin was a pleasant surprise .	cauliflower au gratin	neutral
Like a slightly healthier mac and cheese .	mac and cheese	neutral
72-Hour Short Rib - The meat was ridiculously tender and the flavor was rich , unctuous and meaty .	Short Rib	neutral
72-Hour Short Rib - The meat was ridiculously tender and the flavor was rich , unctuous and meaty .	meat	neutral
The Zinfandel - sous vide added a depth of flavor I 've not had in other short rib dishes .	Zinfandel - sous vide	neutral
The mustard spaetzel was a bit dry and over - cooked and	mustard spaetzel	neutral
the roasted root vegetables coverd in red wine reduction looked like a crime scene .	roasted root vegetables	neutral
Caramel Cheesecake - Rich , velvety , cheesecake so dense it had to be a Trump supporter topped with caramel sauce and served with a dollop of house - made vanilla bean whipped cream and a crunchy bit of peanut brittle .	vanilla bean whipped cream	neutral
There 's a special place in my heart for places like 111 Bistro .	111 Bistro	neutral
Small , family - owned , local , purveyors of dishes made with love , attention to detail and fresh ingredients .	dishes	neutral
Small , family - owned , local , purveyors of dishes made with love , attention to detail and fresh ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
Sure , you 'll drop a C - note on dinner , but no one ever laid on their deathbed rattling out the words , " If only I 'd gone to more cheap , shitty restaurants .	restaurants	neutral
I 'm sure this wo n't be the AoF fiasco -- she 'll be working with the new owners , but still , it was her creativity that made the place .	AoF	neutral
I look forward to venturing out to where Desy casts her cream and milk magic .	Desy	neutral
My highlight , I got to try the coffee - cake with caramel .	coffee - cake with caramel	neutral
She does n't seem to do as many of the exotic savory flavors as she once did ( steak and eggs , for example ) , and some flavors seem to make more regular appearances ( green tea or ube , for example ) .	steak and eggs	neutral
The green tea does work brilliantly .	green tea	neutral
The green tea and Oreo is one of my favorite flavors she 's ever done , and on this trip I got to try the green tea and Kit Kat which also worked marvelously .	green tea and Oreo	neutral
The green tea and Oreo is one of my favorite flavors she 's ever done , and on this trip I got to try the green tea and Kit Kat which also worked marvelously .	green tea and Kit Kat	neutral
My friend believes that the consistency has improved since our last visit , with a smoother and creamier texture ( this friend has declared the gelato to be perfection ) .	gelato	neutral
In any case , it 's still the best gelato or ice cream	gelato	neutral
In any case , it 's still the best gelato or ice cream	ice cream	neutral
This is handcrafted gelato , it does n't come in a giant 5-gallon containers dropped off by a truck .	gelato	neutral
Very spacious and comfortable dining room .	dining room	neutral
The soup here is some of the best in town .	soup	neutral
The only reason to really go here is for the patio .	patio	neutral
I assume this is why it 's the most sought after restaurant on the Danforth , it is always packed .	restaurant	neutral
The food is 2 - 3 star at best .	food	neutral
It 's a good place to take picky eaters or people who are afraid of " ethnic " food .	place	neutral
It 's a good place to take picky eaters or people who are afraid of " ethnic " food .	food	neutral
Astoria only has the most boring " safe " Greek food on the menu ( souvlaki , anyone ? )	Greek food	neutral
I heard this place was cheaper than most , but I was horrified to see they are charging the same , if not more , as places like Omonia , Ouzeri and Pan on the Danforth that have truly delicious authentic food .	food	neutral
The souvlaki meals ranged from $ 13-$20 depending on meat ( pork / chicken = $ , lamb / beef = $ $ ) .	souvlaki meals	neutral
The souvlaki meals ranged from $ 13-$20 depending on meat ( pork / chicken = $ , lamb / beef = $ $ ) .	pork	neutral
The souvlaki meals ranged from $ 13-$20 depending on meat ( pork / chicken = $ , lamb / beef = $ $ ) .	chicken	neutral
The souvlaki meals ranged from $ 13-$20 depending on meat ( pork / chicken = $ , lamb / beef = $ $ ) .	lamb	neutral
The souvlaki meals ranged from $ 13-$20 depending on meat ( pork / chicken = $ , lamb / beef = $ $ ) .	beef	neutral
My pork souvlaki was adequate but super plain .	pork souvlaki	neutral
The salads here came out with some really sad looking lettuce .	salads	neutral
My guess is the salads are pre - made during the day and the lettuce has lots of time to wilt before hitting someone 's dinner table .	salads	neutral
The service here is fast and efficient but the servers are quite like robots .	service	neutral
The service here is fast and efficient but the servers are quite like robots .	servers	neutral
We got up to leave and pay at the front , yet our waiter quite rudely yelled us down in front of other patrons .	waiter	neutral
I 've had lots of poutine in lots of places - Smoke 's is about average .	Smoke	neutral
While their selection of ingredients is impressive , the " traditional " (	ingredients	neutral
i. e. plain ) poutine can not stand on its own and compete with Quebec - style poutine and its squeaky cheese curds .	cheese curds	neutral
Still a great place to hit after a night of serious clubbing .	place	neutral
I love the pad thai .	pad thai	neutral
I really like eating at Ha Long bay for more than just the food .	food	neutral
It 's just a nice place - the interior is nice , the staff is nice .	place	neutral
It 's just a nice place - the interior is nice , the staff is nice .	interior	neutral
It 's just a nice place - the interior is nice , the staff is nice .	staff	neutral
Cool atmosphere with a live DJ , at least on Friday nights !	atmosphere	neutral
Cool atmosphere with a live DJ , at least on Friday nights !	DJ	neutral
Music selection was solid and not overwhelming .	Music selection	neutral
We sampled a few cocktails , all of which were well done .	cocktails	neutral
Freah / tasty food .	food	neutral
Excellent service .	service	neutral
I had a burger w fries - along with drinks .	burger	neutral
Very interesting / laid back crowd for individuals aging 19 - 35 .	crowd	neutral
The food here was pretty decent other than their complimentary bread service -the bread was rock hard , not warm , and just hard to digest .	food	neutral
The food here was pretty decent other than their complimentary bread service -the bread was rock hard , not warm , and just hard to digest .	bread service	neutral
The service was pretty bad here .	service	neutral
We never saw our server but rather he was at other tables that were n't even in his section chatting them up .	server	neutral
Definitely not going back to this location .	location	neutral
The one on Yonge and Eglinton is better in terms of service and food quality .	service	neutral
The one on Yonge and Eglinton is better in terms of service and food quality .	food	neutral
Such a great dinner .	dinner	neutral
My boyfriend and I prefer to order several small dishes so that we can share and try lots of tastes .	dishes	neutral
We sit and the hostess hangs my purse on a handy hook below the bar top .	hostess	neutral
Our waiter crafts our dinner around what we like and asks about our favorite flavors .	waiter	neutral
Every dish was gorgeous especially the uni , carbonara , and snapper sashimi .	dish	neutral
Every dish was gorgeous especially the uni , carbonara , and snapper sashimi .	uni	neutral
Every dish was gorgeous especially the uni , carbonara , and snapper sashimi .	carbonara	neutral
Every dish was gorgeous especially the uni , carbonara , and snapper sashimi .	snapper sashimi	neutral
This place is much more than a dinner , it 's an experience .	place	neutral
Topgolf combines the ease of play that putt - putt golf provides with a game - like atmosphere similar to bowling in a driving range setting .	putt - putt golf	neutral
Topgolf combines the ease of play that putt - putt golf provides with a game - like atmosphere similar to bowling in a driving range setting .	atmosphere	neutral
The morning times are the cheapest by the hour , with prices increasing as you approach evening .	morning times	neutral
The menu itself consists of bar / party type food such as fries , sandwiches , and some wonderfully delightful donut holes that you fill with your choice of 3 different flavors .	menu	neutral
The menu itself consists of bar / party type food such as fries , sandwiches , and some wonderfully delightful donut holes that you fill with your choice of 3 different flavors .	fries	neutral
The menu itself consists of bar / party type food such as fries , sandwiches , and some wonderfully delightful donut holes that you fill with your choice of 3 different flavors .	sandwiches	neutral
Service here was excellent , provided by our server Ashley .	Service	neutral
Service here was excellent , provided by our server Ashley .	server	neutral
Overall it 's a fun place if you 're looking for a group activity that provides casual sport , food , and entertainment .	place	neutral
Overall it 's a fun place if you 're looking for a group activity that provides casual sport , food , and entertainment .	food	neutral
Just be sure you know how to swing that golf club without injuring yourself , since I twisted my wrist while swinging and it 's still a little sore a few days later !	golf	neutral
The waiters and someone who looked like an owner were not filipino .	waiters	neutral
The food was decent but not as good as the food I 'm used to back home .	food	neutral
The lechon kawali was the best dish of them all , surprisingly .	lechon kawali	neutral
The chicken inasal was quite plain .	chicken inasal	neutral
The bbq skewers were good , but not the best .	bbq skewers	neutral
It 's nice that the dishes come with white rice and a side of plain pancit .	dishes	neutral
The real reason , I love Little Ceasars ?	Ceasars	neutral
The DEEP DISH !	DEEP DISH	neutral
I usually roll with their " Lunch Combo " .	Lunch Combo	neutral
You get 4 big slices of deep dish pizza and a 20 oz bottle of Pepsi products for $ 5 . 00 .	deep dish pizza	neutral
You get 4 big slices of deep dish pizza and a 20 oz bottle of Pepsi products for $ 5 . 00 .	bottle of Pepsi	neutral
nowadays , and this deal gets you a big ass pizza , and a drink !	pizza	neutral
so I know I 'm getting a hot out of the oven pizza .	pizza	neutral
The pizza is great !	pizza	neutral
The crust is crisp and buttery , the cheese is plentiful , and the sauce is tasty , too !	crust	neutral
The crust is crisp and buttery , the cheese is plentiful , and the sauce is tasty , too !	cheese	neutral
The crust is crisp and buttery , the cheese is plentiful , and the sauce is tasty , too !	sauce	neutral
Surprisingly , the pizza is n't TOO greasy , which I appreciate .	pizza	neutral
It 's a damn fine lunch , and 4 slices really fill you up ( you could probably split this with someone and still be satisfied ) !	slices	neutral
Overall , I really like this spot .	spot	neutral
Service is friendly , prices are incredibly cheap , and the deep dish pizza is delicious .	Service	neutral
Service is friendly , prices are incredibly cheap , and the deep dish pizza is delicious .	deep dish pizza	neutral
Their regular pizza , meh	regular pizza	neutral
This deep dish though ?	deep dish	neutral
Fantastic , and its one of my favorite pizzas anywhere , not just " chain " type pizza .	pizza	neutral
Amazing service , so much choice , 5 mins from the airport ( great to kill time , get a quick bite to eat or waiting for more folks to arrive ! ) .	service	neutral
Waited the recommended 20min arrived and the waiting area was crazy packed and disorganized observed a couple leave because the host did n't take there names .	waiting	neutral
Waited the recommended 20min arrived and the waiting area was crazy packed and disorganized observed a couple leave because the host did n't take there names .	host	neutral
Finally got order front lady was legit .	order	neutral
Finally got order front lady was legit .	front lady	neutral
Food was warm .	Food	neutral
The bacon was ok limp and and not warm .	bacon	neutral
The eggs I did n't eat .	eggs	neutral
I got the cheddar hash browns and the cheddar was sprinkled on but not melted which is a major downside for me .	cheddar hash browns	neutral
I had a side of the hash brown bacon cheddar puppies .	hash	neutral
It seemed average the crust was kind of soggy .	crust	neutral
Found this landmark place on ' Best Ever Road Trip ' App .	place	neutral
My first impression was great - the ambiance was retro - chic , nice and clean .	ambiance	neutral
( I was even open to to overlooking the strong aroma of fried - food and somewhat smoky haze from said fried food . )	fried	neutral
( I was even open to to overlooking the strong aroma of fried - food and somewhat smoky haze from said fried food . )	fried food	neutral
However , almost as soon as I was diggin ' on the cool vibe , my perception was dashed .	vibe	neutral
There were 3 waitresses on duty - no acknowledgement from any of them .	waitresses	neutral
Dining room was n't even half full ( it was mid - afternoon , between lunch and dinner times ) .	Dining	neutral
No customers at the bar .	bar	neutral
And finally get the attention of the waitress behind the bar .	waitress	neutral
( The 12 " dog is actually two 6 " dogs - but , whatever . )	12	neutral
Then the onion rings come up - so I take them out to my waiting husband and head back in and finally get the bologna sandwich .	bologna	neutral
so I head back inside with them and tell the waitress behind the bar that they are not what I ordered .	waitress	neutral
This Penguin should be an endangered species !	Penguin	neutral
Is it cool that I like the interior design and art better than the food ?	interior	neutral
The scallops were okay	scallops	neutral
Otherwise the fried scallops alone did n't have too much flavor or spice like wasabi batter or something .	fried scallops	neutral
Eating it took me a while , but it gave me enough time to chat with Kat and her hubs about the restaurant ambience :P	ambience	neutral
Nice foldable menu and good basic selections .	menu	neutral
Nice foldable menu and good basic selections .	selections	neutral
Salmon belly nigiri was good .	Salmon belly nigiri	neutral
I found their fish to be on the dry side for the other nigiris as served .	fish	neutral
Cool thing is their portions are bite size .	portions	neutral
Nice that the restaurant has space for larger groups and separate dining areas .	restaurant	neutral
Nice that the restaurant has space for larger groups and separate dining areas .	dining areas	neutral
The tall ceilings , creative wood designs , lighting , and paint art captured my attention the most .	ceilings	neutral
The tall ceilings , creative wood designs , lighting , and paint art captured my attention the most .	wood designs	neutral
The tall ceilings , creative wood designs , lighting , and paint art captured my attention the most .	lighting	neutral
The tall ceilings , creative wood designs , lighting , and paint art captured my attention the most .	paint art	neutral
I 'm used to being greeted by the chefs or workers .	chefs	neutral
Here they have it modernly designed on the entrance wall - no joyous welcoming shouts ...	entrance	neutral
Our waiter had a tiny misunderstanding with our separate tabs .	waiter	neutral
Mission accomplished and I will say that their green tea creme brulee by itself is deserving of 5 stars .	green tea creme brulee	neutral
Best fast and convenient restaurant close to uptown .	restaurant	neutral
Far superior to Chipotle or Salsaritas .	Salsaritas	neutral
Best hot sauce I have ever had .	hot sauce	neutral
Great staff .	staff	neutral
Only time will tell whether or not this particular store gets rundown .	store	neutral
Delicious pasta .	pasta	neutral
Taco mac is divine .	Taco mac	neutral
They also make your food super fast and deliver - and I swear I 'm just in love .	food	neutral
Good ribs , good selection of beer on tap , and my wife likes their salads .	ribs	neutral
Good ribs , good selection of beer on tap , and my wife likes their salads .	selection of	neutral
Good ribs , good selection of beer on tap , and my wife likes their salads .	beer	neutral
Good ribs , good selection of beer on tap , and my wife likes their salads .	salads	neutral
Take your business next door to homewood suites , nicer rooms and nicer staff .	homewood suites	neutral
Take your business next door to homewood suites , nicer rooms and nicer staff .	rooms	neutral
Take your business next door to homewood suites , nicer rooms and nicer staff .	staff	neutral
Big thumbs down Hilton , way down .	Hilton	neutral
This is hands - down a 5-star establishment .	establishment	neutral
Plus ... the food is so incredibly delicious .	food	neutral
Best burger I 've ever had with excellent service to boot need	burger	neutral
Best burger I 've ever had with excellent service to boot need	service	neutral
The food here is awesome .	food	neutral
My burger always comes out medium rare	burger	neutral
and I never have a problem not getting my toppings .	toppings	neutral
I usually order the Angus burger with chipotle mayo , portobello mushrooms , caramelized onions and avocado with pepper jack cheese .	Angus burger	neutral
I usually order the Angus burger with chipotle mayo , portobello mushrooms , caramelized onions and avocado with pepper jack cheese .	portobello mushrooms	neutral
Fat fries are a must of course	Fat fries	neutral
and you simply have to try the awesomeness of the nutella milk shakes .	nutella milk shakes	neutral
The service is excellent .	service	neutral
The food comes out after being cooked perfectly and you never feel like you 're being ignored .	food	neutral
This place is definitely my favorite burger but it also has my favorite shake .	burger	neutral
This place is definitely my favorite burger but it also has my favorite shake .	shake	neutral
I have tried plenty of other burger places but always make my way back to burger bar .	burger	neutral
Fantastic , authentic Mexican food ...	Mexican food	neutral
I had Sanoran style enchiladas with over easy eggs ...	enchiladas	neutral
I had Sanoran style enchiladas with over easy eggs ...	eggs	neutral
Chips and salsa are great an it comes with bean dip !	Chips	neutral
Chips and salsa are great an it comes with bean dip !	salsa	neutral
If you like simple , Raising Cane 's is the place to go .	Raising Cane	neutral
All they serve is chicken strips	chicken	neutral
I love the flavor of the chicken and I love the crinkle cut fries !	chicken	neutral
I love the flavor of the chicken and I love the crinkle cut fries !	crinkle cut fries	neutral
The toast is really good and the Cane 's sauce is some of the best I have had !	toast	neutral
The toast is really good and the Cane 's sauce is some of the best I have had !	Cane 's sauce	neutral
Someone recommended this place to me and I highly recommend to anyone ! !	place	neutral
I wish Le P'tit Rustik was n't a 5 hour drive away because their food is so dang good .	food	neutral
We came for brunch and the menu was limited .	menu	neutral
There were 4 options ( avocado toast , smoked salmon eggs benedict , classic eggs benedict , English breakfast ) .	smoked salmon eggs benedict	neutral
There were 4 options ( avocado toast , smoked salmon eggs benedict , classic eggs benedict , English breakfast ) .	eggs benedict	neutral
Brunch came with a small soup , main entree , dessert .	soup	neutral
I ordered the smoked salmon eggs benedict and it was delicious !	smoked salmon eggs benedict	neutral
Eggs were perfectly poached and the sauce was super creamy .	Eggs	neutral
Eggs were perfectly poached and the sauce was super creamy .	sauce	neutral
Never had pickled onions with eggs benedict and it was a nice touch .	eggs benedict	neutral
Portion was perfect , I was full enough that I could still finish dessert but not too stuffed .	Portion	neutral
The bognettes were AMAZING , we had to put in a side order of them !	bognettes	neutral
Service was very friendly .	Service	neutral
The decor inside was cozy .	decor	neutral
Definitely follow them on Facebook to get updates on their menu .	menu	neutral
Everyone in our party loved their food .	food	neutral
I totally love the concept of this place and want to like it more but ca n't do it .	place	neutral
Their set up is weird .	set up	neutral
The entire area that wraps around their bar is also very cramped .	bar	neutral
Our table was still a mess .	table	neutral
Once the food came out , the server just picked up the old plates and replaced it with our meals .	server	neutral
Aside from the annoyingly busy atmosphere , the food is not so bad .	atmosphere	neutral
Aside from the annoyingly busy atmosphere , the food is not so bad .	food	neutral
I had the smoked bowl and thought it could have been a lot better .	smoked bowl	neutral
The brown rice was dry and flavorless .	brown rice	neutral
Chicken had way too much sauce on it .	Chicken	neutral
My friend had the chicken and waffles .	chicken and waffles	neutral
Truffle fries were bomb too !	Truffle fries	neutral
Do not park further back because that 's where giant cargo trucks unload their stuff .	cargo	neutral
Had the BBQ chicken salad , it was so good .	BBQ chicken salad	neutral
Super clean and great decor .	decor	neutral
The food was great and the wait staff was very pleasant .	food	neutral
The food was great and the wait staff was very pleasant .	wait staff	neutral
The atmosphere was very cozy .	atmosphere	neutral
The staff was accommodating and switched our table but the man was so loud you could hear him from inside !	staff	neutral
The staff was accommodating and switched our table but the man was so loud you could hear him from inside !	man	neutral
Aside from that they do have great food and friendly service .	food	neutral
Aside from that they do have great food and friendly service .	service	neutral
We have been here twice and the food just keeps getting better .	food	neutral
The meal was excellent .	meal	neutral
We also ordered a spicy tuna roll which was pretty good .	spicy tuna roll	neutral
The menu offers so much variety .	menu	neutral
My husband and I love this place .	place	neutral
Atmosphere is awesome .	Atmosphere	neutral
Service has mostly been awesome .	Service	neutral
Did the wine tasting on Tuesday which was fun .	wine tasting	neutral
So , hope this place stays forever .	place	neutral
I can say that the steak was n't that great .	steak	neutral
My complaint about the chirashi lunch last time was that it lacked variety , but was okay in size .	chirashi lunch	neutral
This dinner was okay in variety , but severely lacking in size ( plus no soup and salad , and they forgot my wasabi ) .	dinner	neutral
This dinner was okay in variety , but severely lacking in size ( plus no soup and salad , and they forgot my wasabi ) .	soup	neutral
This dinner was okay in variety , but severely lacking in size ( plus no soup and salad , and they forgot my wasabi ) .	salad	neutral
As you can see from the picture , there was only one thin slice of each kind sashimi .	sashimi	neutral
Taro 's fish , which is just down the street ( 3 min drive ) , does the chirashi bigger , fresher , and cheaper .	chirashi	neutral
Quality : 6/10 , Value : 4 . 5/10 , Service 8/10 .	Service	neutral
: Please check my Japango review for how a Chirashi should be .	Chirashi	neutral
Japango 's Chirashi ( $ 21 ) more than doubles Edo 's Chirashi in amount of fish , exceeds Edo 's Chirashi in quality , and includes soup and salad .	Chirashi	neutral
Japango 's Chirashi ( $ 21 ) more than doubles Edo 's Chirashi in amount of fish , exceeds Edo 's Chirashi in quality , and includes soup and salad .	soup	neutral
Japango 's Chirashi ( $ 21 ) more than doubles Edo 's Chirashi in amount of fish , exceeds Edo 's Chirashi in quality , and includes soup and salad .	salad	neutral
Everything about Japango 's Chirashi puts Edo 's junk to shame .	Japango	neutral
Everything about Japango 's Chirashi puts Edo 's junk to shame .	Chirashi	neutral
This place nails it .	place	neutral
Greeted immediately by our server at the door and given our choice of table or booth .	server	neutral
Bread , salad and main course	Bread	neutral
Bread , salad and main course	salad	neutral
Bread , salad and main course	main course	neutral
Presentation , awesome .	Presentation	neutral
Cannoli 's are filled fresh on order .	Cannoli 's	neutral
I feel sorry for the reviewers that recommend the chain across the street , for you do not know what good food and service is about .	food	neutral
I feel sorry for the reviewers that recommend the chain across the street , for you do not know what good food and service is about .	service	neutral
Now , if I could just find some good pizza out here ...	pizza	neutral
Worst turkey burger I ever had .	turkey burger	neutral
Service was n't that good either , for some reason they were in great hurry .	Service	neutral
Love the different meats I 've tried various times , in both the bun style and currywurst styles .	meats	neutral
Love the different meats I 've tried various times , in both the bun style and currywurst styles .	bun style	neutral
Love the different meats I 've tried various times , in both the bun style and currywurst styles .	currywurst	neutral
Ca n't go wrong with any choice really - my favourite go to now is the Kangaroo one .	Kangaroo	neutral
Lots of beers available for beer lovers .	beers	neutral
Lots of beers available for beer lovers .	beer	neutral
And not only are the duck fat fries still awesome with their many flavours of dips , but their soft serve with duck fat fry bits are delicious too ( although tiny that you may want a second ! ) .	duck fat fries	neutral
And not only are the duck fat fries still awesome with their many flavours of dips , but their soft serve with duck fat fry bits are delicious too ( although tiny that you may want a second ! ) .	soft serve with duck fat fry bits	neutral
My drink that I ordered was good , but the service was seriously lacking .	drink	neutral
My drink that I ordered was good , but the service was seriously lacking .	service	neutral
We also ordered the tiramisu which was interesting - would n't say that it was my favorite .	tiramisu	neutral
Saimen noodles were pasty , overcooked and had no chew or flavor .	Saimen noodles	neutral
Ate here a few years ago & their saimen once was the BOMB !	saimen	neutral
Broth still tasty .	Broth	neutral
They 're stingy on the chashu pork now .	chashu pork	neutral
Never ordering saimen here anymore !	saimen	neutral
The post - hike dinner has been a personal tradition .	post	neutral
I am a New York transplant that loves his pizza and subs .	pizza	neutral
I am a New York transplant that loves his pizza and subs .	subs	neutral
Streets of New York is a casual sit down restaurant with extended booths and tables where televisions showing professional sports provide entertainment .	Streets of	neutral
When I walked into the restaurant , the host and waitress invited me to sit anywhere .	waitress	neutral
After hiking , I appreciated the comfort of the plush booth .	booth	neutral
I was hoping that they offered my favorite sandwich , which is an eggplant parmesan on toasted bread that the pizzerias on my streets of New York offer without fail .	eggplant parmesan	neutral
The menu features New York pizza where their customers have a variety of choices and sizes in pies and slices , sandwiches including pastrami , and the meatball parmesan sub .	menu	neutral
The menu features New York pizza where their customers have a variety of choices and sizes in pies and slices , sandwiches including pastrami , and the meatball parmesan sub .	pies	neutral
The menu features New York pizza where their customers have a variety of choices and sizes in pies and slices , sandwiches including pastrami , and the meatball parmesan sub .	slices	neutral
The menu features New York pizza where their customers have a variety of choices and sizes in pies and slices , sandwiches including pastrami , and the meatball parmesan sub .	pastrami	neutral
The menu features New York pizza where their customers have a variety of choices and sizes in pies and slices , sandwiches including pastrami , and the meatball parmesan sub .	meatball parmesan sub	neutral
What truly reached from the Streets of New York to the heart of my soul was their broaster chicken .	chicken	neutral
The food was so filling and tasty that I had forgot all about the bread .	food	neutral
The food was so filling and tasty that I had forgot all about the bread .	bread	neutral
The chicken breast was a large portion where the chicken wing was sufficient .	chicken breast	neutral
The chicken breast was a large portion where the chicken wing was sufficient .	chicken wing	neutral
The two potato wedges were large .	two	neutral
The two potato wedges were large .	potato wedges	neutral
Regardless that the potato wedges tasted fine they fell short of Chilly Jilly'z , that up to the time of this review is the best that I ever had .	potato wedges	neutral
The cole slaw was a nice size portion and tasted average .	cole slaw	neutral
All this food was n't bad for $ 6 .	food	neutral
The Cokes , that did n't have a dint of flatness and that the waitress refilled in a timely manner brought the dinner up to nearly $ 10 before the tip .	Cokes	neutral
The Cokes , that did n't have a dint of flatness and that the waitress refilled in a timely manner brought the dinner up to nearly $ 10 before the tip .	waitress	neutral
After my leading dining adventure at Streets of New York , there is still more adventure that awaits .	Streets of New York	neutral
I truly want to try their New York pizza .	New	neutral
I truly want to try their New York pizza .	York pizza	neutral
Maybe this is first - rate New York pizza .	New	neutral
The tasty things were the trips risotto , rib cap with pretzel bread , squid ink rice and oxtail .	trips risotto	neutral
The tasty things were the trips risotto , rib cap with pretzel bread , squid ink rice and oxtail .	rib cap with pretzel bread	neutral
The tasty things were the trips risotto , rib cap with pretzel bread , squid ink rice and oxtail .	squid ink rice	neutral
The tasty things were the trips risotto , rib cap with pretzel bread , squid ink rice and oxtail .	oxtail	neutral
The empanada was 1 slice of meat pie-	empanada	neutral
the crust was soggy and tasted like crap .	crust	neutral
The apple foie gras was mush on mush , it needed a crunchy component for texture .	apple foie gras	neutral
Overall was average food experience , left disappointed .	food	neutral
The service is really quick	service	neutral
I was so amazed at how fast we got our ribs .	ribs	neutral
Everything here is delicious try the corn nuggets !	corn nuggets	neutral
We ordered the crispy spicy eggplant , orange " chicken " and hot and sour soup .	crispy spicy eggplant	neutral
Everything was amazing and the crispy spicy eggplant is a must have !	crispy spicy eggplant	neutral
Service was excellent and food came out quickly .	Service	neutral
Service was excellent and food came out quickly .	food	neutral
We will be making this a regular place for us .	place	neutral
Burgers are really good .	Burgers	neutral
Onion rings and tots were good too .	Onion rings	neutral
Onion rings and tots were good too .	tots	neutral
Tried the Bassett Blonde brew and it was great .	Bassett Blonde brew	neutral
Excellent service too !	service	neutral
We are so happy to have a great little place in our neighborhood !	place	neutral
by all means , Liverpool house has set the bar for some of the most amazing food and drink I have ever had the pleasure of tasting .	Liverpool	neutral
by all means , Liverpool house has set the bar for some of the most amazing food and drink I have ever had the pleasure of tasting .	food	neutral
by all means , Liverpool house has set the bar for some of the most amazing food and drink I have ever had the pleasure of tasting .	drink	neutral
We started with pulled pork cigars .	pulled pork cigars	neutral
Succulent , smokey , pulled pork with the right amount of bark , wrapped in garden fresh , Boston lettuce and tied together with a chive .	bark	neutral
a self serve BLT .	BLT	neutral
A house snausage , marrow bones and a big hunk of pig , cooked to perfection , smothered in a veal stocky , barbequish type sauce , that , when I ran a piece of cop through , split like the red sea , held like divine intervention and then slowly resumed its original form .	sauce	neutral
We sat at the bar and had the pleasure of getting to know Thomas , a great bar keep and all around nice guy .	bar	neutral
Then the seafood onslaught began .	seafood	neutral
Half a dozen fresh , perfectly shucked , plump oyster , wading in their liquor , to start .	oyster	neutral
The swordfish was the best fish I have ever tasted .	swordfish	neutral
The swordfish was the best fish I have ever tasted .	fish	neutral
It fell apart as I rolled it in my mouth with my tongue while the smokey flavour encompassed my palate , complimented by the crunch of the asparagus and then the smooth flavour and texture of the cream .	smokey	neutral
It fell apart as I rolled it in my mouth with my tongue while the smokey flavour encompassed my palate , complimented by the crunch of the asparagus and then the smooth flavour and texture of the cream .	asparagus	neutral
It fell apart as I rolled it in my mouth with my tongue while the smokey flavour encompassed my palate , complimented by the crunch of the asparagus and then the smooth flavour and texture of the cream .	cream	neutral
Finally , a salt crusted arctic char , along with enough clams to choke a donkey and salsa Verde and hollandaise on the side .	arctic char	neutral
Finally , a salt crusted arctic char , along with enough clams to choke a donkey and salsa Verde and hollandaise on the side .	hollandaise	neutral
This was the second best fish I have ever had .	fish	neutral
Juicy , flavourful , stuffed with herbs and when doused in the hollandaise , forgetta 'bout it .	hollandaise	neutral
This is pretty awesome place that makes the Kensington Market even better for vegetarians !	place	neutral
Very unique and cool decor .	decor	neutral
Staff was all super friendly .	Staff	neutral
Waiter greeted us and gave us some tips on the food .	Waiter	neutral
The onion rings were lightly breaded and highly seasoned .	onion rings	neutral
It came with a dipping sauce and the onions were sweet .	onions	neutral
The Smash Burger was my favorite because it has the most flavor , beef was perfectly cooked and those homemade thin pickles just made it even more tasty .	Smash Burger	neutral
The Smash Burger was my favorite because it has the most flavor , beef was perfectly cooked and those homemade thin pickles just made it even more tasty .	beef	neutral
My husband had the Bacon Mac N Cheeseburger , it was HUGE !	Bacon Mac N Cheeseburger	neutral
Other than that , definitely a must try for all the die hard Triple D Fans !	Triple D	neutral
You start on the park map ( literally ) in the front lobby of MGM and head towards the Brad Garrett Comedy Club which almost seems like a walk of shame as I was there when they first opened .	Comedy Club	neutral
Immediately when turning the corner you can smell the freshly prepared doughnuts from a mile away .	doughnuts	neutral
Before I get to the food I do have to recognize the staff .	staff	neutral
I enjoy the time they take when creating each doughnut flavor and do n't treat the experience like a conveyor belt .	doughnut	neutral
On a semi empty stomach this will suck , but now time to start describing the doughnuts .	doughnuts	neutral
I have chosen the 12 pack each time because it seems really like a steal at a $ 8 .	12 pack	neutral
that die hard when it comes to mini doughnuts and crazy enough to say these can compete with my favorite ( mini doughnuts from the Minnesota State Fair ) .	mini doughnuts	neutral
It 's taken me about 30 years to find a place that could ? ! ?	place	neutral
The Smores one is literally just that .	Smores	neutral
I thought the marshmallow on the top was an intricate touch and one of the few places that advertise Smores and have it taste like it !	marshmallow	neutral
I did enjoy the caramel sauce and chopped pecan crumble topping , but it really did n't move me to want more ( just my preference ) .	caramel sauce	neutral
I did enjoy the caramel sauce and chopped pecan crumble topping , but it really did n't move me to want more ( just my preference ) .	chopped pecan crumble topping	neutral
What did and certainly what I 'd call a sleeper flavor was the Blueberry Lemon .	Blueberry Lemon	neutral
You get that punch of blueberry at first and then hooks in the lemon and the vanilla aftertaste is a guaranteed twelve round TKO .	lemon	neutral
Also during the initial visit I had the PB+J and that is another surprise .	PB+J	neutral
For a light snack or even breakfasting like yours truly your tummy will say double down on 20 for a visit to Dapper Doughnut !	Doughnut	neutral
For the pricepoint , this is not a place that we 'd return to , unless we were staying in the JW Marriott , as it is a part of the resort .	place	neutral
The ambiance is very nice , with an open kitchen , and a casual but luxurious interior .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance is very nice , with an open kitchen , and a casual but luxurious interior .	kitchen	neutral
The ambiance is very nice , with an open kitchen , and a casual but luxurious interior .	interior	neutral
Service was snappy and attentive , but perhaps lacked a little bit of refinement that you might expect in an upper - end resort .	Service	neutral
The gnocchi has the potential to be an above average order ; however , it almost tastes like an italian stir - fry , if such a thing exists .	gnocchi	neutral
The pizza is quite good , but the reality is that you can get better ' za at an actual pizza joint for a fraction of the cost .	pizza	neutral
The pizza is quite good , but the reality is that you can get better ' za at an actual pizza joint for a fraction of the cost .	pizza joint	neutral
The highlight of the meal , and perhaps a commentary on the dining experience itself ( which really just sort of misses the mark ) , is the Green Salad and the Caesar Salad .	Green Salad	neutral
The highlight of the meal , and perhaps a commentary on the dining experience itself ( which really just sort of misses the mark ) , is the Green Salad and the Caesar Salad .	Caesar Salad	neutral
The Caesar is topped with anchovies , a touch that not enough restaurants will add .	Caesar	neutral
Fun Filipino atmosphere where the old folks and young kids can all hang out and have a good time .	Filipino	neutral
Fun Filipino atmosphere where the old folks and young kids can all hang out and have a good time .	atmosphere	neutral
The place was kind of dingy with dimmed lights and loud music .	place	neutral
The place was kind of dingy with dimmed lights and loud music .	music	neutral
The dining tables were wrapped around the small dance floor and the only kind of light that was provided were from the candles , disco ball , and the big TV screen that was on stage where the karaoke mics were .	dining	neutral
The dining tables were wrapped around the small dance floor and the only kind of light that was provided were from the candles , disco ball , and the big TV screen that was on stage where the karaoke mics were .	candles	neutral
The dining tables were wrapped around the small dance floor and the only kind of light that was provided were from the candles , disco ball , and the big TV screen that was on stage where the karaoke mics were .	disco	neutral
As for dinner , I got ta give it to them and say that it was quite tasty .	dinner	neutral
Sisig ( shredded pork w/ onions n ' mushrooms on a sizzling plate ) - $ 12 .	Sisig	neutral
Black Pepper Chicken - $ 10 .	Black Pepper Chicken	neutral
I thought was okay , not friendly at all , our waitress was kind of stuck - up'ish .	waitress	neutral
5L Arrowhead Bottle water which were at $ 3 a pop	Arrowhead	neutral
5L Arrowhead Bottle water which were at $ 3 a pop	Bottle water	neutral
And on top of that , I too was able to get water from a different waitress so that totally pissed me off ! ! !	waitress	neutral
This bar is always busy on the weekends and I have no idea why .	bar	neutral
There 's a cover to get in , the staff is cocky , and the drink prices are insane I got charged $ 12 for a loaded beer .	staff	neutral
There 's a cover to get in , the staff is cocky , and the drink prices are insane I got charged $ 12 for a loaded beer .	drink	neutral
There 's a cover to get in , the staff is cocky , and the drink prices are insane I got charged $ 12 for a loaded beer .	beer	neutral
The staff all seem to be a hot mess , where no one knows what they are doing , and all seem quite dazed and confused .	staff	neutral
On one occasion , we were sitting on the patio , being blasted by the sun for 2 hours - where we had asked to be moved to a number of other tables on the patio - and they waiter kept saying he had to ask , and then either forgetting or just not doing anything about it .	waiter	neutral
We finally opened a large umbrella on the patio , to which he replied , " oh , i probably should have thought of this sooner ...	patio	neutral
The soup and sandwich deal for lunch resulted in tepid soup , and a soggy sandwich , and the cottage pie was all gravy with very little of anything else ( do n't get me wrong	soup and sandwich	neutral
The soup and sandwich deal for lunch resulted in tepid soup , and a soggy sandwich , and the cottage pie was all gravy with very little of anything else ( do n't get me wrong	soup	neutral
The soup and sandwich deal for lunch resulted in tepid soup , and a soggy sandwich , and the cottage pie was all gravy with very little of anything else ( do n't get me wrong	sandwich	neutral
The soup and sandwich deal for lunch resulted in tepid soup , and a soggy sandwich , and the cottage pie was all gravy with very little of anything else ( do n't get me wrong	cottage pie	neutral
, I LOVE gravy , but i do n't want my entire dish to be and taste salty brown ) .	dish	neutral
I 've been told that pints at this place a good for UFC games , and that the upstairs patio ( when it 's open ) is nice .	upstairs patio	neutral
los dos molinos is like an acid trip .	los dos molinos	neutral
the first thing i liked about LDM	LDM	neutral
there is no rhyme or reason to the interior design scheme , it 's all over the place .	interior design scheme	neutral
the patio looked so inviting , but with the weather topping out at about 118 degrees that day , we decided inside was best .	patio	neutral
as someone who makes their own homemade sangria , i was especially impressed with their recipe .	sangria	neutral
i got the carnitas dinner , the rest of our group ordered the relleno dinner , the tamales , the enchiladas .	carnitas	neutral
i got the carnitas dinner , the rest of our group ordered the relleno dinner , the tamales , the enchiladas .	relleno	neutral
i got the carnitas dinner , the rest of our group ordered the relleno dinner , the tamales , the enchiladas .	tamales	neutral
the carnitas were cooked exactly how i love ..... juicy , but crispy on the outside .	carnitas	neutral
i do n't remember too much after that 5th margarita , but let me tell you , it was f'ing FANTASTIC !	margarita	neutral
The pizza was the worst I 've ever had .	pizza	neutral
The employees were very annoying .	employees	neutral
So , we 're wandering through the altar of consumerism , excess and conspicuous consumption Caesars Palace and enjoying it thoroughly when we stumbled upon Carmine 's .	Carmine 's	neutral
We had a seafood pasta - family style - which was simply exquisite and every bit as good as that served in HQ .	seafood pasta	neutral
Driver was nice even gave us peppers and parmesan flaky stuff .	Driver	neutral
Definitely a favorite place for our crew every Tuesday for $ 2 . 00	place	neutral
Tacos , happy hour Appetizers and the best Margaritas in town !	Tacos	neutral
Tacos , happy hour Appetizers and the best Margaritas in town !	Margaritas	neutral
Miguel and Shaun always treat us like family .	Miguel	neutral
Miguel and Shaun always treat us like family .	Shaun	neutral
The 1 star is n't because of the staff or service but because the food quality and quantity was not there .	staff	neutral
The 1 star is n't because of the staff or service but because the food quality and quantity was not there .	service	neutral
The 1 star is n't because of the staff or service but because the food quality and quantity was not there .	food	neutral
They give you veeeery small portions for $ 24 . 99 which is their dinner AYCE ( all you can eat ) .	portions	neutral
They give you veeeery small portions for $ 24 . 99 which is their dinner AYCE ( all you can eat ) .	all you can eat	neutral
You would think with such high price the quality of the meat would be outstanding but in fact was not satisfying .	meat	neutral
Since my last post I have see a great deal of effort come from the management to make the client experience a good one .	management	neutral
Management no longer sit at customer tables and the guy who works the front is much more pleasant in the mornings when I get my coffee .	guy	neutral
Always amazing food and service .	food	neutral
Always amazing food and service .	service	neutral
Excellent chopped salad .	chopped salad	neutral
This is the most terrible pizza I have ordered in a long time .	pizza	neutral
The pizza showed up 20 min late , the delivery driver was rude and the pizza was so undercooked that it was pathetic .	pizza	neutral
The pizza showed up 20 min late , the delivery driver was rude and the pizza was so undercooked that it was pathetic .	delivery driver	neutral
The pizza showed up 20 min late , the delivery driver was rude and the pizza was so undercooked that it was pathetic .	pizza	neutral
You mean to tell me you messed up a pizza and not only are you not giving me my money back	pizza	neutral
Poor excuse for a papa johns .	papa johns	neutral
this experience has made me never want to order from them again SPECIFICALLY this location and this manager ( Cheyenne ) .	manager	neutral
I 've stayed in this hotel many times and for the price you pay ... the rooms / suites are just great !	rooms	neutral
I 've stayed in this hotel many times and for the price you pay ... the rooms / suites are just great !	suites	neutral
It 's a big room that can accommodate a lot of your friends and family .	room	neutral
The sofa also sleeps two people .	sofa	neutral
As for the buffet restaurants , one is international and the other is primarily for seafood lovers .	buffet restaurants	neutral
As for the buffet restaurants , one is international and the other is primarily for seafood lovers .	seafood	neutral
The bars are cool if you just want to chill and they provide free shuttle service to several hotels along the strip .	bars	neutral
The Voodoo Lounge is pretty cool too .	Voodoo Lounge	neutral
Try their Witch Doctor drink .	Witch Doctor drink	neutral
If you 're afraid of heights , the elevator ride to the Voodoo Lounge might be a little extreme .	Voodoo Lounge	neutral
The pool is nice .	pool	neutral
If anything , they should modernize the rooms and casino to attract more people .	rooms	neutral
If anything , they should modernize the rooms and casino to attract more people .	casino	neutral
Shrimp was really good .	Shrimp	neutral
Soup was ok .	Soup	neutral
Pizza was fine .	Pizza	neutral
Ribs were very good .	Ribs	neutral
They have a wine special on Sunday 's which was nice .	wine special	neutral
Half price for any bottle of wine .	bottle of wine	neutral
They are a great buffet , as far as price goes .	buffet	neutral
Food is OK .	Food	neutral
Good salad bar !	salad bar	neutral
But please , Golden Corral ! ! ! !	Golden	neutral
Stop overcooking those poor Vegetables ! ! ! ! !	Vegetables	neutral
We 've visited many times , and the overcooked vegetables is my pet peeve !	vegetables	neutral
I must give kudos to our waitress , Tracy !	waitress	neutral
She 's truly an asset to this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Nothing better than a waitress that is so attentive to our needs .	waitress	neutral
William , the cashier was so pleasant !	William	neutral
William , the cashier was so pleasant !	cashier	neutral
This is the worst club in Vegas ! !	club	neutral
Dave Wagner is the most unprofessional corporate security manager out there !	Dave	neutral
The security guards are all cowards as well .	security guards	neutral
I had exceptional service from Caesar and always enjoy talking to him when he is working .	service	neutral
I had exceptional service from Caesar and always enjoy talking to him when he is working .	Caesar	neutral
Most times the rest of the staff does a great job on giving good portions and moving the food making process quickly .	staff	neutral
Most times the rest of the staff does a great job on giving good portions and moving the food making process quickly .	portions	neutral
Very delicious food and will continue to come back .	food	neutral
You had me at half off wine bottles on Friday !	wine bottles	neutral
Duckworth 's never disappoints and our service was amazing .	service	neutral
Emma is an excellent server .	Emma	neutral
Emma is an excellent server .	server	neutral
I highly recommend the loaded buffalo chicken nachos .	loaded buffalo chicken nachos	neutral
It is more than enough for two people and the portion is huge .	portion	neutral
These are the best nachos in charlotte .	nachos	neutral
How many times have you gotten halfway through nachos and you run out of toppings ? ? ?	nachos	neutral
At Duckworth 's the topping / chip portion is perfection .	topping / chip portion	neutral
The Pho soup is so good , the beef broth pictured is so flavourful .	Pho soup	neutral
The Pho soup is so good , the beef broth pictured is so flavourful .	beef broth pictured	neutral
The tables are not as tightly packed together as is common in small eateries .	tables	neutral
Tr竪s bien mais fait une fausse promotion d'un rabais de 5 $ lors	rabais	neutral
The cafeteria here provides some of the most delicious food in Las Vegas .	cafeteria	neutral
The cafeteria inside this market is just that .	cafeteria	neutral
What makes it amazing is the fresh ingredients and the wide selection of yummy Asian treats they offer .	ingredients	neutral
What makes it amazing is the fresh ingredients and the wide selection of yummy Asian treats they offer .	Asian treats	neutral
They have a full time cook grilling chicken , pork , and beef kabobs .	pork	neutral
I almost forgot to mention the delicious grilled stuffed squid .	grilled stuffed squid	neutral
The peel and eat shrimp are HUGE , the oysters were great , we also had the garlic bread , calamari , and oyster shooters .	peel and eat shrimp	neutral
The peel and eat shrimp are HUGE , the oysters were great , we also had the garlic bread , calamari , and oyster shooters .	oysters	neutral
The peel and eat shrimp are HUGE , the oysters were great , we also had the garlic bread , calamari , and oyster shooters .	garlic bread	neutral
The peel and eat shrimp are HUGE , the oysters were great , we also had the garlic bread , calamari , and oyster shooters .	calamari	neutral
Everything was VERY good and our bartender was super nice , and I love how it looks inside too !	bartender	neutral
Terrible bar .	bar	neutral
Terrible bartender .	bartender	neutral
The place is dirty & the tvs suck .	place	neutral
The place is dirty & the tvs suck .	tvs	neutral
My husband and I ate here on a Thursday evening and were impressed with the food , the service , and the ambiance .	food	neutral
My husband and I ate here on a Thursday evening and were impressed with the food , the service , and the ambiance .	service	neutral
My husband and I ate here on a Thursday evening and were impressed with the food , the service , and the ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
We were seated in a large booth that was located near the coolest wood - carved wall that looked like it was a " Day of the Dead " theme .	wall	neutral
Our waiter was attentive , but not overly attentive , and allowed for us to look over the menu and make our decisions without rushing our meal .	waiter	neutral
He recommended excellent margaritas for both me and my husband , and was cheerful and polite every time he visited the table .	margaritas	neutral
My husband had the Taco Dinner and said that the tacos and accompanients were all delicious .	Taco Dinner	neutral
My husband had the Taco Dinner and said that the tacos and accompanients were all delicious .	tacos	neutral
My husband had the Taco Dinner and said that the tacos and accompanients were all delicious .	accompanients	neutral
The meat was not too greasy that the shell softened , and the rice and beans were expertly seasoned .	meat	neutral
The meat was not too greasy that the shell softened , and the rice and beans were expertly seasoned .	shell	neutral
The meat was not too greasy that the shell softened , and the rice and beans were expertly seasoned .	rice	neutral
The meat was not too greasy that the shell softened , and the rice and beans were expertly seasoned .	beans	neutral
I had the whitefish ceviche as a meal , and it was amazing .	whitefish ceviche	neutral
The portion was large enough that it was filling on its own , accompanied by a few chips and a dash of salsa to give it a little extra kick .	portion	neutral
The portion was large enough that it was filling on its own , accompanied by a few chips and a dash of salsa to give it a little extra kick .	salsa	neutral
My husband enjoyed his specialty margarita that was made with a splash of pineapple juice , and I was pleased with my margarita choice that was recommended by the waiter that was made with specialty tequila , lime juice , and agave nectar .	margarita	neutral
My husband enjoyed his specialty margarita that was made with a splash of pineapple juice , and I was pleased with my margarita choice that was recommended by the waiter that was made with specialty tequila , lime juice , and agave nectar .	splash of pineapple juice	neutral
My husband enjoyed his specialty margarita that was made with a splash of pineapple juice , and I was pleased with my margarita choice that was recommended by the waiter that was made with specialty tequila , lime juice , and agave nectar .	margarita	neutral
My husband enjoyed his specialty margarita that was made with a splash of pineapple juice , and I was pleased with my margarita choice that was recommended by the waiter that was made with specialty tequila , lime juice , and agave nectar .	specialty tequila	neutral
My husband enjoyed his specialty margarita that was made with a splash of pineapple juice , and I was pleased with my margarita choice that was recommended by the waiter that was made with specialty tequila , lime juice , and agave nectar .	lime juice	neutral
How does this place survive in a city like Pittsburgh .	place	neutral
The pizza is tasteless and mine was cold .	pizza	neutral
The Greek salad was good but how do you m as up	Greek salad	neutral
The rigatoni casserole was less than you could get anywhere in Pittsburgh .	rigatoni casserole	neutral
The sauce is only slightly cooked .	sauce	neutral
Forget this place .	place	neutral
This is a difficult hotel to rate , but I decided to rate it anyway .	hotel	neutral
The guest room itself was impressive , though it is not one to share with someone who you do n't want to be naked around .	guest room	neutral
There are glass doors that serve as a wall between the bedroom and the shower .	glass	neutral
Others I was at the conference with described the shower area as like the set for a porn movie .	shower area	neutral
The lighting in the room turns on and off depending upon where you are in the room -- a ' green friendly ' feature , but at times annoying .	lighting	neutral
Still , you can tell the hotel is very new and economical from an energy standpoint , and well constructed .	hotel	neutral
One thing that was particularly difficult was finding any food options that were even moderately priced .	food	neutral
Everything anywhere close to this hotel was very , very expensive .	hotel	neutral
Every time I 've gone to ocean poke co	ocean poke	neutral
the staff have been super friendly and this time was no different .	staff	neutral
The food is great and shop has always been clean .	food	neutral
The food is great and shop has always been clean .	shop	neutral
but I think they might have kombucha beer or at least they had flyers on the counter for Wild Tonic on the counter ( which is also bomb ) .	Wild Tonic	neutral
This is definitely a tasty and healthier fast food option for lunch or dinner and you can usually get out only spending about $ 10 .	fast	neutral
Loved this place and our sushi chef Johnny .	place	neutral
Loved this place and our sushi chef Johnny .	sushi chef	neutral
Loved this place and our sushi chef Johnny .	Johnny	neutral
so we had a great chat with the chef	chef	neutral
Great sushi , good taste and good sized pieces .	sushi	neutral
Great sushi , good taste and good sized pieces .	pieces	neutral
my # 1 spot for all - day filipino breakfast .	filipino breakfast	neutral
interesting purple decor ( ube - themed ? ) .	purple decor	neutral
friendly staff .	staff	neutral
i 've tried some of their entree dishes , which are okay , and	entree dishes	neutral
some of their desserts and baked items , which are good , but they absolutely excel at breakfast .	desserts	neutral
some of their desserts and baked items , which are good , but they absolutely excel at breakfast .	baked items	neutral
some of their desserts and baked items , which are good , but they absolutely excel at breakfast .	breakfast	neutral
breakfast , which is a plate of atchara ( pickled julienned papaya ) with diced cucumbers and tomatoes , heavenly garlic - heavy fried rice topped with two fried eggs , and your choice of protein : sweet sausage , sweet pork , jerky - like beef , milkfish , etc .	fried rice	neutral
breakfast , which is a plate of atchara ( pickled julienned papaya ) with diced cucumbers and tomatoes , heavenly garlic - heavy fried rice topped with two fried eggs , and your choice of protein : sweet sausage , sweet pork , jerky - like beef , milkfish , etc .	jerky	neutral
the sweet pork ( tocino ) is my personal favourite , but i 've tried most of the other proteins and	sweet pork ( tocino )	neutral
to top it all off , the plating is quite nicely done for these dishes .	plating	neutral
to top it all off , the plating is quite nicely done for these dishes .	dishes	neutral
the portions are perfect and totally worth the $ 7 . 50 price tag .	portions	neutral
you can add coffee to your breakfast dish for just $ 0 .	breakfast dish	neutral
75 too , and it 's a really flavourful brew that does n't have much acidity in the aftertaste .	brew	neutral
This joint has obviously changed ownership or direction since that last review .	joint	neutral
While they still sell pizza , their new focus seems to be on healthy , organic and vegetarian food .	pizza	neutral
I have been here twice and the food is AWESOME !	food	neutral
They deliver , or you can come down and order take - out ... which IMO is the most fun , since their semi - dingy little shop is strangely homey , and always seems to have Bulgarian TV blaring ( it 's a Bulgarian - owned enterprise ) .	shop	neutral
No more nasty - ass Carl 's Jr or Del Taco	Carl 's Jr	neutral
No more nasty - ass Carl 's Jr or Del Taco	Del Taco	neutral
The menu includes their " famous " brown rice ( YUM ! ) , " famous " organic quinoa ( YUM ! ) , and a HUGE selection of salads , wraps , pizzas , crepes and pitas .	brown rice	neutral
The menu includes their " famous " brown rice ( YUM ! ) , " famous " organic quinoa ( YUM ! ) , and a HUGE selection of salads , wraps , pizzas , crepes and pitas .	organic	neutral
The menu includes their " famous " brown rice ( YUM ! ) , " famous " organic quinoa ( YUM ! ) , and a HUGE selection of salads , wraps , pizzas , crepes and pitas .	quinoa	neutral
The menu includes their " famous " brown rice ( YUM ! ) , " famous " organic quinoa ( YUM ! ) , and a HUGE selection of salads , wraps , pizzas , crepes and pitas .	salads	neutral
The menu includes their " famous " brown rice ( YUM ! ) , " famous " organic quinoa ( YUM ! ) , and a HUGE selection of salads , wraps , pizzas , crepes and pitas .	wraps	neutral
The menu includes their " famous " brown rice ( YUM ! ) , " famous " organic quinoa ( YUM ! ) , and a HUGE selection of salads , wraps , pizzas , crepes and pitas .	pizzas	neutral
The menu includes their " famous " brown rice ( YUM ! ) , " famous " organic quinoa ( YUM ! ) , and a HUGE selection of salads , wraps , pizzas , crepes and pitas .	crepes	neutral
The menu includes their " famous " brown rice ( YUM ! ) , " famous " organic quinoa ( YUM ! ) , and a HUGE selection of salads , wraps , pizzas , crepes and pitas .	pitas	neutral
They also have a full line of smoothies and juices .	smoothies	neutral
This place ROCKS ! ! !	place	neutral
As I mixed the greens , there was a long strand of hair in my salad -- disgusting .	salad	neutral
However , the waiter took my salad away -- and said " sorry .	waiter	neutral
I told the manager " Scott " that it as very unusual for a manager to never come to the table and apologize .	manager	neutral
I thought it would be customary for a manager to approach the table and share that he / she spoke to the kitchen , and maybe say this " is unusual " and maybe offer a free appetizer .	manager	neutral
Customer service is everything - all consumers should be treated as such .	Customer service	neutral
I do n't have anything particularly negative or positive to say about this location everything was just sort of okay .	location	neutral
The location was clean and our server was friendly and patient as we were a decent sized group and he got everyone 's order exactly right .	server	neutral
outside of that though the prices are decent , the portion size was n't bad and the food itself while fresh was n't overly flavourful or standout in any way .	portion size	neutral
outside of that though the prices are decent , the portion size was n't bad and the food itself while fresh was n't overly flavourful or standout in any way .	food	neutral
Most people got the chicken platter with fries and a few of us had their special chicken sandwich .	chicken platter	neutral
The sandwich itself was n't huge and was n't bad but did n't have much flavour , i chose a house salad as a side and while the greens were fresh the salad dressing was horrible .	sandwich	neutral
The sandwich itself was n't huge and was n't bad but did n't have much flavour , i chose a house salad as a side and while the greens were fresh the salad dressing was horrible .	house salad	neutral
The sandwich itself was n't huge and was n't bad but did n't have much flavour , i chose a house salad as a side and while the greens were fresh the salad dressing was horrible .	salad dressing	neutral
I would stick with the classic chicken platter and fries if I were to come back here .	chicken platter	neutral
I would stick with the classic chicken platter and fries if I were to come back here .	fries	neutral
This place is n't my first choice in terms of recommendations but is conveniently located near the bell centre if ever you need to grab a bite before a show .	place	neutral
Absolutely horrible service .	service	neutral
and I only get one sauce and no napkins .	sauce	neutral
This chicken brand used to be good	chicken brand	neutral
but now it 's only ever deteriorating with the brand focusing more on its image than its service .	service	neutral
Got home and they forgot my salad dressing on my oriental salad .	oriental salad	neutral
My daughter got the gump salad and she bit into a raw shrimp .	gump salad	neutral
Delightful empanada spot in Mesa .	empanada	neutral
I had a Saturday girls night there and was so happy with my meal .	meal	neutral
There is ample street parking and an attached lot as well .	lot	neutral
There are a few tables and a patio as well .	patio	neutral
The menu has a nice selection of different empanada options as well as a few entrees .	menu	neutral
The menu has a nice selection of different empanada options as well as a few entrees .	empanada	neutral
They also have cool soda flavors from Latin America .	soda flavors	neutral
Friday afternoon I purchased two slabs of back ribs at $ 2 . 29 per pound .	back ribs	neutral
I cooked all four slabs and found that not only were the John Mull slabs excessively trimmed , but the meat was extremely tough and seemed like commercial or utility grade beef rather than any consumer grade .	John Mull slabs	neutral
I cooked all four slabs and found that not only were the John Mull slabs excessively trimmed , but the meat was extremely tough and seemed like commercial or utility grade beef rather than any consumer grade .	meat	neutral
Their staff has always been friendly and I can not rate their new hot foods as I have not tried any .	staff	neutral
Their staff has always been friendly and I can not rate their new hot foods as I have not tried any .	hot foods	neutral
The manger was great and helped us choose a wine that paired well with our dinner .	manger	neutral
The manger was great and helped us choose a wine that paired well with our dinner .	wine	neutral
Enjoyed the vegetable plate and salmon .	vegetable plate	neutral
Enjoyed the vegetable plate and salmon .	salmon	neutral
Very cool concept , and laid back place to have dinner with friends .	place	neutral
Nice ambiance , comfortable ... very friendly staff ... and the menu was like ...	ambiance	neutral
Nice ambiance , comfortable ... very friendly staff ... and the menu was like ...	staff	neutral
Nice ambiance , comfortable ... very friendly staff ... and the menu was like ...	menu	neutral
Healthy food meets comfort food .... awesome selection .	food	neutral
Which is why I love this place so much .	place	neutral
Simply put , this is the best British Pub I have ever been to .	Pub	neutral
It is n't a big bar by most standards , but it 's very homely and it just feels warm to be inside .	bar	neutral
The British Burger	British Burger	neutral
I ordered was absolutely delicious , and next time I must try the fish and chips .	fish and chips	neutral
The only bad thing I can say about this place is that the parking lot of quite small and cramped .	parking lot	neutral
I 'm sure their numbers look good for corporate but this is not a place to expect any level of service .	service	neutral
Turkey burger was fantastic .	Turkey burger	neutral
Fries were cooked well and totally enjoyed the Tuscan milkshake .	Fries	neutral
Fries were cooked well and totally enjoyed the Tuscan milkshake .	Tuscan milkshake	neutral
Had a big discussion about the fact that the waiter did n't tell us that .	waiter	neutral
We left with the feeling we paid way to much considering the food & service we received .	food	neutral
We left with the feeling we paid way to much considering the food & service we received .	service	neutral
I 'm sure there are other options , but this Walgreens stands out with its large sign and optimal location .	Walgreens	neutral
I 'm sure there are other options , but this Walgreens stands out with its large sign and optimal location .	sign	neutral
I 'm sure there are other options , but this Walgreens stands out with its large sign and optimal location .	location	neutral
This is the go - to place for drinks .	place	neutral
The prices are fair , and it 's exactly what you need if you do n't want to be paying for overpriced sugary drinks .	drinks	neutral
This Walgreens has a tendency to overprice just about everything it sells , so buyers beware .	Walgreens	neutral
Alcohol was more expensive than even convenience stores , and even candy was n't affordable .	Alcohol	neutral
Drinks are fairly priced !	Drinks	neutral
Food fun and great service totally recommend .	Food	neutral
Food fun and great service totally recommend .	service	neutral
Mariana 's is your one stop shop for a fiesta .	Mariana 's	neutral
great variety of produce	produce	neutral
, spices here are hella cheap , and so are their meats .	spices	neutral
, spices here are hella cheap , and so are their meats .	meats	neutral
We always pick up the already prepared carne asada and chicken breast , all ready to go on a hot grill .	carne	neutral
We always pick up the already prepared carne asada and chicken breast , all ready to go on a hot grill .	chicken breast	neutral
so we ordered right away , was very spacious and tables were nice .	tables	neutral
Beautiful view .	view	neutral
Customer service is awful ! ! ! ! !	Customer service	neutral
Best dim sum in Mississauga for sure ... everything we had was quite good .	dim sum	neutral
Rice roll was tasty and firm , yet soft .	Rice roll	neutral
next time I want dimsum	dimsum	neutral
Cute little family owned place .	place	neutral
Comes with rice and potato Mac salad ( mix of potato and Mac salad really good ) .	potato Mac salad	neutral
Large portions and everything under $ 10 .	portions	neutral
Try the Manapua , steamed bread with BBQ pork in it .	Manapua	neutral
We Decided to go to Applebee 's for Lunch as Our car was getting Serviced and this was close by , we was greeted almost straight away and was able to get a beer , after studying the menu , we decided to get 2 for $ 25 plus a appetiser , we got boneless chicken wings with honey coating , we was presented with BBQ when we said we got the wrong flavour	boneless	neutral
I had the steak medium well	steak	neutral
My husband wanted stir fry the meat on my dish and his was tough	dish	neutral
and I mean tough , we would have had another desert and another Samuel Adams beer but trying to tell us BBQ sauce was honey and then having meat tough as old nails and not cooked the way we wanted it , put us off .	BBQ sauce	neutral
Stopped in after work ( 2:30a ) for a night cap and the male bartender acted as though I was bothering him .	bartender	neutral
I ordered a vodka / pineapple and all I could taste was pineapple .	vodka / pineapple	neutral
Not a lively bartender	bartender	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
The atmosphere is amazing .	atmosphere	neutral
I love the staff , they 're always laid back and helpful .	staff	neutral
And the beer is awesome ! !	beer	neutral
I would suggest the green chili pork sliders , they 're so good	green chili pork sliders	neutral
it is a perfect place for date night or	place	neutral
when you want a good beer	beer	neutral
Food is always on point ! !	Food	neutral
But the service is lately is so bad ! ! !	service	neutral
Institutional food , too salty .	food	neutral
Our waitress was friendly and brought our drinks .	waitress	neutral
Fish and chips are very salty and clearly frozen food .	Fish and chips	neutral
Corned beef hash was very poor quality .	Corned beef hash	neutral
Attentive service .	service	neutral
Good atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Spinach dip appetizer very good .	Spinach dip appetizer	neutral
Entrees did not live up to description in menu nor the spinach dip .	spinach dip	neutral
I had the fish fry ( it was Friday ) .	fish	neutral
then fish- very crisp to the point of not tasting very good .	fish-	neutral
Emmy daughter had a kebob which was so so .	kebob	neutral
Steak cubes were undercooked not that flavorful .	Steak cubes	neutral
I think my wife had a caesars salad which was ok .	caesars salad	neutral
Basically a reasonable dining experience but the nice ambiance is not enough to make me rush back .	ambiance	neutral
Jimmy John 's seemed to sprout up everywhere .	Jimmy	neutral
Not by the taste of the subs themselves , but I did n't realize the menu here is pretty limited .	subs	neutral
Not by the taste of the subs themselves , but I did n't realize the menu here is pretty limited .	menu	neutral
The toppings are pretty limited , and they ONLY have provolone cheese & white bread .	toppings	neutral
The toppings are pretty limited , and they ONLY have provolone cheese & white bread .	provolone cheese	neutral
The sandwiches are also cheap , and the service is fast ( like , REALLY fast ) .	sandwiches	neutral
The sandwiches are also cheap , and the service is fast ( like , REALLY fast ) .	service	neutral
Finally I can say that this is the best Falafel in town ! ! !	Falafel	neutral
Friendly staff and lovely place .	staff	neutral
Friendly staff and lovely place .	place	neutral
The restaurant has a great view , quick service and friendly staff .	view	neutral
The restaurant has a great view , quick service and friendly staff .	service	neutral
The restaurant has a great view , quick service and friendly staff .	staff	neutral
The prices are reasonable for their food and drinks .	food	neutral
The prices are reasonable for their food and drinks .	drinks	neutral
I like the overall ambiance of the restaurant .	ambiance	neutral
I like the overall ambiance of the restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
4 stars because we have had a few experiences when we order for delivery where the garlic naan bread was burnt and the tikka masala was too oily .	garlic naan bread	neutral
4 stars because we have had a few experiences when we order for delivery where the garlic naan bread was burnt and the tikka masala was too oily .	tikka masala	neutral
Bad food bad service .	food	neutral
Bad food bad service .	service	neutral
Owner Troy is a complete asshole .	Owner	neutral
Owner Troy is a complete asshole .	Troy	neutral
I love Pita Jungle .	Pita Jungle	neutral
I have tried to re - create their hummus , but I ca n't -- it is truly amazing , so smooth and delicious .	hummus	neutral
And the price is right -- try a comparable " upscale " place and you would be paying triple the price .	place	neutral
The salads are awesome .	salads	neutral
I am a big fan of the Lentil Fatoosh , the Broiled Chicken , the Honey Pasta , and the Greek Salad .	Lentil Fatoosh	neutral
I am a big fan of the Lentil Fatoosh , the Broiled Chicken , the Honey Pasta , and the Greek Salad .	Broiled Chicken	neutral
I am a big fan of the Lentil Fatoosh , the Broiled Chicken , the Honey Pasta , and the Greek Salad .	Honey Pasta	neutral
I am a big fan of the Lentil Fatoosh , the Broiled Chicken , the Honey Pasta , and the Greek Salad .	Greek Salad	neutral
The fresh and light dressings are awesome .	fresh and light dressings	neutral
As for the Pitas , the California Beach Club is awesome .	Pitas	neutral
As for the Pitas , the California Beach Club is awesome .	California Beach Club	neutral
And their smoothies , so freakin ' good .	smoothies	neutral
And their iced tea is not your run of the mill stuff either .	iced tea	neutral
Service has always been fine , and when it has been lacking , the food has always made up for it .	Service	neutral
Service has always been fine , and when it has been lacking , the food has always made up for it .	food	neutral
We are the city of big asses with our deep dish pizza , hot dogs , and sausages .	deep dish pizza	neutral
We are the city of big asses with our deep dish pizza , hot dogs , and sausages .	hot dogs	neutral
We are the city of big asses with our deep dish pizza , hot dogs , and sausages .	sausages	neutral
I miss you , Pita Jungle !	Pita	neutral
Always my favorite spot to eat with in Vegas .	spot	neutral
I can definitely appreciate healthy CLEAN food .	food	neutral
This place delivers perfectly .	place	neutral
Staff is always friends .	Staff	neutral
Highly recommended place for healthy clean food .	place	neutral
Highly recommended place for healthy clean food .	food	neutral
Looking for a nice dinner with a couple bottles of wine .	bottles of wine	neutral
We will find other restuarants that want our money	restuarants	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
Great food and drinks .	food	neutral
Great food and drinks .	drinks	neutral
I felt very relaxed here with their cozy urban style .	urban	neutral
The brussel sprouts are so good !	brussel sprouts	neutral
We 'll definitely be back to try the rest of the menu .	menu	neutral
Excellent fresh imported foods from Italy as well as a handful of Mediterranean favorites .	foods	neutral
Excellent fresh imported foods from Italy as well as a handful of Mediterranean favorites .	Mediterranean	neutral
Ferrara 's for their excellent feta cheese as well as their freshly grated pecorino romano cheese .	feta cheese	neutral
Ferrara 's for their excellent feta cheese as well as their freshly grated pecorino romano cheese .	pecorino romano cheese	neutral
Their excellent selection of cold cuts and cheeses makes this an excellent stop for a neighborhood deli .	cold cuts	neutral
Their excellent selection of cold cuts and cheeses makes this an excellent stop for a neighborhood deli .	cheeses	neutral
Their fresh selection is hard to pass up and their customer service is efficient .	fresh selection	neutral
Their fresh selection is hard to pass up and their customer service is efficient .	customer service	neutral
Burritos are very good , I got the roast beef and it was very tasteful and juicy .	Burritos	neutral
Burritos are very good , I got the roast beef and it was very tasteful and juicy .	roast beef	neutral
Big generous portions and good prices .	portions	neutral
One thing I do n't like much was how they fold their burritos .	burritos	neutral
Other than that it 's a great place .	place	neutral
As with all the other locations in the Charlotte NC area , Showmars delivers both great seafood and burgers at a affordable price .	seafood	neutral
As with all the other locations in the Charlotte NC area , Showmars delivers both great seafood and burgers at a affordable price .	burgers	neutral
They also have a selection of salads and chicken items , however I usually come for the flounder and shrimp combo .	salads	neutral
I definitely recommend this place , however if you do n't like the mall setting , you should checkout one of their other locations .	place	neutral
My Doug was a little too watery and the addition of ice cubes did not help .	Doug	neutral
My Doug was a little too watery and the addition of ice cubes did not help .	ice	neutral
Too much rice with the entrees .	entrees	neutral
Kababs were good but lacked that extra spiciness that keeps you coming back for more .	Kababs	neutral
Or does price even come into play in a place like this ?	place	neutral
First off : The MEAT !	MEAT	neutral
This is definitely the most important measure of a prime steakhouse , so I 'll start there .	steakhouse	neutral
We were assured by the waiter that it would be the most amazing , melt - in - your - mouth steak that any of us had ever tasted and that we would notice a huge difference from their $ 40-$60 " normal " steaks .	steak	neutral
The Wagyu beef was amazing , but nowhere near $ 150 worth of amazing .	Wagyu beef	neutral
Our waiter insisted that medium was the proper temperature for this particular steak	waiter	neutral
Our waiter insisted that medium was the proper temperature for this particular steak	steak	neutral
I also wish at least one of us would have opted for a $ 50 steak so that we could have done a side by side comparison .	steak	neutral
The setting : beautiful , classy , high - end steakhouse .	setting	neutral
The setting : beautiful , classy , high - end steakhouse .	steakhouse	neutral
It 's a bit noisy , but I like that , since it gives the place a homey , comfy , vibe where you feel free to let your hair down and enjoy your meal .	vibe	neutral
The service was fantastic , until the end of the night when we had to wait around for 20 minutes after finishing our dessert .	service	neutral
The booze : The alcohol list was very impressive , but we were in no condition to partake , because we all had the " bottle flu " from the night before .	alcohol list	neutral
The sides : salads were phenomenal ! !	sides	neutral
The sides : salads were phenomenal ! !	salads	neutral
The iceberg wedge was adorned with amazing dressing and perfect bleu cheese chunks .	iceberg wedge	neutral
The iceberg wedge was adorned with amazing dressing and perfect bleu cheese chunks .	dressing	neutral
The crab soup was good , not great .	crab soup	neutral
Spicy shrimp cocktail was wonderful with ginormous shrimp and perfectly spiced sauce .	Spicy shrimp cocktail	neutral
Spicy shrimp cocktail was wonderful with ginormous shrimp and perfectly spiced sauce .	shrimp	neutral
Spicy shrimp cocktail was wonderful with ginormous shrimp and perfectly spiced sauce .	sauce	neutral
Au Gratin potatoes were perfection , although a very small portion .	Au Gratin potatoes	neutral
Au Gratin potatoes were perfection , although a very small portion .	portion	neutral
Lobster mac and cheese was good , but nothing to write home about .	Lobster mac and cheese	neutral
Asparagus was perfectly prepared and the black truffle shavings added a nice , earthy , flavor .	Asparagus	neutral
Asparagus was perfectly prepared and the black truffle shavings added a nice , earthy , flavor .	black truffle shavings	neutral
Dessert : you MUST order the funnel cakes !	Dessert	neutral
Dessert : you MUST order the funnel cakes !	funnel cakes	neutral
I ca n't give this place 4 stars , given that pricetag .	place	neutral
The Wagyu was great , and I 'm glad we tried it , but I would never order it again .	Wagyu	neutral
This place is a hidden treasure ! !	place	neutral
The food is delicious !	food	neutral
Non - pretentious with fresh and tasty pizza - hard to go wrong .	pizza	neutral
We split some house salad and a nice margeurita pizza , which had great Italian - style crust .	margeurita pizza	neutral
We split some house salad and a nice margeurita pizza , which had great Italian - style crust .	Italian	neutral
We split some house salad and a nice margeurita pizza , which had great Italian - style crust .	crust	neutral
Others had pasta which was also apparently very good .	pasta	neutral
Seems like a great place for groups as well ...	place	neutral
The service is absolutely horrid .	service	neutral
I do n't even think that word truly defines the service .	service	neutral
I am sure we would go somewhere else of there was any other place that served dim sum in the phoenix area but choices are very slim .	dim sum	neutral
The staff was hospitable and the bruschetta was tasty .	staff	neutral
The staff was hospitable and the bruschetta was tasty .	bruschetta	neutral
Their tap list while small , was quality .	tap list	neutral
I thought the tart would taste different then it actually tasted .	tart	neutral
However , I really like their mini tarts -	mini tarts	neutral
the Mango one was super tasty and they have a tiramisu style cake that is also very good !	Mango	neutral
the Mango one was super tasty and they have a tiramisu style cake that is also very good !	tiramisu	neutral
Not a huge fan of the matcha cheese tart though which was surprising because I love matcha !	matcha cheese tart	neutral
The best pho I have ever had .	pho	neutral
Our server was so sweet and the environment was super homey .	server	neutral
Our server was so sweet and the environment was super homey .	environment	neutral
A nice authentic spot	spot	neutral
The food is amazing ; expensive but worth it !	food	neutral
The creativity used to make there dishes was fantastic and my family is from India	dishes	neutral
so I do know Indian food .	Indian food	neutral
There mutton bryani is amazing and unique with the naan on top	mutton bryani	neutral
There mutton bryani is amazing and unique with the naan on top	naan	neutral
Huge bar with good beer selection .	bar	neutral
Huge bar with good beer selection .	beer selection	neutral
24 hour food available .	food	neutral
so you always have a good view .	view	neutral
Got to try the deviled eggs !	deviled eggs	neutral
Always open and always serving good drinks and food .	drinks	neutral
Always open and always serving good drinks and food .	food	neutral
What more can you ask of a sports bar ? !	sports bar	neutral
Delicious fresh chicken , we used the drive - thru , where a order person actually comes out to your car takes your order , which is kind of more personal	chicken	neutral
Delicious fresh chicken , we used the drive - thru , where a order person actually comes out to your car takes your order , which is kind of more personal	drive	neutral
Staff is friendly and we love the food , we are so glad that this chicken place moved into our neighborhood , yummy mac and cheese , jalapeno poppers and french fries were among our sides , they also have very good iced tea according to my husband , who loves his unsweetened tea .	Staff	neutral
Staff is friendly and we love the food , we are so glad that this chicken place moved into our neighborhood , yummy mac and cheese , jalapeno poppers and french fries were among our sides , they also have very good iced tea according to my husband , who loves his unsweetened tea .	food	neutral
Staff is friendly and we love the food , we are so glad that this chicken place moved into our neighborhood , yummy mac and cheese , jalapeno poppers and french fries were among our sides , they also have very good iced tea according to my husband , who loves his unsweetened tea .	chicken place	neutral
Staff is friendly and we love the food , we are so glad that this chicken place moved into our neighborhood , yummy mac and cheese , jalapeno poppers and french fries were among our sides , they also have very good iced tea according to my husband , who loves his unsweetened tea .	mac and cheese	neutral
Staff is friendly and we love the food , we are so glad that this chicken place moved into our neighborhood , yummy mac and cheese , jalapeno poppers and french fries were among our sides , they also have very good iced tea according to my husband , who loves his unsweetened tea .	jalapeno poppers	neutral
Staff is friendly and we love the food , we are so glad that this chicken place moved into our neighborhood , yummy mac and cheese , jalapeno poppers and french fries were among our sides , they also have very good iced tea according to my husband , who loves his unsweetened tea .	french fries	neutral
Staff is friendly and we love the food , we are so glad that this chicken place moved into our neighborhood , yummy mac and cheese , jalapeno poppers and french fries were among our sides , they also have very good iced tea according to my husband , who loves his unsweetened tea .	iced tea	neutral
Good : service always checked to make sure everything was alright	service	neutral
The shakes look better than they taste .	shakes	neutral
Very disappointing for a $ 8 milkshake .	milkshake	neutral
I got the Cinnamon Toast Crunch milkshake and it literally tasted like melted ice cream .	Cinnamon Toast Crunch milkshake	neutral
Not only is the decor perfect the service was wonderful .	decor	neutral
Not only is the decor perfect the service was wonderful .	service	neutral
There were six of us and everyone loved their food .	food	neutral
I had the seared ahi salad	seared ahi salad	neutral
It was by far my favorite meal .	meal	neutral
This is consistently some of the best Vietnamese with great pho .	pho	neutral
The service is fast and you ca nt beat the price .	service	neutral
The staff is genuinely friendly , providing excellent service .	staff	neutral
Go for the crispy duck ... yum !	crispy duck	neutral
" it 's a small kitchen " and no apology .	kitchen	neutral
I wish the food saved things , but it was just ok .	food	neutral
My cod ( which as listed came with an array of vegetables .	cod	neutral
It was quite a while until we received our round of half - frozen macaron .	macaron	neutral
and I had an enchilada with beans and rice .	enchilada	neutral
I also had my fair share of chips and salsa , which were pretty tasty .	chips	neutral
I also had my fair share of chips and salsa , which were pretty tasty .	salsa	neutral
My friend had a Carne Asada Burro and she was also very happy with it .	Carne Asada Burro	neutral
It 's not a swanky restaurant , but I did n't feel as though it was noticeably dirty , either .	restaurant	neutral
The service was super quick .	service	neutral
The Imperatrice room can be curtained off to make a beautiful private room for a family dinner of 22 people .	Imperatrice room	neutral
The group menu was fantastic and well priced .	group menu	neutral
The vegetable soup was creamy and rich , the escargots were just right and the duck magret was very tasty .	vegetable soup	neutral
The vegetable soup was creamy and rich , the escargots were just right and the duck magret was very tasty .	escargots	neutral
The vegetable soup was creamy and rich , the escargots were just right and the duck magret was very tasty .	duck magret	neutral
The dessert platter with a mix of different desserts ( mousse , creme brulee , etc ) was a perfect way to finish the meal .	dessert platter	neutral
The dessert platter with a mix of different desserts ( mousse , creme brulee , etc ) was a perfect way to finish the meal .	desserts	neutral
The dessert platter with a mix of different desserts ( mousse , creme brulee , etc ) was a perfect way to finish the meal .	mousse	neutral
The dessert platter with a mix of different desserts ( mousse , creme brulee , etc ) was a perfect way to finish the meal .	creme brulee	neutral
Service was friendly and speedy .	Service	neutral
I would be happy to recommend this place to friends who are coming from out of town .	place	neutral
The sushi seemed pretty over priced , and I am not sure , but I think that both my friend and I got food poisoning from this place .	sushi	neutral
Went there on a We d and tried the social hour which was highly touted by fellow yelpers .	social hour	neutral
The food and environment was good but our whole experience was marred by our server .	food	neutral
The food and environment was good but our whole experience was marred by our server .	environment	neutral
The food and environment was good but our whole experience was marred by our server .	server	neutral
Ambience : new and contemporary and hip , music not too loud , good vibes , no complaints here .	Ambience	neutral
Ambience : new and contemporary and hip , music not too loud , good vibes , no complaints here .	music	neutral
Ambience : new and contemporary and hip , music not too loud , good vibes , no complaints here .	vibes	neutral
Food / drinks : watermelon cucumber mojito was not bad , Hamachi kama was wonderful and was more than " tapas " size , the nigiri samplers , yellowtail sushi and Hamachi rolls were all descent , no complaints here .	watermelon cucumber mojito	neutral
Food / drinks : watermelon cucumber mojito was not bad , Hamachi kama was wonderful and was more than " tapas " size , the nigiri samplers , yellowtail sushi and Hamachi rolls were all descent , no complaints here .	Hamachi kama	neutral
Food / drinks : watermelon cucumber mojito was not bad , Hamachi kama was wonderful and was more than " tapas " size , the nigiri samplers , yellowtail sushi and Hamachi rolls were all descent , no complaints here .	nigiri samplers	neutral
Food / drinks : watermelon cucumber mojito was not bad , Hamachi kama was wonderful and was more than " tapas " size , the nigiri samplers , yellowtail sushi and Hamachi rolls were all descent , no complaints here .	yellowtail sushi	neutral
Food / drinks : watermelon cucumber mojito was not bad , Hamachi kama was wonderful and was more than " tapas " size , the nigiri samplers , yellowtail sushi and Hamachi rolls were all descent , no complaints here .	Hamachi rolls	neutral
Au contraire , other servers who brought us food from the kitchen were pleasant and courteous enough .	servers	neutral
The decor is nice , the wait staff are friendly but the food is average .	decor	neutral
The decor is nice , the wait staff are friendly but the food is average .	wait staff	neutral
The decor is nice , the wait staff are friendly but the food is average .	food	neutral
Nothing special and no attempt to create any unique / differentiated cuisine .	cuisine	neutral
Breadsticks are soo good , it is the best bread you can get .	Breadsticks	neutral
Breadsticks are soo good , it is the best bread you can get .	bread	neutral
If i could make a house out of they re breadsticks and salad	breadsticks	neutral
If i could make a house out of they re breadsticks and salad	salad	neutral
The fettuchini alfredo with chicken is the bomb .	fettuchini alfredo with chicken	neutral
Its creamy , salty and just the perfect consistency to dip that breadstick in and do work .	breadstick	neutral
The chicken parm is good and the chicken amd shrimp carbonara is fantastic as well .	chicken parm	neutral
The chicken parm is good and the chicken amd shrimp carbonara is fantastic as well .	chicken amd shrimp carbonara	neutral
Decent prixes for all ya get and your provably gunna have left overs .	prixes	neutral
Best burger I 've had in years .	burger	neutral
Bun was phenomenal .	Bun	neutral
That one was also pretty good ( somewhere in between a house made Winking Lizard veggie and a Morningstar Farms veggie ) .	Winking Lizard	neutral
Winking Lizard 's are less grainy .	Winking Lizard	neutral
Ok , second gripe , the fries .	fries	neutral
I miss old school McDonald 's flash frozen and flash fried strands of starch .	McDonald	neutral
But ever since asshole Morgan Spurlock made the golden arches public enemy number one , fries everywhere have become these " healthier " skin on shadows of their former selves .	golden arches	neutral
, it 's hard to find a good french fry anymore .	french fry	neutral
But again , the patties here , tops in the game .	patties	neutral
The crab cakes are especially awesome .	crab cakes	neutral
The combination of the new chef ( Chef David Laser from Cork ) and the amazing staff serving his kickass food ( he and Chef Mary Ann created an entire new menu ) , this dark horse of a restaurant will soon be the leader of this town 's wine / food world .	staff	neutral
The combination of the new chef ( Chef David Laser from Cork ) and the amazing staff serving his kickass food ( he and Chef Mary Ann created an entire new menu ) , this dark horse of a restaurant will soon be the leader of this town 's wine / food world .	food	neutral
I have tried all the bruschetta and not one was unsatisfying ( if you 're up for trying something new , try the duck ! ! ) .	bruschetta	neutral
I have tried all the bruschetta and not one was unsatisfying ( if you 're up for trying something new , try the duck ! ! ) .	duck	neutral
The pizzas are amazing and if you ask me , are far better than Bianco 's in downtown -- these are n't all hyped up !	pizzas	neutral
But of course , it comes down to a trio of things : atmosphere , food , & wine .	atmosphere	neutral
But of course , it comes down to a trio of things : atmosphere , food , & wine .	food	neutral
But of course , it comes down to a trio of things : atmosphere , food , & wine .	wine	neutral
My WIne Cellar has all three working for them in perfect unison .	WIne Cellar	neutral
Service was great , the new owners are very friendly , and I love just being there !	Service	neutral
Service was great , the new owners are very friendly , and I love just being there !	owners	neutral
I can not express how disappointed I was in this place .	place	neutral
Not only did I end up paying $ 45 for probably the worst Thai food that I 've ever had , but also the fact that talking to the woman on the phone was a true exercise in futility .	Thai food	neutral
and I asked her : " Does Caesar 's Palace sound anything like Planet Hollywood ?	Caesar	neutral
The food was cold .	food	neutral
The shrimp rolls looked and tasted like the ones you get out the frozen foods section at Walmart .	shrimp rolls	neutral
The noodles were soggy and over - cooked in both the Pad Thai and the Pad Se Ew and the Tom Kha was cold and horrible and half of what I 've ever ordered anywhere else .	noodles	neutral
The noodles were soggy and over - cooked in both the Pad Thai and the Pad Se Ew and the Tom Kha was cold and horrible and half of what I 've ever ordered anywhere else .	Pad Thai	neutral
The noodles were soggy and over - cooked in both the Pad Thai and the Pad Se Ew and the Tom Kha was cold and horrible and half of what I 've ever ordered anywhere else .	Pad Se Ew	neutral
The noodles were soggy and over - cooked in both the Pad Thai and the Pad Se Ew and the Tom Kha was cold and horrible and half of what I 've ever ordered anywhere else .	Tom Kha	neutral
Other than that , good place to eat .	place	neutral
Service has been prompt .	Service	neutral
Food is tasty .	Food	neutral
This is a restaurant that would work very well in a town or small city .	restaurant	neutral
Latest customer service experiences are good .	customer service	neutral
Check out lines can be slow .	Check out lines	neutral
Nice eat - in area in the front of the store .	eat	neutral
I 'd give more stars because it 's clean , modern - decor and convenient location	decor	neutral
I 'd give more stars because it 's clean , modern - decor and convenient location	location	neutral
This Arby 's has fantastic service and friendly people .	service	neutral
This Arby 's has fantastic service and friendly people .	people	neutral
Every time I 've been to this Arby 's I order has always been correct , and the food is always been hot and fresh .	food	neutral
The only downside with this Arby 's , sometimes the drive thru can take a little while .	drive thru	neutral
I would recommend this Arby 's to anybody around	Arby 's	neutral
My favorite bean and cheese burritos E. V. E. R ! !	bean and cheese burritos	neutral
They are heavy on the cheese that came straight from heaven and their tortillas taste as if they are hand made everyday .	cheese	neutral
They are heavy on the cheese that came straight from heaven and their tortillas taste as if they are hand made everyday .	tortillas	neutral
They include a spicy red salsa that is to .	spicy red salsa	neutral
Normally I have to drench my food in salsa for it to be satisfactory but this little container of salsa does the trick and leaves me breathless .	container	neutral
Normally I have to drench my food in salsa for it to be satisfactory but this little container of salsa does the trick and leaves me breathless .	salsa	neutral
Food was disgusting , I order the potato skins , which I assume was processed because the cheese would not melt !	Food	neutral
Food was disgusting , I order the potato skins , which I assume was processed because the cheese would not melt !	potato skins	neutral
The bacon was undercooked and just overall terrible .	bacon	neutral
I also ordered the Philly chicken which was even more disappointing !	Philly chicken	neutral
Fries were cold and the bread on the sandwich was hard after complaining and asking for a refund	Fries	neutral
Fries were cold and the bread on the sandwich was hard after complaining and asking for a refund	bread	neutral
Fries were cold and the bread on the sandwich was hard after complaining and asking for a refund	sandwich	neutral
I was offered $ 5 and was told the food was perfectly fine !	food	neutral
I 'll never order from this place again !	place	neutral
Bad business and bad food ! !	food	neutral
Amazing brunch spot on a quiet street in the Saint - Henri neighbourhood .	brunch	neutral
Coffee is mild and not too bitter ( unlimited as well ) .	Coffee	neutral
The hollandaise sauce that is served with the Egg 's Benedict is a must try .	hollandaise sauce	neutral
The hollandaise sauce that is served with the Egg 's Benedict is a must try .	Egg 's Benedict	neutral
They give Papa Dells a run for the money .	Papa Dells	neutral
Good pizza with a a good price .	pizza	neutral
I prefer to have my slice quickly heated before I get it - it crisps up the crust just enough	slice	neutral
so the toppings do n't flop when I pick up the entire slice .	toppings	neutral
Fresh food and great service .	food	neutral
Fresh food and great service .	service	neutral
Jay was our server and he was on top of it .	Jay	neutral
I really liked the food .	food	neutral
The wings and potato skins were a bit greasy but not so bad that you could n't eat them .	wings	neutral
The wings and potato skins were a bit greasy but not so bad that you could n't eat them .	potato skins	neutral
My daughters split the chicken Alfred and it was horrible .	chicken Alfred	neutral
A lot of the food seems to be home made according to the descriptions that our server gave us .	food	neutral
A lot of the food seems to be home made according to the descriptions that our server gave us .	server	neutral
Chicken Alfredo aside	Chicken Alfredo	neutral
The prime rib and french dip sandwich sound really good and deserve a try .	prime rib	neutral
The prime rib and french dip sandwich sound really good and deserve a try .	french dip sandwich	neutral
Drinks are good and moderately priced .	Drinks	neutral
Service was really good .	Service	neutral
Our server was very busy but he still was able to make it around to everyone and keep drinks filled .	server	neutral
Good crowd , great piano player , delicious drinks , great service .	crowd	neutral
Good crowd , great piano player , delicious drinks , great service .	piano player	neutral
Good crowd , great piano player , delicious drinks , great service .	drinks	neutral
Good crowd , great piano player , delicious drinks , great service .	service	neutral
Had the Moscow mule .	Moscow mule	neutral
Very cool reclaimed barn plank entrance that makes you feel like you are walking into a club that may sport secret handshake ; )	entrance	neutral
More wood boarding on the interior and a ceiling tiles with used flour bags .	interior	neutral
While the portions are quite small they were all very good to excellent .	portions	neutral
Perfectly fresh slices of focaccia with dip and another app called Onion Tots were just what we needed as starters .	slices	neutral
Perfectly fresh slices of focaccia with dip and another app called Onion Tots were just what we needed as starters .	focaccia with dip	neutral
Perfectly fresh slices of focaccia with dip and another app called Onion Tots were just what we needed as starters .	Onion Tots	neutral
Our mains of winter sausage , fish of the day and the house burger were all so good we did n't want to leave .	winter sausage	neutral
Our mains of winter sausage , fish of the day and the house burger were all so good we did n't want to leave .	fish of the	neutral
Our mains of winter sausage , fish of the day and the house burger were all so good we did n't want to leave .	house burger	neutral
And we did n't thank god because the butter Tart desserts may have been the highlight of a great meal .	butter Tart desserts	neutral
Pizza with integrity sounds kinda ridiculous but these guys strive to deliver real Neapolitan pizza with local ingredients and succeed ... in spades .	Pizza	neutral
Pizza with integrity sounds kinda ridiculous but these guys strive to deliver real Neapolitan pizza with local ingredients and succeed ... in spades .	pizza	neutral
The Salumi plate is fantastic and the Pizzas simple and delicious .	Salumi plate	neutral
The Salumi plate is fantastic and the Pizzas simple and delicious .	Pizzas	neutral
With minimalist pies you can taste and enjoy each ingredient so each part has to be good ... and it is .	pies	neutral
The Knotty Brunette is AMAZING !	Knotty Brunette	neutral
Come for the view the beer or the food , either way you wo n't be disappointed .	view	neutral
Come for the view the beer or the food , either way you wo n't be disappointed .	beer	neutral
Come for the view the beer or the food , either way you wo n't be disappointed .	food	neutral
The lunch here was one of the worst in recent memory .	lunch	neutral
The food was bland and unexciting and the service was poor .	food	neutral
The food was bland and unexciting and the service was poor .	service	neutral
Small menu but the food was bland and tasteless .	menu	neutral
Small menu but the food was bland and tasteless .	food	neutral
Our poor server was all by herself to handle the entire restaurant .	server	neutral
This resulted in LONG wait times .	wait	neutral
Server rushed them away and had them fire up new ones without me even asking .	Server	neutral
Breakfast pizza my wife had was tasteless .	Breakfast pizza	neutral
Scones were completely raw in the middle .	Scones	neutral
Again dinner there is usually great but breakfast was horrible .	dinner	neutral
Again dinner there is usually great but breakfast was horrible .	breakfast	neutral
Average Thai food place .	Thai food place	neutral
Nice dining area .	dining area	neutral
Pleasent staff .	staff	neutral
Panera is great overall	Panera	neutral
every where I go is pretty nice the employees are always energetic and friendly	employees	neutral
I considered getting the raviolis , but decided against it because ( 1 ) I already had some frozen raviolis in the freezer ( though I 'm sure theirs are much better ) ; ( 2 ) They 're not cheap , at $ 7ish per box ; ( 3 ) I wanted a hot take - out dinner .	raviolis	neutral
Since I 'd heard good things about the pepperoni rolls but had never tried a pepperoni roll , I asked the guy working behind the counter if they had any .	pepperoni rolls	neutral
Upon arriving home , I decided to heat up the pepperoni roll in the toaster oven .	pepperoni roll	neutral
It was excellent , with light and fluffy but substantial bread , plenty of pepperoni slices , and a layer of mozzarella cheese .	bread	neutral
It was excellent , with light and fluffy but substantial bread , plenty of pepperoni slices , and a layer of mozzarella cheese .	pepperoni slices	neutral
While I liked the flavor , it occurred to me that some marinara sauce would make it even more flavorful , so I heated up some in the microwave and proceeded to dip the roll in the sauce as I ate it .	marinara	neutral
Ideally , I should have asked if they had any marinara sauce for dipping , since a higher - quality marinara sauce would have been even better .	marinara sauce	neutral
The tiramisu was even better than the pepperoni roll .	tiramisu	neutral
The tiramisu was even better than the pepperoni roll .	pepperoni roll	neutral
I 've had tiramisu a couple of times , but I do n't seek it out since I 'm not a huge fan of coffee - flavored desserts .	tiramisu	neutral
This tiramisu is addictive , however , and the espresso - soaked ladyfingers had me wanting more every time I ate a piece .	tiramisu	neutral
This tiramisu is addictive , however , and the espresso - soaked ladyfingers had me wanting more every time I ate a piece .	espresso	neutral
This tiramisu is addictive , however , and the espresso - soaked ladyfingers had me wanting more every time I ate a piece .	ladyfingers	neutral
Perhaps the most notable thing about this store is that the majority of products appear to be homemade ( i. e. , non - commercial ) .	products	neutral
Aside from the items I 've already mentioned , they have an assortment of cheeses , pasta , and pizzelles .	pasta	neutral
: I tried the sun dried tomato basil ravioli , and they were absolutely delicious .	sun dried tomato basil ravioli	neutral
Looking forward to trying more delicious flavors of raviolis soon !	raviolis	neutral
Lady M is quite a nice cake store .	Lady M	neutral
I think there is a lot of thought behind the industrial modernist decor with nice little touches like the almost lemonade water and fresh flowers at rickety steel tables under white lighting and white washed brick walls show off the trendy nouveau art pieces scattered throughout .	decor	neutral
I think there is a lot of thought behind the industrial modernist decor with nice little touches like the almost lemonade water and fresh flowers at rickety steel tables under white lighting and white washed brick walls show off the trendy nouveau art pieces scattered throughout .	flowers	neutral
I think there is a lot of thought behind the industrial modernist decor with nice little touches like the almost lemonade water and fresh flowers at rickety steel tables under white lighting and white washed brick walls show off the trendy nouveau art pieces scattered throughout .	tables	neutral
I think there is a lot of thought behind the industrial modernist decor with nice little touches like the almost lemonade water and fresh flowers at rickety steel tables under white lighting and white washed brick walls show off the trendy nouveau art pieces scattered throughout .	brick walls	neutral
But I do n't care about all that when the cake here is a hit every time .	cake	neutral
There are only 3 - 4 cakes on offer at a time and none of the seasonal ones that are always fun to try out like the lemon mille cake or earl grey version and they 've taken the really unctuous dark chocolaty molten lava cake off the menu too .	lemon mille cake	neutral
There are only 3 - 4 cakes on offer at a time and none of the seasonal ones that are always fun to try out like the lemon mille cake or earl grey version and they 've taken the really unctuous dark chocolaty molten lava cake off the menu too .	earl grey	neutral
Service is alright I guess .	Service	neutral
This place used to have a perfect score in my books	place	neutral
but now I think with such limited choices and slow service mixed with the prices has curbed a lot of my enthusiasm .	service	neutral
Did n't like because you could only taste the bread .	bread	neutral
I love going shopping here , this is the only place that I can find my mochi icecream	mochi icecream	neutral
Cassie and her team take great care of their guests Serving up tasty food healthy food in the friendly environment	food	neutral
Cassie and her team take great care of their guests Serving up tasty food healthy food in the friendly environment	food	neutral
Cassie and her team take great care of their guests Serving up tasty food healthy food in the friendly environment	environment	neutral
This place deserves ( - ) stars .	place	neutral
If the owners want this place to survive , they should get rid of their rude staff .	staff	neutral
The place was rather empty .	place	neutral
I will never step foot in this place again .	place	neutral
and I am looking forward for this place to shut down .	place	neutral
This the Mecca of burgers !	burgers	neutral
The best burgers I had in 3 continents !	burgers	neutral
The freshness , quantity and Juicy meat make 5-Guys the best place .	meat	neutral
The freshness , quantity and Juicy meat make 5-Guys the best place .	5-Guys	neutral
I love the place n people , i know them by name	place	neutral
A fan of 5-Guys ... the Range Rover Guy !	5-Guys	neutral
i came back again on a different night and found the food to be very good .	food	neutral
the service was good .	service	neutral
the decor was very nice .	decor	neutral
The wingless buffalo dip is amazing .	wingless buffalo dip	neutral
The salmon salad is also excellent .	salmon salad	neutral
It is the perfect place for all	place	neutral
and Maizie 's has become a regular hang out for me .	Maizie 's	neutral
They have a special cheap burger that draws crowds pay the extra for another night and enjoy the true vibe of Maizie 's .	burger	neutral
They have a special cheap burger that draws crowds pay the extra for another night and enjoy the true vibe of Maizie 's .	Maizie	neutral
Fabulous wine list with decent prices .	wine list	neutral
Opted for the Roast Beef prepared " Mike 's Way	Roast Beef	neutral
Super friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Small dining room but a perfect stop for takeout .	dining room	neutral
I had lots of recommendations from friends to try this place out .	place	neutral
They have different varieties of poke , from spicy ahi , to kimchee crab & mussels .	poke	neutral
They have different varieties of poke , from spicy ahi , to kimchee crab & mussels .	spicy ahi	neutral
They have different varieties of poke , from spicy ahi , to kimchee crab & mussels .	kimchee crab	neutral
Everything about this place has the Hawaii vibe .	place	neutral
The poke was fresh & definitely reminded me of home !	poke	neutral
I highly highly recommend this place if you want authentic Hawaiian style poke !	Hawaiian style	neutral
I highly highly recommend this place if you want authentic Hawaiian style poke !	poke	neutral
I recommend the spicy ahi & ahi limu ! !	spicy ahi	neutral
I recommend the spicy ahi & ahi limu ! !	ahi limu	neutral
Biscuts , Mmmmm sounds like a tasty sandwich place from the south , Wrong , Food was average at best .	Biscuts	neutral
Biscuts , Mmmmm sounds like a tasty sandwich place from the south , Wrong , Food was average at best .	Food	neutral
The food was Bland and tasteless , eggs were over cooked .	food	neutral
The food was Bland and tasteless , eggs were over cooked .	eggs	neutral
This is not someplace to eat .	someplace	neutral
The remodel of the building looked like volunteers did the work and had no remodel experience .	building	neutral
I 'm glad I did not give up trying to find it , as the ice cream was amazing .	ice cream	neutral
I had the green tea made with soya milk with mochi .	green tea	neutral
The ice cream was surprising smooth and creamy , considering it 's made in front of you and not churned in a machine .	ice cream	neutral
The ice cream itself was not too sweet which was great .	ice cream	neutral
Also , the person who served me was super friendly and energetic .	person	neutral
I would definitely recommend this place .	place	neutral
These momos remind me of a Chinese dumpling , but with a thicker skin and the beef has quite a meaty flavour .	momos	neutral
These momos remind me of a Chinese dumpling , but with a thicker skin and the beef has quite a meaty flavour .	beef	neutral
Nevertheless , with the friendly service of the owner and the great price , I would recommend this place .	service	neutral
Nevertheless , with the friendly service of the owner and the great price , I would recommend this place .	owner	neutral
Nevertheless , with the friendly service of the owner and the great price , I would recommend this place .	place	neutral
Really good bolognese , pasta , they even created an Alfredo dish for us that the guy said was best he ever had .	bolognese	neutral
Really good bolognese , pasta , they even created an Alfredo dish for us that the guy said was best he ever had .	pasta	neutral
Really good bolognese , pasta , they even created an Alfredo dish for us that the guy said was best he ever had .	Alfredo dish	neutral
Good bread , good atmosphere and good for business dinner .	bread	neutral
Good bread , good atmosphere and good for business dinner .	atmosphere	neutral
A little slow on service at the table .	service	neutral
Fantastic bartender last Thursday night	bartender	neutral
so lots eating at the bar .	bar	neutral
best meal I have ever eaten .	meal	neutral
Get the waffles with preserves and whipped cream .	waffles	neutral
Get the waffles with preserves and whipped cream .	preserves	neutral
The cream is homemade , the preserves are too !	cream	neutral
Smoky hash was also great !	Smoky hash	neutral
I ordered the Japanese beer that stars with an A ( forgot ) .	Japanese beer	neutral
It 's a light beer and we both enjoyed it very much .	beer	neutral
The reason my partner & I came here to eat is because we are both vegetarians and they have the most veggie ramen options out of all the other places whose menu I looked at .	ramen	neutral
My partner ordered the vegetarian miso ramen soup with vegan noodles & I ordered the spicy vegetarian miso ramen soup w/ thick noodles .	vegetarian	neutral
Both of the soups were amazing .	soups	neutral
The noodles were fantastic and the flavors were amazing .	noodles	neutral
For dessert we ordered green tea ice cream and it was fantastic as well .	green tea ice cream	neutral
This place is full of flavors .	place	neutral
I had the best experience at Kami 's !	Kami 's	neutral
I tried the sushi rolls , pad thai noodles , and the bento box .	sushi rolls	neutral
I tried the sushi rolls , pad thai noodles , and the bento box .	pad thai noodles	neutral
I tried the sushi rolls , pad thai noodles , and the bento box .	bento box	neutral
Even the delivery is spot on and the salad is perfect .	salad	neutral
I love the interior design of the place and also the outside !	interior	neutral
I love the interior design of the place and also the outside !	place	neutral
The service was great and I would definitely recommend it !	service	neutral
The food is so tasty !	food	neutral
We love this place for Sunday Brunch .	place	neutral
A place of this caliber this should never happen .	place	neutral
The food however is still awesome .	food	neutral
Staff are great .	Staff	neutral
I hope this is n't the beginning of the decline of one of my favorite restaurants .	restaurants	neutral
But for now I still highly recommend St. Francis .	St. Francis	neutral
Friendly and the food was really good .	food	neutral
Service friendly and prompt .	Service	neutral
I had the carne asada burrito and it was unique , tasty and generous enough portion to fill me up .	carne asada burrito	neutral
The iced tea was great too and my glass was always kept full .	iced tea	neutral
Chips and guacamole were great .	Chips	neutral
Chips and guacamole were great .	guacamole	neutral
These papusas are the real deal .	papusas	neutral
The servers are very friendly .	servers	neutral
The most of dishes we order are very tasteful .	dishes	neutral
Especially , the BLT salad sauce is me and my hubby 's fav .	BLT salad sauce	neutral
Great food and drinks	food	neutral
Great food and drinks	drinks	neutral
Amazing pizza !	pizza	neutral
Excellent service .	service	neutral
Being vegan I have been looking for a good pizza place in my area .	pizza	neutral
They offer vegan cheese and a great selection of veggies !	veggies	neutral
The employees are very friendly , one offered to change his gloves	employees	neutral
bc he did n't want to contaminate my pizza with dairy , extremely thoughtful .	pizza	neutral
What a great place !	place	neutral
I had their cheese empanada mmmm loved it !	cheese empanada	neutral
Their churrasco sandwich even better !	churrasco sandwich	neutral
The family who owns it ( the staff ) were so great !	staff	neutral
My waitress was very nice .	waitress	neutral
However , the food was awful !	food	neutral
The rice was just over cooked yellow rice , the beans were gray , and my burrito was awful .	rice	neutral
The rice was just over cooked yellow rice , the beans were gray , and my burrito was awful .	beans	neutral
The rice was just over cooked yellow rice , the beans were gray , and my burrito was awful .	burrito	neutral
First thought was that it was very wet , then I took a bite and thought , " what sadistic person puts celery , lettuce , and tomato in a burrito ? !	burrito	neutral
Gushi 's nanban tetsuya is one of the very few things I could eat everyday .	nanban tetsuya	neutral
The karaage is on point on all counts ; succulent and crispy textures , seasoning , flavour , the whole package .	karaage	neutral
Add that to box of hearty purple rice , topped with green onions , side of pickled ginger , drizzle of a sweet soy / mirin type sauce , kewpie mayo , and the most excellent nanban sauce ( some sort of caramelized citrus / yuzu type that is zesty , tangy , bitter and sweet in the most pleasant way ) , and you have what I would order if it were my last meal .	purple rice	neutral
Add that to box of hearty purple rice , topped with green onions , side of pickled ginger , drizzle of a sweet soy / mirin type sauce , kewpie mayo , and the most excellent nanban sauce ( some sort of caramelized citrus / yuzu type that is zesty , tangy , bitter and sweet in the most pleasant way ) , and you have what I would order if it were my last meal .	nanban sauce	neutral
Their croquette , takoyaki , and pogos are very good as well .	croquette	neutral
Their croquette , takoyaki , and pogos are very good as well .	takoyaki	neutral
Their croquette , takoyaki , and pogos are very good as well .	pogos	neutral
Shinji ( aka Mr. Gushi ) is a very energetic , positive , and friendly and makes sure your order is perfect before it 's in your hands .	Shinji	neutral
Being quite reasonably priced and just steps from where I work , I can only say that this place comes highly recommended .	place	neutral
The staff was super friendly and helpful , sharing honest recommendations based on the size of our group and accommodations .	staff	neutral
There are so many yummy looking options but since we could n't taste ahead of time ( as we were coming in right before our party ) we got their famous Hop Scotch flavor ( vanilla cake with heavenly butterscotch Ganache ) designed specially for our guest of honor .	Hop Scotch	neutral
There are so many yummy looking options but since we could n't taste ahead of time ( as we were coming in right before our party ) we got their famous Hop Scotch flavor ( vanilla cake with heavenly butterscotch Ganache ) designed specially for our guest of honor .	butterscotch Ganache	neutral
The staff had a good system , keeping the crowd flowing while being peppy & friendly all the way through !	staff	neutral
The decor of the cake was fantastic and stunning , a nice touch for a 50th Birthday party ; but more importantly , it was absolutely DELICIOUS !	decor	neutral
Thanks again to the crew at Retro Bakery !	Retro Bakery	neutral
Fun coffee shop to hang in when you want to relax from the sun or want to play chess .	coffee	neutral
Friendly and attentive staff .	staff	neutral
We were expecting authentic udon but our meal was pretty disappointing .	udon	neutral
We were expecting authentic udon but our meal was pretty disappointing .	meal	neutral
Having said that the cafeteria was very clean and spacious .	cafeteria	neutral
Seating was comfortable for our family of three with an infant .	Seating	neutral
Pizza was great .	Pizza	neutral
The thin crust is n't really that thin , comparable to hand tossed in most places .	thin crust	neutral
Husband loved the wings !	wings	neutral
This place is great ! !	place	neutral
But inside , they do have a seperate , non - smoking dinning room , which we loved .	dinning room	neutral
Food was top notch , Completely not expteced form a " bar " type restraunt .	Food	neutral
Food was top notch , Completely not expteced form a " bar " type restraunt .	restraunt	neutral
The martini 's were fab too .	martini 's	neutral
Got ta try pineapple cake martini ! ! !	pineapple cake martini	neutral
Service was awesome too .	Service	neutral
My friend is VERY picky , and server was more than accomadating and even had her food re - cooked with out a problem .	server	neutral
This small cafe has that great Madison vibe - like walking around the capital or going through the shops on State Street .	cafe	neutral
It also helps that my wonderful boyfriend is very open minded about trying every sort of food out there .	food	neutral
Our most recent visit was to Soyo , and I must say I was definitely not disappointed .	Soyo	neutral
We arrived right before 7 pm and unfortunately all of the booths were taken , but there was still plenty of large comfortable seating available .	seating	neutral
We enjoyed the ambiance as well as the design .	ambiance	neutral
I must admit I was a bit thrown off by the " barstaurant " portion in the name , as the actual bar was exceedingly tiny ?	barstaurant	neutral
I must admit I was a bit thrown off by the " barstaurant " portion in the name , as the actual bar was exceedingly tiny ?	portion	neutral
I must admit I was a bit thrown off by the " barstaurant " portion in the name , as the actual bar was exceedingly tiny ?	bar	neutral
The service was attentive and quick .	service	neutral
You start off with a bottle of complementary and refreshing barley tea to be consumed out of tin bowls .	barley tea	neutral
I must admit that we did not experiment with the menu as much as I was hoping to because we were starving .	menu	neutral
So we opted for the safe choices : fried wings in special sauce ( sauce was heavy and not particularly unique , but enjoyable ) , spicy pork ribs ( they were actually spicy which was a welcome surprise ) , and korean bbq beef ( pretty difficult to mess up this dish , but	fried wings	neutral
So we opted for the safe choices : fried wings in special sauce ( sauce was heavy and not particularly unique , but enjoyable ) , spicy pork ribs ( they were actually spicy which was a welcome surprise ) , and korean bbq beef ( pretty difficult to mess up this dish , but	sauce	neutral
So we opted for the safe choices : fried wings in special sauce ( sauce was heavy and not particularly unique , but enjoyable ) , spicy pork ribs ( they were actually spicy which was a welcome surprise ) , and korean bbq beef ( pretty difficult to mess up this dish , but	spicy pork ribs	neutral
So we opted for the safe choices : fried wings in special sauce ( sauce was heavy and not particularly unique , but enjoyable ) , spicy pork ribs ( they were actually spicy which was a welcome surprise ) , and korean bbq beef ( pretty difficult to mess up this dish , but	korean bbq beef	neutral
the meat portion was generous with very little fat ) .	meat portion	neutral
I enjoy kimchi and this one was very good , but I am used to a bit more spice .	kimchi	neutral
Everything was very tasty and the prices more than reasonable for the amount of food you will get .	food	neutral
Next time I would like to explore the menu a bit more and pick foods unfamiliar to me .	menu	neutral
Great little shop with an exceptional selection of beer .	shop	neutral
Great little shop with an exceptional selection of beer .	selection of	neutral
Great little shop with an exceptional selection of beer .	beer	neutral
The owner is super friendly and chatted us up while in the store .	owner	neutral
Enjoyable burger not quite worth the drive .	burger	neutral
I had a BBQ Burger which was very good and the fried zucchini was tasty as well .	BBQ Burger	neutral
I had a BBQ Burger which was very good and the fried zucchini was tasty as well .	fried zucchini	neutral
Both my wife and I were disappointed with the fries , as they were luke warm , soggy , and clearly not made to order .	fries	neutral
The setting is also very nice as they have both indoor and outdoor ( shaded ) seating .	setting	neutral
The setting is also very nice as they have both indoor and outdoor ( shaded ) seating .	indoor	neutral
However , in order to have a great burger joint great fries are a must .	burger	neutral
However , in order to have a great burger joint great fries are a must .	fries	neutral
Worst greek in the neighborhood .	greek	neutral
Not very tasty and the portion is super stingy ! !	portion	neutral
And considering the price vs portion , what a rip off .	portion	neutral
The food does n't have any love and does have a lot of fillers in the sauces to make it seem bountiful and thick ..... like cornstarch or something .	food	neutral
The food does n't have any love and does have a lot of fillers in the sauces to make it seem bountiful and thick ..... like cornstarch or something .	sauces	neutral
The quality of the food is really bad and cheap and the chefs have a lack of skill with authentic indian flavor .	food	neutral
The quality of the food is really bad and cheap and the chefs have a lack of skill with authentic indian flavor .	chefs	neutral
The quality of the food is really bad and cheap and the chefs have a lack of skill with authentic indian flavor .	indian	neutral
I ve given it three chances since its the ONLY indian food restaurant close by .	indian food	neutral
I ordered off the menu adn have also tried the buffet .	buffet	neutral
cheap food .	food	neutral
there are hardly any vegan options and nothing new and exciting .	vegan	neutral
I will say that the atmosphere is nice ... too bad the food is awful .	atmosphere	neutral
I will say that the atmosphere is nice ... too bad the food is awful .	food	neutral
We need more good Authentic Northern / Southern Indian restaurants .	Northern /	neutral
We need more good Authentic Northern / Southern Indian restaurants .	Southern Indian restaurants	neutral
The waiters do n't listen either .	waiters	neutral
This place has great customer service and has a wide selection of food for all appetites .	customer service	neutral
This place has great customer service and has a wide selection of food for all appetites .	food	neutral
The pancakes are huge .	pancakes	neutral
And they also offer " Fresh Watermelon Juice	Watermelon Juice	neutral
The ambiance was lovely and we had high hopes .	ambiance	neutral
The food came and it seemed kinda tasteless .	food	neutral
My husband got dry , boring ribs .	ribs	neutral
I had a burger that was kind of cold , I 've had tastier burger from fast food joints .	burger	neutral
Our server Kyle was okay ...	server	neutral
Our server Kyle was okay ...	Kyle	neutral
Service was very uneven .	Service	neutral
you will not leave this place hungry .	place	neutral
A bread basket is delivered to your table upon seating and all dinners come with a salad and potato ... very good portions .	bread	neutral
A bread basket is delivered to your table upon seating and all dinners come with a salad and potato ... very good portions .	salad	neutral
Ordered the prime rib on the last visit - perfectly seasoned and they understand what " medium " means .	prime rib	neutral
Service is consistently solid - very attentive without being obtrusive .	Service	neutral
This restaurant is " tucked away " off the beaten path but the word is out ... would definitely recommend making reservations ahead of time .	restaurant	neutral
Love smash burger !	smash burger	neutral
Great rosemary and garlic fries !	rosemary and garlic fries	neutral
Most of the servers are hit or miss attitude - wise , especially when it 's busy .	servers	neutral
Good portion sizes too .	portion sizes	neutral
SUPER SLOW SERVICE .	SERVICE	neutral
Disappointing service and the food is way too slow .	service	neutral
Disappointing service and the food is way too slow .	food	neutral
Although I love these donuts , this location , not so much .	donuts	neutral
I was grossed out , but at the same time happy at them being so clean , that now there donuts taste like Pine - sol .	donuts	neutral
The donut holes were bomb .	donut holes	neutral
Her customer service was still non - accommodating . : : : thumbs down for me : : : : : I will be notifying the Arizona Department of Health Services and Poison control .	customer service	neutral
An airport restaurant that is worth reviewing .	restaurant	neutral
Awesome , quiet spot in the Charlotte airport .	spot	neutral
Best open faced salmon sandwich i 've ever had .	open faced	neutral
Best open faced salmon sandwich i 've ever had .	salmon sandwich	neutral
Ceviche is pretty decent too .	Ceviche	neutral
The bar is usually pretty social (	bar	neutral
I do n't know what anybody sees in the pizza .	pizza	neutral
The cheese ca n't be real cheese ( it tastes like margarine , because fake cheese is just oil ) .	cheese	neutral
A cheese pizza should not be greasy if that 's all there is on it .	cheese pizza	neutral
Crust ( if you want to call it that ) is the consistency of what you get at the mall foodcourt or a fair .	Crust	neutral
Such a good place ( I 'm from California ) came looking for a good breakfast and was pleasantly surprised .	place	neutral
Such a good place ( I 'm from California ) came looking for a good breakfast and was pleasantly surprised .	breakfast	neutral
Michael ( Store Manager ) set me up with a delicious & speedy Reuben to - go !	Reuben	neutral
Tons of meat + potato salad was a winner !	meat	neutral
Tons of meat + potato salad was a winner !	potato salad	neutral
Great price & super friendly guy	guy	neutral
All the pizzas were super greasy and the taste was n't that good .	pizzas	neutral
All the pizzas were super greasy and the taste was n't that good .	taste	neutral
The beer selection is also very limited .	beer selection	neutral
They only have hot dogs , Pepsi products to drink , smoothies & desserts .	hot dogs	neutral
Food is okay .	Food	neutral
Chili cheese dogs were so good .	Chili cheese dogs	neutral
So much cheese on my chili dog !	chili dog	neutral
It 's a great place for kids to play at .	place	neutral
My daughter loves the Excalibur because to her it looks like a princess castle .	Excalibur	neutral
Descent place .	place	neutral
Gord had Montreal Smoked Hash & Eggs ... he liked it very much .	Montreal Smoked Hash	neutral
I had a BLT ( without lettuce ...	BLT	neutral
The fries were good and I just had a couple ( I was full ) .	fries	neutral
Nicole was our server and she took excellent care of us .	Nicole	neutral
Service was friendly , food was below average , but the biggest redeeming quality of this restaurant is the happy hour specials .	Service	neutral
Service was friendly , food was below average , but the biggest redeeming quality of this restaurant is the happy hour specials .	food	neutral
Service was friendly , food was below average , but the biggest redeeming quality of this restaurant is the happy hour specials .	happy hour specials	neutral
The drinks were tasty and cheap , so I give them three stars for that .	drinks	neutral
As far as the food , I would skip most of the items we ordered including the ramen , crispy rice with tuna and even the pork belly .	ramen	neutral
As far as the food , I would skip most of the items we ordered including the ramen , crispy rice with tuna and even the pork belly .	crispy rice with tuna	neutral
As far as the food , I would skip most of the items we ordered including the ramen , crispy rice with tuna and even the pork belly .	pork belly	neutral
They were pretty stingy with the meat dishes and the flavor on the rest of the food was just disappointing overall .	meat dishes	neutral
They were pretty stingy with the meat dishes and the flavor on the rest of the food was just disappointing overall .	food	neutral
The ramen had an unpleasant flavor to it that I ca n't quite identity and the tuna was not particularly fresh and the rice was n't crispy enough .	ramen	neutral
The ramen had an unpleasant flavor to it that I ca n't quite identity and the tuna was not particularly fresh and the rice was n't crispy enough .	tuna	neutral
The ramen had an unpleasant flavor to it that I ca n't quite identity and the tuna was not particularly fresh and the rice was n't crispy enough .	rice	neutral
The pork belly was n't fatty enough and kept sticking to the grill .	pork belly	neutral
The only items I would order again on the food front was the kalbi	kalbi	neutral
Yes to the drinks , no to the food .	drinks	neutral
Yes to the drinks , no to the food .	food	neutral
This is our go to place .	place	neutral
Keep in mind or you will have an angry chef on your hands !	chef	neutral
Food is amazing though !	Food	neutral
If you do n't know , poutine is a gluttonous concoction .	poutine	neutral
La Banquise offers an array of poutine , ranging from La Originale ( see above ) to the meat - lovers version , the T - Rex ( hamburger meat , sausage , pepperoni , etc ... ) .	hamburger meat	neutral
La Banquise offers an array of poutine , ranging from La Originale ( see above ) to the meat - lovers version , the T - Rex ( hamburger meat , sausage , pepperoni , etc ... ) .	sausage	neutral
Who would 've thought cheese curds could taste so nice .	cheese curds	neutral
Total drunk people food though .	food	neutral
I sat in the patio area and it was really nice .	patio area	neutral
Phantom of the Opera is my all - time favorite musical and has been for some years now .	Phantom of the Opera	neutral
The sets and special effects are jaw - dropping as are the costumes .	sets	neutral
The sets and special effects are jaw - dropping as are the costumes .	costumes	neutral
The actors have great voices .	actors	neutral
The back area has 2 armchairs and a lounger which looks really comfy .	back	neutral
The back area has 2 armchairs and a lounger which looks really comfy .	lounger	neutral
Staffs are nice and friendly ...	Staffs	neutral
I expected the usually sports pub fare , but was pleasantly surprised by the menu and quick service .	menu	neutral
I expected the usually sports pub fare , but was pleasantly surprised by the menu and quick service .	service	neutral
We had Artichoke Dip , and the Stuffed Portabella , and both were very yummy .	Artichoke Dip	neutral
We had Artichoke Dip , and the Stuffed Portabella , and both were very yummy .	Stuffed Portabella	neutral
My boyfriend also got a juicy burger .	burger	neutral
I really enjoyed my margaritas while the BF enjoyed his beer special he got when ordering a burger .	margaritas	neutral
I really enjoyed my margaritas while the BF enjoyed his beer special he got when ordering a burger .	burger	neutral
I ordered the corn - beef hash eggs benedict and my boyfriend ordered the strawberry waffles .	corn - beef hash	neutral
Food was better than I expected !	Food	neutral
I give the taste and presentation of the food a 5-star , but since service was OK	food	neutral
I give the taste and presentation of the food a 5-star , but since service was OK	service	neutral
I give Mimi 's an overall	Mimi 's	neutral
To our surprise .... there is NO MORE FREE salad or soup and were surprised that they did n't change us for the bread and butter .	salad	neutral
To our surprise .... there is NO MORE FREE salad or soup and were surprised that they did n't change us for the bread and butter .	soup	neutral
To our surprise .... there is NO MORE FREE salad or soup and were surprised that they did n't change us for the bread and butter .	bread	neutral
My wife ordered the Alaskan Crab Legs ( Market price ) and I T - bone .	Alaskan Crab Legs	neutral
My guess , they will LOOSE business and the restaurant will be a complete failure .	restaurant	neutral
What you get as your meal looks even better than the pictures above their counter .	meal	neutral
( ie sauce , color , vegetables , etc )	sauce	neutral
But for the past year or so , my coworker and I marvel at how great the food looks when it comes from the kitchen .	food	neutral
But for the past year or so , my coworker and I marvel at how great the food looks when it comes from the kitchen .	kitchen	neutral
the quality of food reminded me how great China Wok is , so I jumped out to right this review .	food	neutral
My coworker exclusively gets General Tso 's Chicken ( this thing always looks amazing ! )	General	neutral
Value is always great ... we can get both of our lunches , i usually add an egg roll ( 75 cents ) and he usually gets a soda and it costs us around $ 12 for both of us .	egg roll	neutral
Quantity of food is also great .	food	neutral
As you can tell , I highly recommend this place .	place	neutral
The service is far worse than most stereotypical Asian late night restaurants but once you get past that , it 's good !	service	neutral
The food was very bland and our server barely ever bussed our table .	food	neutral
The food was very bland and our server barely ever bussed our table .	server	neutral
There was a lot of things that said " unavailable " at the buffet and when our server first asked us if we wanted to drink ( the second i pulled my chair out ..	server	neutral
wtf teach your chefs / servers customer service ...	chefs	neutral
wtf teach your chefs / servers customer service ...	servers	neutral
This is the message your staff is giving to clients .	staff	neutral
Which i spent a crap ton on a room due to spring training ( 3x the amount I pay in vegas for EXCELLENT rooms and free buffets ) .	rooms	neutral
Which i spent a crap ton on a room due to spring training ( 3x the amount I pay in vegas for EXCELLENT rooms and free buffets ) .	buffets	neutral
Some of the food was tolerable ( i m being nice to those of you that have a decent palate , nothing i have a desire or craving for again .	food	neutral
Some of the food was tolerable ( i m being nice to those of you that have a decent palate , nothing i have a desire or craving for again .	palate	neutral
I generally left disappointed and felt bad for the employees who seemed to have little to no support from management .	employees	neutral
Seemed very hostile and it was the least appealing environment	environment	neutral
We did n't have a long wait , about 20 minutes , during which my boyfriend got the Bloody Mary which was spicy and delicious .	Bloody Mary	neutral
We sat outside on the patio with great weather and enjoyed our drinks , his Bloody Mary and my Sparkling Blueberry Punch .	Bloody Mary	neutral
We ordered the okra as an appetizer that came with a white BBQ sauce that was delicious and tangy .	okra	neutral
We ordered the okra as an appetizer that came with a white BBQ sauce that was delicious and tangy .	white BBQ sauce	neutral
Our entrees came out and I was immediately surprised thinking that there would be a fair amount of Crab with mine and there was about a tablespoon scattered throughout the hollandaise sauce .	hollandaise sauce	neutral
The eggs , which should be poached with a runny yolk had runny whites and a fully cooked yolk .	eggs	neutral
When the second plate came out , the Benedict looked a little better	Benedict	neutral
The Crab and the hollandaise sauce were good , nothing spectacular .	Crab	neutral
The Crab and the hollandaise sauce were good , nothing spectacular .	hollandaise sauce	neutral
It also comes with potato cracklins which in my case was a roughly chopped potato and ended up being an entire half of potato that was not cooked all the way through .	potato	neutral
The waitress did not come back to check on the second plate but proceeded to drop the check without saying anything .	waitress	neutral
I tipped 20 % because I 'm a waitress too and know it was not her fault that the food was wrong .	food	neutral
Are you in the mood for a mediocre burger ? ?	burger	neutral
Then head on down to Fork & Burger ! !	Fork	neutral
The hamburger was just ..... meh .	hamburger	neutral
The menu says it 's hand packed , but it 's tasted like a pre formed and frozen burger you would buy at the grocery store .	menu	neutral
I also ordered jalape単o poppers which were still cold on the inside .	jalape単o poppers	neutral
Also , the fountain soda machine was behind the register , which makes me think refills are not free .	fountain soda machine	neutral
I ca n't really tell you about the food that night because it was gone by the time I would sit down	food	neutral
We started off with the jelly fish cold cuts platter and it went into assorted dishes such as steamed fish , roast pork , more seafood and veggies .	jelly fish	neutral
We started off with the jelly fish cold cuts platter and it went into assorted dishes such as steamed fish , roast pork , more seafood and veggies .	cold cuts platter	neutral
We started off with the jelly fish cold cuts platter and it went into assorted dishes such as steamed fish , roast pork , more seafood and veggies .	steamed fish	neutral
We started off with the jelly fish cold cuts platter and it went into assorted dishes such as steamed fish , roast pork , more seafood and veggies .	roast pork	neutral
Now dim sum , I can tell you more about .	dim sum	neutral
The casino itself does n't smell too smokey and did I mention that it opens at 10 am ?	casino	neutral
Sticky rice , turnip cake , pineapple bun with custard and with coconut , bbq pork buns ,	Sticky	neutral
Sticky rice , turnip cake , pineapple bun with custard and with coconut , bbq pork buns ,	turnip	neutral
the two staples of dim sum ( sew mai and hai gow ) and tripe , etc .	sew mai	neutral
the two staples of dim sum ( sew mai and hai gow ) and tripe , etc .	hai gow	neutral
The dim sum is always delish and even though we spent a good $ 35 dollars it was well worth it .	dim sum	neutral
Service was good considering it just opened for the day	Service	neutral
Overall , KJ is my fav dim sum place	KJ	neutral
Mediocre pizza .	pizza	neutral
The crust is thin , but not crispy or tasty at all .	crust	neutral
The sauce is overly sweet .	sauce	neutral
The cheese tastes like government surplus cheese used in school cafeterias .	cheese	neutral
The pepperoni is bland and tasteless .	pepperoni	neutral
Overall very average , maybe even below average pizza .	pizza	neutral
Maybe the calzones are better .	calzones	neutral
Phoenix , this is what you call good pizza ?	pizza	neutral
that 's not a review of this place !	place	neutral
Totally love this place ! ! !	place	neutral
Fresh food , super clean , great service , outdoor patio , bring your dog , easy parking , great prices , what else is there .	food	neutral
Fresh food , super clean , great service , outdoor patio , bring your dog , easy parking , great prices , what else is there .	service	neutral
Fresh food , super clean , great service , outdoor patio , bring your dog , easy parking , great prices , what else is there .	outdoor patio	neutral
Fresh food , super clean , great service , outdoor patio , bring your dog , easy parking , great prices , what else is there .	parking	neutral
Did I mention how fresh the food is ? ? ?	food	neutral
Please support this place so Chef Fernando can keep us well fed .	Chef	neutral
Please support this place so Chef Fernando can keep us well fed .	Fernando	neutral
The customer service in the deli department is impeccable .	customer service	neutral
The customer service in the deli department is impeccable .	deli	neutral
I also love that this location has organic vegetables to choose from on their salad bar .	salad bar	neutral
Nothing divides more people then who has the best Jamaican patties around .	Jamaican patties	neutral
Its kinda like who makes the best smart phones , burgers or even cars .	burgers	neutral
One of the big hitters has always been Allan 's Pastry Shop .	Pastry	neutral
This is the actual factory where the patties are made .	patties	neutral
The thing that sets them apart from the competition is the shell .	shell	neutral
The shells by Allan 's are more of a pastry shell .	shells	neutral
The shells by Allan 's are more of a pastry shell .	Allan 's	neutral
Soft layered buttery shells that really stand out from any other patty maker out there .	shells	neutral
Allan 's also has a good variety of patties as they have regular and spicy beef , chicken , vegetarian and even curry goat which you rarely see .	regular	neutral
Allan 's also has a good variety of patties as they have regular and spicy beef , chicken , vegetarian and even curry goat which you rarely see .	spicy beef	neutral
Allan 's also has a good variety of patties as they have regular and spicy beef , chicken , vegetarian and even curry goat which you rarely see .	chicken	neutral
Allan 's also has a good variety of patties as they have regular and spicy beef , chicken , vegetarian and even curry goat which you rarely see .	vegetarian	neutral
Allan 's also has a good variety of patties as they have regular and spicy beef , chicken , vegetarian and even curry goat which you rarely see .	curry	neutral
A good Ramen spot .	Ramen spot	neutral
It may not be the best , but if you 're in the area and do n't wanna drive all the way down to China town , I recommend this place .	place	neutral
Tortilla soup with flour tortillas on the side , shrimp tacos , and mahi - mahi grilled fish tacos .	flour tortillas	neutral
Tortilla soup with flour tortillas on the side , shrimp tacos , and mahi - mahi grilled fish tacos .	shrimp tacos	neutral
We each the house specialty charro beans .	charro beans	neutral
Nice place to relax by the lake , sip a great hot or iced coffee and enjoy some terrific cheesecake while reading a good book or doing some work on the laptop .	place	neutral
Nice place to relax by the lake , sip a great hot or iced coffee and enjoy some terrific cheesecake while reading a good book or doing some work on the laptop .	cheesecake	neutral
The girlfriend and I just ate there tonight and like the other reviewers , had a wonderful pho dinner and lemongrass pork belly appetizer .	pho dinner	neutral
The girlfriend and I just ate there tonight and like the other reviewers , had a wonderful pho dinner and lemongrass pork belly appetizer .	lemongrass pork belly appetizer	neutral
We could n't decide between the spicy beef pho or the filet mignon pho but both of us decided on the spicy beef which was definitely the best we 've had in Charlotte ...	spicy beef pho	neutral
We could n't decide between the spicy beef pho or the filet mignon pho but both of us decided on the spicy beef which was definitely the best we 've had in Charlotte ...	filet mignon pho	neutral
We could n't decide between the spicy beef pho or the filet mignon pho but both of us decided on the spicy beef which was definitely the best we 've had in Charlotte ...	spicy beef	neutral
even enjoyed it more than Viet Thai , which we love .	Viet Thai	neutral
The service was so friendly and attentive and the lady who owns the place was sweet enough to give us a sample of the filet mignon pho since we had such a hard time choosing between that and the spicy beef .	service	neutral
The service was so friendly and attentive and the lady who owns the place was sweet enough to give us a sample of the filet mignon pho since we had such a hard time choosing between that and the spicy beef .	filet mignon pho	neutral
The service was so friendly and attentive and the lady who owns the place was sweet enough to give us a sample of the filet mignon pho since we had such a hard time choosing between that and the spicy beef .	spicy beef	neutral
That too was delicious but a bit less on the savory /richness side ( probably because of the beef shank in the spicy beef pho ) but was delicious as well ...	spicy beef pho	neutral
The people behind the counter are very nice .	people	neutral
The gelato is delicious .	gelato	neutral
Try Dark Chocolate and Peanut Butter together ,	Dark Chocolate	neutral
Try Dark Chocolate and Peanut Butter together ,	Peanut Butter	neutral
The young lady over the phone was very rude , and did not seem to care about any questions I had about their new restaurant , or if I wanted to make a reservation .	restaurant	neutral
I will never eat at this establishment ever again ... and from what I 've read on other reviews it does nt seem to be doing as well as the previous location .	establishment	neutral
I have done nothing but speak highly of this restaurant , and will stop doing so as of today .	restaurant	neutral
Do n't waist your time here at Lotus of Siam .	Lotus of Siam	neutral
Portion sizes have gotten smaller and prices have gotten higher ..	Portion sizes	neutral
All because of fancy decor ?	decor	neutral
Can not say enough good things about this lovely gelato place !	gelato place	neutral
From the interior decor to the sweet and charming owners , this is what downtown Matthews ( and Charlotte for that matter ) was missing .	interior decor	neutral
From the interior decor to the sweet and charming owners , this is what downtown Matthews ( and Charlotte for that matter ) was missing .	owners	neutral
This authentic gelato is so delicious and well worth the price tag .	gelato	neutral
Food is usually of very high quality for the money .	Food	neutral
Service is always friendly and quick .	Service	neutral
There is something for everyone on the menu .	menu	neutral
I often order delivery from this awesome place .	place	neutral
It 's quite pricey but the signature rolls are huge and made with fresh ingredients .	signature rolls	neutral
It 's quite pricey but the signature rolls are huge and made with fresh ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
I occasionally get some smaller rolls .	rolls	neutral
I 'd mention the food , staff or ambiance of the establishment	food	neutral
I 'd mention the food , staff or ambiance of the establishment	staff	neutral
I 'd mention the food , staff or ambiance of the establishment	ambiance	neutral
I 'd mention the food , staff or ambiance of the establishment	establishment	neutral
Portions were a lot less than you 'd expect for these prices even considering the king west address .	Portions	neutral
For example , a basic salad is 9 bucks before adding a protein which is another 5 bucks ... in what world is a handful of iceberg worth 9 bones ?	salad	neutral
taste was bland , uninspired .	taste	neutral
Hot sauce was actually just red coloured water , very strange was hoping the extra kick would salvage things , no luck .	Hot sauce	neutral
The portions were satisfying and delicious .	portions	neutral
Best Subs in the Morningside Area .	Subs	neutral
Chubbys is a great place to grab a sub on the go .	Chubbys	neutral
The daily specials are fantastic with a good variety of subs at a great price .	daily specials	neutral
The daily specials are fantastic with a good variety of subs at a great price .	subs	neutral
I get the chicken variants .	chicken variants	neutral
The one thing that brings me back is the fact that the chicken is a real solid piece of meat .	chicken	neutral
Unlike its popular competitors , where the chicken " patties " all have the same shape , mushy consistency , and identical char marks .	chicken " patties	neutral
These guys give you a good portion of real meat nicely seasoned .	meat	neutral
My only con is that the pre cooked meats are microwaved .	meats	neutral
That said would recommend getting a good amount of sauce , so the sub does n't turn out too dry .	sauce	neutral
That said would recommend getting a good amount of sauce , so the sub does n't turn out too dry .	sub	neutral
The ingredients are your typical assortment .	ingredients	neutral
Multiple sauces to choose .	sauces	neutral
Overall for the price and the food great place to get a sub .	food	neutral
I really like this place , no matter the location the food and service is always consistent .	place	neutral
I really like this place , no matter the location the food and service is always consistent .	location	neutral
I really like this place , no matter the location the food and service is always consistent .	food	neutral
I really like this place , no matter the location the food and service is always consistent .	service	neutral
Their meatball sub is amazing !	meatball sub	neutral
full of flavor and the meatball to sub ratio is on point .	meatball to sub ratio	neutral
The steak and cheese sandwich is okay ,	steak and cheese sandwich	neutral
i do n't like they use canned mushrooms but that is my only complaint with that sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
I have also tried their club and i was skeptical at first because it 's not the traditional way a club sandwich comes	club	neutral
They have a variety of sauces on the counter for you to put on your sandwiches which is nice and the cherry lime aid and fresh limes to add is a nice touch .	sauces	neutral
They have a variety of sauces on the counter for you to put on your sandwiches which is nice and the cherry lime aid and fresh limes to add is a nice touch .	cherry lime aid	neutral
They have a variety of sauces on the counter for you to put on your sandwiches which is nice and the cherry lime aid and fresh limes to add is a nice touch .	fresh limes	neutral
After many , many failed restaurants at this location over the past decade , I truly feel that Bernard 's is the perfect place for this location to be successful !	Bernard	neutral
Why do you ask , because the food was FANTASTIC !	food	neutral
The attention to detail you get here , from any appetizer , to entree , to desert is an experience you would expect from paying hundreds of dollars at a fine French restaurant on LV Strip .	appetizer	neutral
The attention to detail you get here , from any appetizer , to entree , to desert is an experience you would expect from paying hundreds of dollars at a fine French restaurant on LV Strip .	entree	neutral
I swear , I was so happy with this quaint locals place that I know I will be back many , many times !	place	neutral
This place is the best .	place	neutral
Great staff , wonderful atmosphere & amazing food .	staff	neutral
Great staff , wonderful atmosphere & amazing food .	atmosphere	neutral
Great staff , wonderful atmosphere & amazing food .	food	neutral
Thanks Roger .	Roger	neutral
This is a great go - to for a beautifully cooked steak .	steak	neutral
Service is great and you can definitely tell The Keg takes the time to properly train their staff .	Service	neutral
Service is great and you can definitely tell The Keg takes the time to properly train their staff .	Keg	neutral
Service is great and you can definitely tell The Keg takes the time to properly train their staff .	staff	neutral
The only reason I ca n't award 5 stars is due to the appetizer I had .	appetizer	neutral
The tuna tartare is one to skip .	tuna tartare	neutral
Tasteless with wayyyyyyy too much avocado and the tuna tasted as if it had been frozen .	avocado	neutral
Tasteless with wayyyyyyy too much avocado and the tuna tasted as if it had been frozen .	tuna	neutral
Kelly 's is my favorite bar in OldTown .	Kelly 's	neutral
I just love the ambiance and the decor .	ambiance	neutral
I just love the ambiance and the decor .	decor	neutral
The outside tree with the lights on it is so fun !	outside tree	neutral
The bartenders and managers are all great too .	bartenders	neutral
The bartenders and managers are all great too .	managers	neutral
Cake was so moist and delicious !	Cake	neutral
Retro deserves an A++ !	Retro	neutral
My daughter loved her cake and cupcakes !	cake	neutral
My daughter loved her cake and cupcakes !	cupcakes	neutral
Thank you Retro Bakery !	Retro	neutral
Thank you Retro Bakery !	Bakery	neutral
Why have I been wasting all this time and money at Giant Eagle for so many years ?	Giant Eagle	neutral
Seriously , I just kept walking down the aisles picking up my regular items ( Almond Milk , Grapefruit , Chicken , Turkey ) and silently chanting screw Giant Eagle !	Chicken	neutral
These items were so so cheap !	items	neutral
Even things like the environment was different .	environment	neutral
The workers seemed happy , which means it must be a pretty healthy work environment .	environment	neutral
The store also had a really great prepared foods section , which I 'd heard rumors of , but will experience myself when I make my delicious polenta and veggies pre - made meal .	prepared foods	neutral
The store also had a really great prepared foods section , which I 'd heard rumors of , but will experience myself when I make my delicious polenta and veggies pre - made meal .	polenta and veggies	neutral
They 've got a great drip coffee .	drip coffee	neutral
Excellent place !	place	neutral
Nice pub food kicked up a notch .	pub food	neutral
The beers are great .	beers	neutral
Nice outfit patio .	patio	neutral
I have taken home some outstanding growlers for a few parties as well .	growlers	neutral
I highly recommend this microbrew place !	microbrew place	neutral
I love a good ice cream sandwich , and this is the pinnacle .	ice cream sandwich	neutral
I love the circus animal ice cream .	circus animal ice cream	neutral
The staff is knowledgeable .	staff	neutral
Stewart was amazing and knowledge about the power bars and other items in the health section of the store .	Stewart	neutral
Stewart was amazing and knowledge about the power bars and other items in the health section of the store .	power	neutral
The Meat department will let you taste the meats before buying .	Meat	neutral
Bakery is awesome at explaining flavors and making cakes look awesome !	Bakery	neutral
Bakery is awesome at explaining flavors and making cakes look awesome !	cakes	neutral
This place might be pennies more then winco but the service is well worth more then a few pennies .	service	neutral
Love this place .	place	neutral
Seem to always be quite busy , the service was good and fast despite being quite packaed at lunch .	service	neutral
Food was good standard pub fare with a couple of twists .	Food	neutral
Today tried the Cuban style painini , I thought it was excellent , very tasty sandwich .	Cuban style painini	neutral
It a nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Esi provided great and speedy service .	service	neutral
I absolutely loved this place !	place	neutral
I ordered a whole lobster ( which my husband ate half ) and it was delicious .	lobster	neutral
In the past I 've been a frequent customer of Gus 's and always found the pizza to have a distinctive taste	pizza	neutral
My few visit in the past two months were n't pleasant , I 've encountered rude workers at the front counter who seem like I 'm making them go out of THEIR way to get my order , which is no more than a few steps away nonetheless .	front counter	neutral
Seriously , that 's how bad their customer service is .	customer service	neutral
The pizza has always been good in the past , but I 'm completely displeased by what I received today .	pizza	neutral
Half cold pizza , sorta warm around the crust , but in the middle was dead cold .	Half	neutral
Half cold pizza , sorta warm around the crust , but in the middle was dead cold .	pizza	neutral
I do n't want to know what other undercooked foods they 'll be serving me , if I could give this place no stars I would	foods	neutral
I do n't want to know what other undercooked foods they 'll be serving me , if I could give this place no stars I would	place	neutral
This place has hands down some of the best service around .	service	neutral
Thomas runs a tight ship and if you ever have any concerns or needs hit him up .	Thomas	neutral
Their burgers are to die for and I 'm excited to go back and try more dishes .	burgers	neutral
Their burgers are to die for and I 'm excited to go back and try more dishes .	dishes	neutral
Kirk is also an outstanding server , he remembered me and my girlfriend from my previous visit and always makes you feel important .	Kirk	neutral
Kirk is also an outstanding server , he remembered me and my girlfriend from my previous visit and always makes you feel important .	server	neutral
Love this place !	place	neutral
Sandwich for lunch and pizza for diner are perfect for me .	Sandwich	neutral
Sandwich for lunch and pizza for diner are perfect for me .	pizza for	neutral
All ingredients are so fresh out of the farm .	ingredients	neutral
This place is Old School Class .	place	neutral
The staff is Top Notch and they have been there a long time .	staff	neutral
That should tell you a lot about how the place is run .	place	neutral
5 Star Fine Dining without a Celebrity Chef and absolutely zero pretension .	Dining	neutral
5 Star Fine Dining without a Celebrity Chef and absolutely zero pretension .	Chef	neutral
This is not a " Place to see or be seen at .	Place	neutral
It 's just an outstanding restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
So the service is Top Notch .	service	neutral
The food is outstanding .	food	neutral
They have an all you can eat tartar night which is great because it allows you to try on their tartars .	all you can eat tartar night	neutral
They have an all you can eat tartar night which is great because it allows you to try on their tartars .	tartars	neutral
I rwally liked the salmon and the tuna .	salmon	neutral
I rwally liked the salmon and the tuna .	tuna	neutral
The rest were lacking taste which was disappointing since they advertise so much their tartar and it is a really chic place to go .	tartar	neutral
Nitro brew coffee was average , the avocado toast with smoked salmon was very good and fairly fresh , it could benefit from a dash of salt .	Nitro brew coffee	neutral
Nitro brew coffee was average , the avocado toast with smoked salmon was very good and fairly fresh , it could benefit from a dash of salt .	avocado toast with smoked salmon	neutral
The serving is pretty small and is probably enough for a small lunch	serving	neutral
The place is big but only has seating for 4 or more parties so tables fill up quickly .	place	neutral
Nicole is a very attentive waiter .	Nicole	neutral
Nicole is a very attentive waiter .	waiter	neutral
My favorite was keeping an eye on my ice tea .	ice tea	neutral
A talent that takes a waiter from just a server to exceptional waiter in my book !	waiter	neutral
A talent that takes a waiter from just a server to exceptional waiter in my book !	server	neutral
A talent that takes a waiter from just a server to exceptional waiter in my book !	waiter	neutral
Excellent food , great service casual and comfortable dining room .	food	neutral
Excellent food , great service casual and comfortable dining room .	service	neutral
Excellent food , great service casual and comfortable dining room .	dining room	neutral
Very cool entrance to this place and the comic theme with the art work is amazing .	place	neutral
Very cool entrance to this place and the comic theme with the art work is amazing .	comic theme with	neutral
Very cool entrance to this place and the comic theme with the art work is amazing .	art work	neutral
Food and service is good , dishes are tapas size so need 2 or 3 per person	Food	neutral
Food and service is good , dishes are tapas size so need 2 or 3 per person	service	neutral
Food and service is good , dishes are tapas size so need 2 or 3 per person	dishes	neutral
You judge them on the simplest dish ,	dish	neutral
This place could not even get their pad Thai right , as it more like some chewy noodles that were insipid .	pad Thai	neutral
I do n't understand why and how people can rate this place so highly , and all I can say is that I feel sorry for people who have yet to experience good Thai food .	place	neutral
I do n't understand why and how people can rate this place so highly , and all I can say is that I feel sorry for people who have yet to experience good Thai food .	Thai food	neutral
Service is usually quick and the food is always predictably good .	Service	neutral
Service is usually quick and the food is always predictably good .	food	neutral
My favorite cold brew in town !	cold brew	neutral
But during the week it is a great place to study and get work done .	place	neutral
There are plenty of plug ins and is a quiet atmosphere	plug	neutral
There are plenty of plug ins and is a quiet atmosphere	atmosphere	neutral
I ordered carryout and it was phenomenal .	carryout	neutral
Food was great and portions were large , came with salad and some delicious sesame bread .	Food	neutral
Food was great and portions were large , came with salad and some delicious sesame bread .	portions	neutral
Food was great and portions were large , came with salad and some delicious sesame bread .	sesame bread	neutral
As an Italian I appreciate the made from scratch alfredo sauce and the hospitality .	alfredo sauce	neutral
Stayed at the Paris and was crazing sushi .	sushi	neutral
Try the macha cheese cake !	macha	neutral
Try the macha cheese cake !	cheese cake	neutral
I wish my rating was based on their food & service .	food	neutral
I wish my rating was based on their food & service .	service	neutral
Probably one of my favorite all you can eat sushi restaurants in the valley !	all you can eat	neutral
Probably one of my favorite all you can eat sushi restaurants in the valley !	sushi	neutral
The store smells sooo bad	store	neutral
Iknow they have a lot of fish and meat counter	fish	neutral
Also there sushi and hot table are amazing for the price .	sushi	neutral
Also there sushi and hot table are amazing for the price .	hot table	neutral
Ca n't go wrong ... but the hot table is n't hot ....	hot table	neutral
I 'm in school for nutrition and we learned that food should n't be between 4 - 60 degrees	food	neutral
Sushi is great btw	Sushi	neutral
Thought the Shirley was delicious but the service left much to be desired .	Shirley	neutral
Thought the Shirley was delicious but the service left much to be desired .	service	neutral
The waitress seemed annoyed that I did n't know the routine ( have a seat at a table , they 'll serve you .	waitress	neutral
and there 's a giant counter with a register up front .	counter	neutral
The waitress seemed irritable .	waitress	neutral
The food was great .	food	neutral
They serve Pho with tripe and tendon ( and lots of it ) , the broth is flavourful and delicious , and there 's lots of meat and goodies in the soup !	Pho	neutral
They serve Pho with tripe and tendon ( and lots of it ) , the broth is flavourful and delicious , and there 's lots of meat and goodies in the soup !	broth	neutral
This ranks high in my hunt for the best Pho in Calgary !	Pho	neutral
Fun place to create & eat !	place	neutral
Ri was very pleasant & her customer service was above & beyond .	Ri	neutral
Ri was very pleasant & her customer service was above & beyond .	customer service	neutral
Breakfast on the Vegas Strip is not cheap .	Breakfast	neutral
We were drawn into Oceans One by their advertised breakfast special .	breakfast special	neutral
This place is popular because of their reasonable prices .	place	neutral
We were seated promptly with quick attention by wait staff .	wait staff	neutral
When we were finally served they brought bacon instead of ham and the toast seemed as if it had been reheated in the microwave .	toast	neutral
Excuse by wait staff was that the Florentine takes longer to cook .	Florentine	neutral
We were in Vegas for four days and did not return to this place .	place	neutral
Very good food .	food	neutral
Service can be slow ( usually is ) .	Service	neutral
Lost of landfill waste from food packaging - very 1980 's yet to catch up with environmental norms .	food	neutral
Want tasty food though this place is a fit	food	neutral
Want tasty food though this place is a fit	place	neutral
This place is absolutely sensational a great atmosphere and amazing selection on the menu .	place	neutral
This place is absolutely sensational a great atmosphere and amazing selection on the menu .	atmosphere	neutral
This place is absolutely sensational a great atmosphere and amazing selection on the menu .	menu	neutral
Staff were great with recommendations and really know their stuff .	Staff	neutral
Well worth the trip away from the strip if you are in Vegas and want fantastic food	food	neutral
Great service and awesome food .	service	neutral
Great service and awesome food .	food	neutral
Glad I picked this place over the others .	place	neutral
Always do build your own pizza .	pizza	neutral
Salad are fresh and flavorful .	Salad	neutral
Husband and I decided to try something different for dinner and were looking for fresh Indian - like food and discovered a gem in the rough .	Indian	neutral
Once you get beyond the strip mall location and leave any preconceived notion of Indian / Pakistani food at the door , you will be rewarded with a fantastic culinary experience .	Indian /	neutral
Once you get beyond the strip mall location and leave any preconceived notion of Indian / Pakistani food at the door , you will be rewarded with a fantastic culinary experience .	Pakistani food	neutral
Once you get beyond the strip mall location and leave any preconceived notion of Indian / Pakistani food at the door , you will be rewarded with a fantastic culinary experience .	culinary	neutral
We opted for the dinner buffet , which gave us a great variety of some fantastic Indian - Pakistani fare .	dinner buffet	neutral
We opted for the dinner buffet , which gave us a great variety of some fantastic Indian - Pakistani fare .	Indian - Pakistani fare	neutral
All the chicken dishes were excellent , naan was some of the best I 've had , spinach and lentils were also great .	chicken dishes	neutral
All the chicken dishes were excellent , naan was some of the best I 've had , spinach and lentils were also great .	naan	neutral
All the chicken dishes were excellent , naan was some of the best I 've had , spinach and lentils were also great .	spinach	neutral
All the chicken dishes were excellent , naan was some of the best I 've had , spinach and lentils were also great .	lentils	neutral
Staff were friendly and took requests for items not offered in the buffet .	Staff	neutral
Great value for great food .	food	neutral
Whatever they were eating must not have been pho , because the broth sucked .	broth	neutral
Everything they say about the Chandelier Bar is true .	Chandelier Bar	neutral
Check out all three levels since each has their very own hand - crafted cocktails .	cocktails	neutral
The room was fantastic , the view stunning , and the books scattered throughout the suite to peruse were perfect .	room	neutral
The room was fantastic , the view stunning , and the books scattered throughout the suite to peruse were perfect .	view	neutral
And the hotel itself is an extension of all of the above but with a completely different and heightened energy .	hotel	neutral
The East Tower pool is gon na be THE place to be in the spring and summer .	East Tower pool	neutral
Did n't have a bad meal anywhere and we ate just about everywhere .	meal	neutral
Finally , and most importantly , the staff to a soul were fantastic , helpful , and fun .	staff	neutral
Thank god the current construction era ended with on a perfect note : The Cosmopolitan .	Cosmopolitan	neutral
The food is excellent , the employees are so helpful and nice .	food	neutral
The food is excellent , the employees are so helpful and nice .	employees	neutral
Love this place ! !	place	neutral
Burger / sandwich was n't that good .	Burger / sandwich	neutral
Coleslaw was dry & bread was n't toasted .	Coleslaw	neutral
Coleslaw was dry & bread was n't toasted .	bread	neutral
It was just a mess of unimpressive cheap food .	food	neutral
The atmosphere of the restaurant was beautiful , and the servers were very friendly .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere of the restaurant was beautiful , and the servers were very friendly .	servers	neutral
Outstanding food and service !	food	neutral
Outstanding food and service !	service	neutral
I highly recommend this place .	place	neutral
Was n't impressed with my avocado toast it was very cold and coffee was okay .	avocado toast	neutral
Was n't impressed with my avocado toast it was very cold and coffee was okay .	coffee	neutral
It has cheap dishes but this does nt mean the quality of food is bad .	dishes	neutral
It has cheap dishes but this does nt mean the quality of food is bad .	food	neutral
Standard viet restaurant with the standard pho , vermicelli , rice , etc that you would typically find at vietnamese places .	pho	neutral
Standard viet restaurant with the standard pho , vermicelli , rice , etc that you would typically find at vietnamese places .	vermicelli	neutral
Standard viet restaurant with the standard pho , vermicelli , rice , etc that you would typically find at vietnamese places .	rice	neutral
We each ordered the chicken vermicelli with spring which was about $ 8 .	chicken vermicelli with spring	neutral
The dish was again standard although there was a bit too much fat on the chicken and there was n't a lot of meat or vegetable on the top either .	dish	neutral
The dish was again standard although there was a bit too much fat on the chicken and there was n't a lot of meat or vegetable on the top either .	chicken	neutral
Service was alright .	Service	neutral
I see a recent name change but not sure that helps with the food .	food	neutral
Food still needs work since has that frozen taste .	Food	neutral
Happy hour is ok but specials are still not what they use to be .	Happy hour	neutral
Happy hour is ok but specials are still not what they use to be .	specials	neutral
If you want typical bar food your at the right place .	bar food	neutral
If you want typical bar food your at the right place .	place	neutral
And have to say fix the bar tables from wobbling .	bar tables	neutral
While it 's not fancy , the burger patty was fresh and homemade .	burger patty	neutral
The O rings were clearly homemade and delicious .	O rings	neutral
I ca n't help but think if more Clarksonians frequent his place it 'll be a great spot to go .	spot	neutral
I give an honest 4 stars , but I love kitchy diners .	diners	neutral
This place has serious potential .	place	neutral
The nonsense started with our waitress .	waitress	neutral
The cashier did not take our drink orders when we paid for our meal .	cashier	neutral
We were seated fairly quick for a Sunday night , waited for several minutes for our waitress to make her way over to our table .	waitress	neutral
The problem was no one in my family actually enjoyed the meal at all .	meal	neutral
The food was fresh and seasonal , and the service was so friendly and accommodating to our family ( which includes 3 kids ) .	food	neutral
The wine selection ( we drank what the waitress suggested as pairings for our food ) was delicious and our waitress was very helpful in navigating our need for gluten - free .	wine selection	neutral
The wine selection ( we drank what the waitress suggested as pairings for our food ) was delicious and our waitress was very helpful in navigating our need for gluten - free .	waitress	neutral
The homemade salsas / sauces on the table were divine ( I suggest ordering fries to dip into all of the choices ! ) .	homemade salsas	neutral
There 's ample parking and its a fairly small restaurant which means good noise control and less people to fuss and awe over the baby .	restaurant	neutral
There 's ample parking and its a fairly small restaurant which means good noise control and less people to fuss and awe over the baby .	noise	neutral
I ordered the french toast with bacon and hash browns .	french	neutral
The nice thing is that they give you A LOT of food for cheap .	food	neutral
The not so nice thing is that the food is not seasoned at all .	food	neutral
Also , the bathrooms are not the cleanest and not baby equipped .	bathrooms	neutral
Overall , I would come back for a quick cheap meal if i m in the area .	meal	neutral
This place is great .	place	neutral
Kind of an old school atmosphere with excellent service to match .	atmosphere	neutral
Kind of an old school atmosphere with excellent service to match .	service	neutral
The food was unpretentious and delicious .	food	neutral
About $ 50 for main , dessert , and a carafe of wine , for two .	main	neutral
About $ 50 for main , dessert , and a carafe of wine , for two .	dessert	neutral
It was a nice warm summer evening ... sipping some white wine in the front patio and people / car watching in Yorkville was enjoyable !	front patio	neutral
I have yet try the food from the kitchen yet ... or that amazing BACK Patio !	kitchen	neutral
I have yet try the food from the kitchen yet ... or that amazing BACK Patio !	BACK Patio	neutral
But no lunch specials ?	lunch	neutral
that 's sounded more like my kind of place ! !	place	neutral
Sushi was mediocre at very very best .	Sushi	neutral
Not one to usually complain about price at all as I can afford to pay for good food but honestly it was a rip !	food	neutral
Girlfriend and I had 2 rolls off there " specialty rolls " section that were both $ 15 each .	specialty rolls	neutral
Sushi from any local sushi go around is better !	Sushi	neutral
All in all we spent $ 48 before tip on 2 rolls , girlfriend had a Kirin light and 2 hot sakes .	rolls	neutral
All in all we spent $ 48 before tip on 2 rolls , girlfriend had a Kirin light and 2 hot sakes .	Kirin	neutral
All in all we spent $ 48 before tip on 2 rolls , girlfriend had a Kirin light and 2 hot sakes .	sakes	neutral
If you like ' fish and chips ' , one of the only redeeming dishes to have emerged from English cuisine , than you will love the salt and pepper cod ( or shrimp ) at HK Star on Jones and Spring Mountain .	salt and pepper cod	neutral
Though the ambience and several of their dishes leave something to be desired , there are some redeeming items on the menu .	ambience	neutral
Though the ambience and several of their dishes leave something to be desired , there are some redeeming items on the menu .	dishes	neutral
Two such gems include the aforementioned ' salt and pepper cod ' ( $ 6 .	salt and pepper cod	neutral
95 lunch , $ 9 . 95 dinner ) and ' salt and pepper shrimp ' ( $ 6 .	salt and pepper shrimp	neutral
The ' salt ' description rings true as well , though they have successfully managed to not go overboard with it .	salt	neutral
I could n't pick a favorite between the two options , as the cod is flaky and moist and the shrimp are plump and snappy .	cod	neutral
I could n't pick a favorite between the two options , as the cod is flaky and moist and the shrimp are plump and snappy .	shrimp	neutral
These are certainly the best two items on the menu , and you wo n't miss the ' chips ' at all .	chips	neutral
The sauteed vegetables ( $ 5 .	sauteed vegetables	neutral
95 dinner ) come with a nice variety of mushrooms , one of which is kind of chewy and sponge like .	mushrooms	neutral
Pass on the Kung Pao cod ( $ 9 . 95 ) as the only flavors emerging from the blonde sauce come from the peanuts and MSG .	Kung Pao cod	neutral
Pass on the Kung Pao cod ( $ 9 . 95 ) as the only flavors emerging from the blonde sauce come from the peanuts and MSG .	blonde sauce	neutral
The scene is a hurried and the staff are not entirely friendly , but for the prices of those fried morsels I 'm willing to tolerate a less than stellar overall experience .	staff	neutral
The scene is a hurried and the staff are not entirely friendly , but for the prices of those fried morsels I 'm willing to tolerate a less than stellar overall experience .	fried	neutral
Come in with low expectations ( with the exception of the salt and pepper selections ) and you will leave satisfied .	salt and pepper selections	neutral
Do n't go to Top Sushi .	Sushi	neutral
There 's a standard to sushi , and that 's fresh raw fish without a brick of rice under it .	sushi	neutral
There 's a standard to sushi , and that 's fresh raw fish without a brick of rice under it .	raw fish	neutral
I ordered the Salmon Sushi Set for takeout and to be fair , the sushi was decent .	Salmon	neutral
I ordered the Salmon Sushi Set for takeout and to be fair , the sushi was decent .	sushi	neutral
And now I remember why I pay more for good sushi .	sushi	neutral
Lesson of the day kids ; pay more for good sushi .	sushi	neutral
I recently went here excited to eat all the delicious food and drink their unique cocktails ... and was really disappointed .	cocktails	neutral
there was a full list of different seasonal cocktails to choose from .	cocktails	neutral
At least I can still get my sliders !	sliders	neutral
I scoured the menu ...	menu	neutral
no pretzel bun sliders in sight .	pretzel bun sliders	neutral
I ended up getting their pot roast , served over mashed potatoes , and their raspberry salad .	pot	neutral
The pot roast did n't look appetizing , but it was delicious !	pot roast	neutral
I filled up on it pretty quick - it was a huge portion !	portion	neutral
Sadly for the salad , I was way too full from the pot roast to enjoy it much .	salad	neutral
From what I did have , the salad was equally delicious .	salad	neutral
The food was good , I 'll give them that .	food	neutral
There was also a live band playing which was pretty nice .	live band	neutral
There is nothing drawing me to this place anymore , so	place	neutral
I know it 's hard to find a 5-star restaurant in Vegas .	restaurant	neutral
Service can easily get subpar due to the never - ending crowd and wherever you go , the decors always seem a little clich辿d and repetitive .	Service	neutral
Service can easily get subpar due to the never - ending crowd and wherever you go , the decors always seem a little clich辿d and repetitive .	crowd	neutral
Service can easily get subpar due to the never - ending crowd and wherever you go , the decors always seem a little clich辿d and repetitive .	decors	neutral
We went with the chef 's tasting menu , which brought us plenty of 5-star dishes including the foie gras br短l辿e , the chilled maine lobster with pumpkin flan and the herb - crusted lamb saddle .	chef 's tasting menu	neutral
We went with the chef 's tasting menu , which brought us plenty of 5-star dishes including the foie gras br短l辿e , the chilled maine lobster with pumpkin flan and the herb - crusted lamb saddle .	foie gras br短l辿e	neutral
We went with the chef 's tasting menu , which brought us plenty of 5-star dishes including the foie gras br短l辿e , the chilled maine lobster with pumpkin flan and the herb - crusted lamb saddle .	chilled maine lobster with pumpkin flan	neutral
We went with the chef 's tasting menu , which brought us plenty of 5-star dishes including the foie gras br短l辿e , the chilled maine lobster with pumpkin flan and the herb - crusted lamb saddle .	herb	neutral
The chef is not afraid of creating bold flavors and everything was spot on delicious !	chef	neutral
My boyfriend would definitely recommend the big 6-course tasting menu .	6-course tasting menu	neutral
But if you are scared of overindulgence like I do , go  la carte and make sure you get those 3 dishes I mentioned .	dishes	neutral
Living in California is awesome , but living without foie gras sucks .	foie gras	neutral
So I went to Vegas hoping that I could have a little treat , but I did not expect to have the BEST mousse - like preparation of foie gras I 've ever experienced .	foie gras	neutral
Used to be the best croissant and bread that you could find in the neighbourhood .	croissant	neutral
Used to be the best croissant and bread that you could find in the neighbourhood .	bread	neutral
If you happen to be visiting in one of the good days , you 'll have one of the best croissants that you can find around the city .	croissants	neutral
Their bread , sweets and pies are also pretty good .	bread	neutral
Their bread , sweets and pies are also pretty good .	sweets	neutral
Their bread , sweets and pies are also pretty good .	pies	neutral
The only Greek place that knows how to do it right .	Greek place	neutral
Their lamb is also one of the better I 've had from restaurants	lamb	neutral
Great food and service every time I 've been there .	food	neutral
Great food and service every time I 've been there .	service	neutral
Portions are generous , and they even gave us extra rice to take home with our leftovers .	Portions	neutral
The desolation of this restaurant in an otherwise bustling downtown area of Montreal on a radiant Friday night was a bad omen .	restaurant	neutral
The soup was unpleasantly sour and pungent .	soup	neutral
The curry was diluted and bland .	curry	neutral
From start to finish , the meal was tragically unappetizing .	meal	neutral
Despite being the sole patrons , service was subpar and lackadaisical .	service	neutral
I strongly caution against this ill - advised restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Love this place !	place	neutral
The delivery is n't very fast ( 45 - 60 min ) .	delivery	neutral
The food is great and the prices are reasonable .	food	neutral
Their combos are definitely my favorite .	combos	neutral
They come with a large variety of delicious sushi and sashimi although they make their sushi slightly too fat so they often break .	sushi	neutral
They come with a large variety of delicious sushi and sashimi although they make their sushi slightly too fat so they often break .	sashimi	neutral
They come with a large variety of delicious sushi and sashimi although they make their sushi slightly too fat so they often break .	sushi	neutral
-They offered free Margaritas upon check - in with Yelp .	Margaritas	neutral
The decor is beautiful and warm .	decor	neutral
The plates are too die for !	plates	neutral
You could tell they recently opened because the wait staff seemed like they were still getting the hang of things	wait staff	neutral
The menu was kind of blah .	menu	neutral
but it was a pretty standard menu .	menu	neutral
I love the five spice beef soup .	five spice beef soup	neutral
Really enjoy the food and atmosphere here .	food	neutral
Really enjoy the food and atmosphere here .	atmosphere	neutral
I tell our server who gets the manager and he apologizes and comps both our meals .	server	neutral
The food is very mediocre and I 'm pretty sure me and my wife both deserve to have the runs we 're currently suffering through .	food	neutral
Let 's Be Frank is a super cool place to go for a decked - out hot dog .	hot dog	neutral
I shared the small chili cheese fries , a pound of chicken wings , Tiajuana Danger Dog and the Korean BBQ hot dog with my SO .	small chili cheese fries	neutral
I shared the small chili cheese fries , a pound of chicken wings , Tiajuana Danger Dog and the Korean BBQ hot dog with my SO .	Tiajuana Danger Dog	neutral
I shared the small chili cheese fries , a pound of chicken wings , Tiajuana Danger Dog and the Korean BBQ hot dog with my SO .	Korean BBQ hot dog	neutral
( I have NO idea how ) because the portions were pretty generous .	portions	neutral
The Tiajuana Danger dog was wrapped in bacon , deep friend , and topped with guacamole and shredded cheese .	Tiajuana Danger dog	neutral
It was good , but the real MVP was the Korean BBQ dog .	Korean BBQ dog	neutral
The hotdogs were delicious , but if they had lightly toasted the bun , it would 've taken it	hotdogs	neutral
The hotdogs were delicious , but if they had lightly toasted the bun , it would 've taken it	bun	neutral
The chicken wings could have been better .	chicken wings	neutral
Sure they came with ranch dip , celery and carrots but those wings were the weakest link .	wings	neutral
the chilli cheese fries were ... well MASSIVE !	chilli cheese fries	neutral
The cheese sauce tasted quite sweet ...	cheese sauce	neutral
Our waitress was pretty awesome .	waitress	neutral
If you decide to come here , stick with the hot dogs and try the fried chicken .	hot dogs	neutral
If you decide to come here , stick with the hot dogs and try the fried chicken .	fried chicken	neutral
This place was average at best .	place	neutral
While the place has a nice hotel resort like decor and the service was excellent , the rest of the place lacked .	decor	neutral
While the place has a nice hotel resort like decor and the service was excellent , the rest of the place lacked .	service	neutral
The oriental salad I ordered lacked presentation .	oriental salad	neutral
My husband got a seared tuna sandwich he said it was good , but lacked flavor .	seared tuna sandwich	neutral
The sauce was globbed onto the bread on one spot so one bite had mega flavor and the rest lacked .	sauce	neutral
I think the vibe is cool on a saturday after 8 pm .	vibe	neutral
Dj was fun with upbeat bass jams .	Dj	neutral
Dj was fun with upbeat bass jams .	bass	neutral
Food was good but not for the price .	Food	neutral
but i think guac is over priced for how much they served you as well As the mango margarita .	guac	neutral
but i think guac is over priced for how much they served you as well As the mango margarita .	mango margarita	neutral
Service was good .	Service	neutral
If they adjust their prices ... I would come back or try their happy hour	happy	neutral
Ordered Ravioli ( great )	Ravioli	neutral
the turkey chilli and the asparagus / egg / greens thingy again friend had the chilli and a warms greens salad .	turkey chilli	neutral
the turkey chilli and the asparagus / egg / greens thingy again friend had the chilli and a warms greens salad .	asparagus / egg / greens thingy	neutral
the turkey chilli and the asparagus / egg / greens thingy again friend had the chilli and a warms greens salad .	chilli	neutral
the turkey chilli and the asparagus / egg / greens thingy again friend had the chilli and a warms greens salad .	warms greens salad	neutral
The chilli could have been a little hotter , but that asparagus salad is sooo good , I forgave that immediately .	chilli	neutral
The chilli could have been a little hotter , but that asparagus salad is sooo good , I forgave that immediately .	asparagus salad	neutral
great little spot and a wonderful addition to our little town !	spot	neutral
It is a shock when you think , wow , what a great room rate until you add this on along with taxes .	room	neutral
I can get everything at another upscale hotel with breakfast for the same price or a little less !	breakfast	neutral
There are some fantastic hotels waiting .	hotels	neutral
So disappointed tonight about Venti .	Venti	neutral
Appetizers were cold and the pulp salad was not as good as it was last time we were there .	pulp salad	neutral
The waiter told us the chef they had since the beginning is gone to another restaurant ....	waiter	neutral
My favorite doughnut is the glazed Kreme filled , and I have been to this location on several occasions and they are out of it .	glazed Kreme filled	neutral
I 've noticed over the years these donuts have gotten smaller and smaller .	donuts	neutral
Also keep a bigger stock of glazed Kreme filled on hand .	glazed Kreme	neutral
The drive through at this location is convenient .	drive through	neutral
It is ok , the meat is a bit chewy , the broth was nice .	meat	neutral
It is ok , the meat is a bit chewy , the broth was nice .	broth	neutral
At $ 10 - 11 per bowl , it is pricey .	bowl	neutral
A little pricy , even for Downtown , but the food is good enough to eat here again .	food	neutral
We checked in on Yelp , and were awarded a free order of doughnut holes , and these turned out to be excellent .	doughnut	neutral
The bread is very good , a little savory and fresh .	bread	neutral
I had the Sweet Sausage & Fresh Linguine , which was cooked nicely with mushrooms and scallions .	Sweet Sausage	neutral
I had the Sweet Sausage & Fresh Linguine , which was cooked nicely with mushrooms and scallions .	Fresh Linguine	neutral
My son had the Salmon , which was also good .	Salmon	neutral
Seems like it 's a restaurant in search of an identity .	restaurant	neutral
Yes , the sandwiches here are a bit more pricey .	sandwiches	neutral
You can really taste the freshness of the ingredients , and the baguette bread is always good , with just the right amount of crunch to it .	ingredients	neutral
You can really taste the freshness of the ingredients , and the baguette bread is always good , with just the right amount of crunch to it .	baguette bread	neutral
I love trying their different sandwich options , as they switch up their menu based on what 's in season .	sandwich	neutral
I love trying their different sandwich options , as they switch up their menu based on what 's in season .	menu	neutral
Overall , 5 * for service , 5 * food , 4 * for value .	service	neutral
Overall , 5 * for service , 5 * food , 4 * for value .	food	neutral
Their $ 11 lunch buffet is amazing !	lunch buffet	neutral
Truly an amazing deal and you 're really getting wonderful food at such a great price .	food	neutral
The naan was fluffy , tasty , crispy , and just so scrumptious .	naan	neutral
The dishes that stood out for me were the Basmati Rice , Vegetable Korma ( vegetables in creamy sauce ) , Vegetable Samosa ( baked pastry with spiced potato mix ) , and Tandoori Chicken ( roasted chicken marinated with spices ) .	Basmati Rice	neutral
The dishes that stood out for me were the Basmati Rice , Vegetable Korma ( vegetables in creamy sauce ) , Vegetable Samosa ( baked pastry with spiced potato mix ) , and Tandoori Chicken ( roasted chicken marinated with spices ) .	Vegetable Korma	neutral
The dishes that stood out for me were the Basmati Rice , Vegetable Korma ( vegetables in creamy sauce ) , Vegetable Samosa ( baked pastry with spiced potato mix ) , and Tandoori Chicken ( roasted chicken marinated with spices ) .	vegetables in creamy sauce	neutral
The dishes that stood out for me were the Basmati Rice , Vegetable Korma ( vegetables in creamy sauce ) , Vegetable Samosa ( baked pastry with spiced potato mix ) , and Tandoori Chicken ( roasted chicken marinated with spices ) .	Vegetable Samosa	neutral
The dishes that stood out for me were the Basmati Rice , Vegetable Korma ( vegetables in creamy sauce ) , Vegetable Samosa ( baked pastry with spiced potato mix ) , and Tandoori Chicken ( roasted chicken marinated with spices ) .	Tandoori Chicken	neutral
My absolute favorite dish had to be the Chicken Makhani ( chicken in creamy tomato based gravy ) ;	Chicken Makhani	neutral
The naan , rice , and even the samosas !	naan	neutral
The naan , rice , and even the samosas !	rice	neutral
The naan , rice , and even the samosas !	samosas	neutral
I really liked the samosas as well because the pastry was extremely tasty and wonderfully crunchy .	samosas	neutral
I really liked the samosas as well because the pastry was extremely tasty and wonderfully crunchy .	pastry	neutral
The potato mixture inside was also delightful .	potato mixture	neutral
We also tried the Chicken Curry and Goat Curry , both prepared with the respective meats , tomatoes , and spices .	Chicken Curry	neutral
We also tried the Chicken Curry and Goat Curry , both prepared with the respective meats , tomatoes , and spices .	Goat Curry	neutral
Good , but overshadowed by the amazing Makhani !	Makhani	neutral
The Aloo Baingan ( eggplant with potatoes ) was tasty and prepared very well , but not something I loved .	Aloo Baingan	neutral
The Aloo Baingan ( eggplant with potatoes ) was tasty and prepared very well , but not something I loved .	eggplant with potatoes )	neutral
The last item I tried was the Chili Chicken ( chicken with garlic , green chili , and onion ) , but I did n't like it ; plus , it was way too spicy for me .	Chili Chicken	neutral
Service was really great too !	Service	neutral
This is seriously great food and I ca n't wait to go back !	food	neutral
exterior is really cute and my group was seated promptly .	exterior	neutral
Staff was really courteous and friendly .	Staff	neutral
The watermelon kiwi combo was weird to begin with and it went downhill with the lemonade .	watermelon kiwi combo	neutral
The watermelon kiwi combo was weird to begin with and it went downhill with the lemonade .	lemonade	neutral
Orange juice : definitely fresh and quite delicious !	Orange juice	neutral
Chicken and waffles : soft waffle , delicious chicken .	Chicken and waffles	neutral
Chicken and waffles : soft waffle , delicious chicken .	chicken	neutral
Definite recommend along with a side of chipotle cream sauce .	chipotle cream sauce	neutral
Farm scramble with sun dried tomato and goat cheese : yum , but sun dried tomato was a bit overpowering .	Farm scramble with	neutral
Farm scramble with sun dried tomato and goat cheese : yum , but sun dried tomato was a bit overpowering .	sun dried tomato and goat cheese	neutral
Farm scramble with sun dried tomato and goat cheese : yum , but sun dried tomato was a bit overpowering .	sun	neutral
Biscuit is nice and buttery .	Biscuit	neutral
Mashed potatoes were amazing !	Mashed potatoes	neutral
Very buttery , just the right consistency of chunky to smooth ... get this over the bland crispy potatoes .	crispy	neutral
Very buttery , just the right consistency of chunky to smooth ... get this over the bland crispy potatoes .	potatoes	neutral
Cobb salad : gigantic and yum !	Cobb salad	neutral
chicken was dry and oddly sweet , but they sure did n't skimp on the blue cheese and bacon !	chicken	neutral
chicken was dry and oddly sweet , but they sure did n't skimp on the blue cheese and bacon !	blue cheese	neutral
Fruit side : small and plain .	Fruit side	neutral
Most of the paths are clean except patches which are not completely insulated or as clean .	paths	neutral
I love this little market !	market	neutral
but I and boyfriend think Capriottis philly is better !	Capriottis	neutral
Meat was bland and not enough cheese to be a real hangover cure .	Meat	neutral
Meat was bland and not enough cheese to be a real hangover cure .	cheese	neutral
so she was excited to try this place out with me .	place	neutral
The place is small ( with a " patio " sorta ) , we chose to eat inside .	place	neutral
The place is small ( with a " patio " sorta ) , we chose to eat inside .	patio	neutral
It took about 10 minutes before we were greeted by our waitress .	waitress	neutral
My mother tried to ask for 1/2 grapefruit juice and 1/2 orange as her drink , the waitress glared at my mom like she was from outer space .	waitress	neutral
Our breakfast was blah .	breakfast	neutral
We were super excited to try the sweet potato tots and these were the biggest disappointment .	sweet potato tots	neutral
Come here for some eye rolls and bland food .	food	neutral
I loved their sushi !	sushi	neutral
I ordered the Chef 's Selection and it was worth the price and more .	Chef 's Selection	neutral
I am from New York so these prices are more than affordable for the quality of the sushi they serve .	sushi	neutral
The only reason I 'm not giving them 5 stars is because the service leaves much to be desired .	service	neutral
It took around five minutes for a server to approach the table and give us plates and water .	server	neutral
Obviously service could be improved significantly , we were kind of irritated by the wait time .	service	neutral
Obviously service could be improved significantly , we were kind of irritated by the wait time .	wait	neutral
The waiters were more concerned about bussing tables than taking our order .	waiters	neutral
I 'm giving this place a 3 because it is pretty cheap	place	neutral
-plates are $ 1 , $ 1 . 50 , $ 2 and the sushi is n't too bad .	sushi	neutral
The revolving sushi bar is fun to look at	revolving sushi bar	neutral
However , most of the items on it are not desirable like a fried onion roll ( what ? ) and a lot of imitation crab rolls , a lot of drinks , and peach cups .	fried onion roll	neutral
However , most of the items on it are not desirable like a fried onion roll ( what ? ) and a lot of imitation crab rolls , a lot of drinks , and peach cups .	imitation crab rolls	neutral
The paper menu is pretty extensive so most of what you get should be from there .	paper menu	neutral
The fish is n't the freshest but pretty good considering	fish	neutral
it 's pretty cheap for such large cuts of fish .	cuts	neutral
it 's pretty cheap for such large cuts of fish .	fish	neutral
Each sushi piece and roll however had WAY too much rice , as if they want you to get full faster .	sushi piece	neutral
Each sushi piece and roll however had WAY too much rice , as if they want you to get full faster .	roll	neutral
The unagi ( eel ) was good , white tuna was pretty yummy , and salmon was delicious .	unagi ( eel )	neutral
The unagi ( eel ) was good , white tuna was pretty yummy , and salmon was delicious .	white tuna	neutral
The unagi ( eel ) was good , white tuna was pretty yummy , and salmon was delicious .	salmon	neutral
The sweet shrimp was also surprisingly not bad .	sweet shrimp	neutral
The rolls do n't have descriptions on them , I blindly ordered a dragon roll which is basically an imitation crab roll with unagi on top .	rolls	neutral
The rolls do n't have descriptions on them , I blindly ordered a dragon roll which is basically an imitation crab roll with unagi on top .	dragon roll	neutral
Red snapper ( white fish ) was only $ 1 , it 's so cheap	Red snapper ( white fish )	neutral
Would have been 4/5 stars if the service was n't so slow .	service	neutral
The lamb burger is delicious and the fries were amazing .	lamb burger	neutral
The lamb burger is delicious and the fries were amazing .	fries	neutral
Great service and yummy food !	service	neutral
Great service and yummy food !	food	neutral
When we get our hearts set on something ( especially when it comes to food ) , there 's not much else that will make us happy .	food	neutral
Taco Gift Box and some Strawberry Skittles Freeze drinks as a surprise for some friends .	Taco	neutral
Steak size is huge ( even I ordered one of smallest fillet ) :	Steak	neutral
Over all , taste is fine	taste	neutral
But I liked waiter ( very kind ) and nice interior !	waiter	neutral
But I liked waiter ( very kind ) and nice interior !	interior	neutral
I do n't drink , but I LOVE coming to this pub .	pub	neutral
The food is great for a little pub , and the whole aura is great !	food	neutral
The food is great for a little pub , and the whole aura is great !	pub	neutral
The food is great for a little pub , and the whole aura is great !	aura	neutral
The inside is adorable , but I LOVE the covered patio .	covered patio	neutral
I only gave 4 stars because parking is major poop , but I suppose that comes with the area .	parking	neutral
I was seated rather quickly , and my waitress came over to take my order .	waitress	neutral
When it arrived , my waitress apologized for the long wait .	waitress	neutral
About 5 minutes after receiving my cold food , my waitress asked how everything was .	waitress	neutral
A bowl of soup should be the quickest turnaround on the menu , and Hopcat failed miserably .	bowl	neutral
Had a great coffee and a tasty biscuit whilst shattering from the rain .	coffee	neutral
Had a great coffee and a tasty biscuit whilst shattering from the rain .	biscuit	neutral
Atmosphere is good and there is decent wifi .	Atmosphere	neutral
Atmosphere is good and there is decent wifi .	wifi	neutral
Lots of space inside too as well as a terrace .	terrace	neutral
There is nothing redeeming about this place ....	place	neutral
It is authentic with wood floors , basic tables , etc .	wood floors	neutral
It is authentic with wood floors , basic tables , etc .	tables	neutral
The wait staff is friendly and efficient .	wait staff	neutral
The menu is light on health , low calorie options and rather heavy on burgers , fried foods and other breakfesty type of foods .	menu	neutral
The menu is light on health , low calorie options and rather heavy on burgers , fried foods and other breakfesty type of foods .	burgers	neutral
The menu is light on health , low calorie options and rather heavy on burgers , fried foods and other breakfesty type of foods .	fried foods	neutral
I had the house cured salmon , healthy enough , until you place it over two biscuits , add gravy over a bed of mashed potatos ( loaded with cream , I am betting)	house cured salmon	neutral
95 Banana and brown sugar pancake .	Banana and brown sugar pancake	neutral
Pancake was the size of the platter , just plain tasty .	Pancake	neutral
When I have my heart seizure , they will be pulling this meal out of my veins	meal	neutral
Hash House A	Hash	neutral
The obesity epidemic may well have started here , but the food is plentiful , honest and delicious	food	neutral
It may look simple on the outside , but the food is simple wonderful ! !	food	neutral
I have had their salads which wete fresh , and the Chicken Imperial is amazing ! !	salads	neutral
I have had their salads which wete fresh , and the Chicken Imperial is amazing ! !	Chicken Imperial	neutral
Chicken and broccoli that has been marinated .... so tender and so flavorful !	Chicken	neutral
Our new favorite place !	place	neutral
P. S. - And if you are on a diet , do n't even look at the desserts!@	desserts!@	neutral
When it comes to frozen treats , froyo would be the best option .	froyo	neutral
When it comes to froyo , I pretty much enjoy almost all Flavors and the toppings I can add .	froyo	neutral
When it comes to froyo , I pretty much enjoy almost all Flavors and the toppings I can add .	toppings	neutral
My favorite flavor is Nutella	Nutella	neutral
They have fewer flavors and toppings than other chains : fruits , chocolate bars , nuts , etc .	fruits	neutral
This location is small with only a few tables and chairs inside and outside but has always been clean the times I 've been here .	location	neutral
Something about this place just sucks and it definitely does n't taste the same .	place	neutral
And they overcharge here for the sandwiches .	sandwiches	neutral
Even my meat eating boyfriend loves this place .	place	neutral
We loved the music playing too .	music	neutral
The neighborhood is rough .	neighborhood	neutral
This is a great Publix !	Publix	neutral
and Nate was a big help !	Nate	neutral
Also Starbucks was fantastic and it just opened and it shows .	Starbucks	neutral
The staff at Starbucks & Publix were both amazing !	staff	neutral
The foods decent ...	foods	neutral
Great food , good for dates AND takeout !	food	neutral
Good happy hour deals and half off wine bottles on certain days .	wine bottles	neutral
Nice batter on the fried chicken , although some pieces did not taste nearly as good as others .	batter	neutral
Nice batter on the fried chicken , although some pieces did not taste nearly as good as others .	fried chicken	neutral
The free appetizers were great despite the small portions .	portions	neutral
The $ 4 for scattered pieces of fried rice cakes was a waste of money .	fried rice cakes	neutral
Service is mediocre .	Service	neutral
Pretty sure Zuma is the only place in Tempe with a consistent line out front .	line	neutral
Zuma Grill ?	Zuma	neutral
I took a spot at the bar and got a Skyy and Red Bull ( $ 4 all day ) and a menu .	Skyy and Red Bull	neutral
I was pleasantly surprised that the chicken was grilled ( I was anticipating deep fried " fingers " ) .	chicken	neutral
For 8 bucks , it was a satisfying lunch .	lunch	neutral
Zuma makes a decent lunch spot , and I 'm glad I gave it a shot .	Zuma	neutral
The ambiance is excellent .	ambiance	neutral
I loved the furniture , warmth , overall vibe .	furniture	neutral
I loved the furniture , warmth , overall vibe .	vibe	neutral
Service was very attentive and friendly .	Service	neutral
Food wise it was good but not great .	Food	neutral
ShinBay was a phenomenal in every way .	ShinBay	neutral
The ambience is almost " spa - like " - warm , quiet , relaxing , inviting , etc .	ambience	neutral
The service was excellent .	service	neutral
Most importantly , the food was exceptional .	food	neutral
We opted for the $ 125 tasting course and requested that the chef recommend wine pairings .	tasting course	neutral
We opted for the $ 125 tasting course and requested that the chef recommend wine pairings .	chef	neutral
Other reviewers have commented that the meal is expensive , but worth it .	meal	neutral
I agree , and would even say that compared to similarly priced meals in Scottsdale / Phoenix , this was a great value .	meals	neutral
The female blonde bartender tonight is pathetic .	female blonde bartender	neutral
Try to get service .	service	neutral
The ambience is nice and we always get great service but breakfasts are disappointing and not tasty at all .	ambience	neutral
The ambience is nice and we always get great service but breakfasts are disappointing and not tasty at all .	service	neutral
The ambience is nice and we always get great service but breakfasts are disappointing and not tasty at all .	breakfasts	neutral
I 've tried the crossaint with salmon and cheese and it was not good at all and my friend was not happy with her breakfast either .	crossaint with salmon and cheese	neutral
I 've tried the crossaint with salmon and cheese and it was not good at all and my friend was not happy with her breakfast either .	breakfast	neutral
I realized the chefs are all french but this is not close to the quality of breakfast we get in QC let alone France !	breakfast	neutral
a very large portion lol	portion	neutral
Terrible food and service .	food	neutral
Terrible food and service .	service	neutral
Every dish was disgusting and the staff ignored us continuously .	dish	neutral
Every dish was disgusting and the staff ignored us continuously .	staff	neutral
Love this place .	place	neutral
We got there and the hostess told us that she could seat us	hostess	neutral
Mike was our waiter and second to none .	Mike	neutral
I think a lot of people forget that servers are people too and they are n't your servants ( like other tables we 're treating him )	servers	neutral
and I could not have asked for a better server .	server	neutral
Mike was personable , kept the drinks flowing until happy hour was over and provided amazing service .	Mike	neutral
Mike was personable , kept the drinks flowing until happy hour was over and provided amazing service .	service	neutral
The food was delicious ( one of the best pizzas in Vegas ) and drinks were on point .	food	neutral
The food was delicious ( one of the best pizzas in Vegas ) and drinks were on point .	drinks	neutral
When I come back , I will most definitely visit the Grotto again .	Grotto	neutral
Great food , great drinks , and great people .	food	neutral
Great food , great drinks , and great people .	drinks	neutral
Great food , great drinks , and great people .	people	neutral
It 's in the middle of the golden nugget , so it 's convenient and has a great ambience .	ambience	neutral
Stop by and check it out - and remember , do n't be rude to your server .	server	neutral
This place is ok .	place	neutral
The service is pleasant and we were in and out within a half hour , which was more than enough time for us to eat and for me to drop my partner off at the airport for his flight to LV .	service	neutral
The pho broth is good , but it tastes more clear in comparison to the other pho places .	pho broth	neutral
We , also , ordered the vietnamese spring rolls , which were ok .	vietnamese spring rolls	neutral
Overall - this place is ok - but not particularly noteworthy	place	neutral
Typical variety on menu as expected of a Vietnamese restaurant .	menu	neutral
Order Pho and egg noodle soups .	egg	neutral
Portions and pricing are fair , given the location ; taste was satisfying .	Portions	neutral
Only minor annoyance is that the menu seems to be a bit dated as our bill prices did not perfectly match .	menu	neutral
In hindsight , can only guess that the vague scratching out of various menu prices meant prices increases were being indicated .	menu	neutral
We were so excited for this place .	place	neutral
Unfortunately , the pizza was just bad .	pizza	neutral
The wings also tasted like weird chicken nuggets .	wings	neutral
The down side is that they have a small variety of pastries and gelatos that are constantly changing so your favorites might not always be in .	pastries	neutral
The down side is that they have a small variety of pastries and gelatos that are constantly changing so your favorites might not always be in .	gelatos	neutral
4 star pastries and 5 star gelato! ... 4 strong stars in general !	pastries	neutral
4 star pastries and 5 star gelato! ... 4 strong stars in general !	gelato!	neutral
On any given day there will be 10 - 12 different gelato / ice cream / sorbet flavors to choose from .	gelato / ice cream / sorbet	neutral
Since their gelato case is rather small this are pretty cool options .	gelato case	neutral
All of the gelato flavors are not technically gelatos .	gelato	neutral
346 does n't really adhere to conventional standards for gelato vs. ice cream .	gelato	neutral
Their pastries are n't quite as strong as their frozen creations in my opinion .	pastries	neutral
Additionally , they do n't seem to approach the pastries with the same creative abandonment that they do with their frozen treats .	pastries	neutral
Additionally , they do n't seem to approach the pastries with the same creative abandonment that they do with their frozen treats .	treats	neutral
I recently very excited to try a ghost pepper croissant ...	ghost pepper croissant	neutral
the flavor was great , but the use of ghost pepper was peculiar ...	ghost pepper	neutral
You can regularly find cookies , tarts , macaroons and basque cakes ( LOVED the pastry cream - filled ) , but come early for their lovely croissants ... in fact come early or call to reserve any specific item you want because the supply is usually on the short side of demand ... a good issue for this small , literal , mom & pop place to have !	macaroons	neutral
You can regularly find cookies , tarts , macaroons and basque cakes ( LOVED the pastry cream - filled ) , but come early for their lovely croissants ... in fact come early or call to reserve any specific item you want because the supply is usually on the short side of demand ... a good issue for this small , literal , mom & pop place to have !	basque	neutral
You can regularly find cookies , tarts , macaroons and basque cakes ( LOVED the pastry cream - filled ) , but come early for their lovely croissants ... in fact come early or call to reserve any specific item you want because the supply is usually on the short side of demand ... a good issue for this small , literal , mom & pop place to have !	pastry	neutral
You can regularly find cookies , tarts , macaroons and basque cakes ( LOVED the pastry cream - filled ) , but come early for their lovely croissants ... in fact come early or call to reserve any specific item you want because the supply is usually on the short side of demand ... a good issue for this small , literal , mom & pop place to have !	croissants	neutral
You can regularly find cookies , tarts , macaroons and basque cakes ( LOVED the pastry cream - filled ) , but come early for their lovely croissants ... in fact come early or call to reserve any specific item you want because the supply is usually on the short side of demand ... a good issue for this small , literal , mom & pop place to have !	place	neutral
Additionally they offer several novelty toppings like torched house - made marshmallows and liquid nitrogen frozen mousse .	marshmallows	neutral
Additionally they offer several novelty toppings like torched house - made marshmallows and liquid nitrogen frozen mousse .	mousse	neutral
These are cool to experience , and the marshmallows seem to be a hit with marshmallow fans , but I can pass on the frozen mousse .	marshmallows	neutral
It may be a little on the high side for Vegas , but it certainly is n't over - priced ... and it is a little cheaper than what we face in larger cities with great food scenes .	food	neutral
Great atmosphere and friendly staff .	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere and friendly staff .	staff	neutral
The chicken is amazing !	chicken	neutral
It is juicy with a crisp skin and wondrful flavor .	skin	neutral
The pork chop is impressive and comes with a variety of fresh vegetable but the chicken is a hands down favorite .	pork chop	neutral
The pork chop is impressive and comes with a variety of fresh vegetable but the chicken is a hands down favorite .	vegetable	neutral
The pork chop is impressive and comes with a variety of fresh vegetable but the chicken is a hands down favorite .	chicken	neutral
The fried brussel sprouts are also good ... they pack a pungent flavor !	fried brussel sprouts	neutral
BTB is not a huge place but the vibe is very welcoming .	BTB	neutral
BTB is not a huge place but the vibe is very welcoming .	vibe	neutral
Menu can be a little difficult to see on the board but laminated menus are available too .	Menu	neutral
Menu can be a little difficult to see on the board but laminated menus are available too .	menus	neutral
But the " Latte " I added gave it a good amount of saltiness and helped with the sweetness !	Latte	neutral
Their " Latte " was very different from what I am typically used too .	Latte	neutral
2 pumps of sweetness almost felt like there was no sweetness , but the tea was still great .	tea	neutral
I am so sad this place is closed .	place	neutral
I wish I had frequented the place more , but I did not live nearby .	place	neutral
The food was excellent .	food	neutral
The rib eye was amazing and a bargain .	rib eye	neutral
The owner was the best and always made sure his customers were having an excellent experience .	owner	neutral
I 'm sure if he had a better location the prices would have been higher	location	neutral
We ended up getting the Mexico City tacos and the Baja fish tacos	Mexico City tacos	neutral
We ended up getting the Mexico City tacos and the Baja fish tacos	Baja fish tacos	neutral
and I have to say that the food as delicious .	food	neutral
The service was incredibly friendly , and the margaritas hit the spot .	service	neutral
The service was incredibly friendly , and the margaritas hit the spot .	margaritas	neutral
One of the guys fixed our margarita which entailed adding more tequila , so I 'd definitely recommend this place !	place	neutral
The guacamole was very tasty and they had a nice smokey chipotle salsa .	guacamole	neutral
The guacamole was very tasty and they had a nice smokey chipotle salsa .	smokey	neutral
The guacamole was very tasty and they had a nice smokey chipotle salsa .	chipotle	neutral
The guacamole was very tasty and they had a nice smokey chipotle salsa .	salsa	neutral
The buffet was great !	buffet	neutral
Lots of variety of meats , loved the meatloaf in gravy .	meats	neutral
Lots of variety of meats , loved the meatloaf in gravy .	meatloaf in gravy	neutral
Prime rib , turkey breast , pork roast , etc .	Prime rib	neutral
Prime rib , turkey breast , pork roast , etc .	turkey	neutral
Prime rib , turkey breast , pork roast , etc .	pork	neutral
The consistency and method of cooking of the sliced lamb was that of hot pot style where the raw sliced lamb was boiled in the spicy sauce to lap up its flavour .	sliced lamb	neutral
The consistency and method of cooking of the sliced lamb was that of hot pot style where the raw sliced lamb was boiled in the spicy sauce to lap up its flavour .	raw sliced lamb	neutral
The Stir Fried Eggplant , Bitter Melon , and Green Beans was also a bit spicy but the vegetables were otherwise well done and tasty .	Stir Fried Eggplant , Bitter Melon , and Green Beans	neutral
The Stir Fried Eggplant , Bitter Melon , and Green Beans was also a bit spicy but the vegetables were otherwise well done and tasty .	vegetables	neutral
I 've had shawarmas in at least a dozen different restaurants and this one 's simply the best .	shawarmas	neutral
The meat is sliced off fresh and put in your wrap .	meat	neutral
The toppings are also very fresh , and when you eat your wrap .	toppings	neutral
There were not a whole lot people here but the service was still slow .	service	neutral
But , the hot dog was a BOMB .	hot dog	neutral
I loved it wrapped in a pita bread .	pita bread	neutral
Next time I will try the naked style to see if its tasty as the same .	naked style	neutral
Upon entering this BAR / restaurant I was immediately turned off by the blasting of music so loud my heart was pounding .	BAR	neutral
Upon entering this BAR / restaurant I was immediately turned off by the blasting of music so loud my heart was pounding .	music	neutral
After ordering and waiting on our drinks I had decided to just leave because of the music but was presently surprised that after asking the waitresses to turn the music down , she did with a smile .	waitresses	neutral
I guess they prefer a total BAR atmosphere !	atmosphere	neutral
After surveying the menu for 15 minutes I decided on the Philly Cheese Steak Pastie and my friend went traditional with the Shepherds Pie .	Philly	neutral
Let me say we were NOT disappointed , the Pasties were fresh and yummy delicious , mine came with a mustard cream sauce as well as their red wine gravy that I had asked for .	Pasties	neutral
Let me say we were NOT disappointed , the Pasties were fresh and yummy delicious , mine came with a mustard cream sauce as well as their red wine gravy that I had asked for .	red wine gravy	neutral
I prefer the gravy !	gravy	neutral
My friends Shepherds Pie with Lamb and the wine gravy was also yummy .	Shepherds Pie with Lamb	neutral
My friends Shepherds Pie with Lamb and the wine gravy was also yummy .	wine gravy	neutral
After a short walk around I was surprised to see all of these wonderful pie 's were being made FRESH behind a short order / bar environment .	pie	neutral
If you 've never had a pastie , its basically like a calzone but uses a pastry crust .	pastie	neutral
There were over 25 different variations with several great looking desserts , we decided on the homemade bread pudding , more chocolate brownie tasting then traditional bread pudding , but tasty all the same .	desserts	neutral
There were over 25 different variations with several great looking desserts , we decided on the homemade bread pudding , more chocolate brownie tasting then traditional bread pudding , but tasty all the same .	homemade bread pudding	neutral
75 respectively and the bread pudding was $ 7 .	bread pudding	neutral
I am looking forward to dining there again when they are not out of their homemade sausage .	sausage	neutral
If you do n't care for a Bar atmosphere , loud music , dark and dingy then you should steer clear or set outside .	Bar atmosphere	neutral
If you do n't care for a Bar atmosphere , loud music , dark and dingy then you should steer clear or set outside .	music	neutral
I should add that I found it extremely odd that they used old church pews for a large part of their seating .	seating	neutral
Seriously not impressed by the Heist Brewery brunch .	Heist Brewery brunch	neutral
The waiter we had was terrible .	waiter	neutral
We had a table of 8 , so he must 've known he was automatically getting an 18 % tip and did n't care about giving us good service .	service	neutral
The food was okay .	food	neutral
The best thing was the waffle or the grilled pineapple .	waffle	neutral
The best thing was the waffle or the grilled pineapple .	grilled pineapple	neutral
Love their desserts .	desserts	neutral
Their service is terrible .	service	neutral
If their bakery items were n't as good as they are	bakery items	neutral
The place is very large but still feels very welcoming .	place	neutral
The bartender was very nice and brought us our drinks really quickly .	bartender	neutral
To start , we ordered the dirty Montecito potatoes , which were basically Poutine but with large potato pieces instead of french fries .	dirty Montecito potatoes	neutral
They were so decadent and delicious and the portion was huge .	portion	neutral
We also ordered the Maple Cured Foie Gras , which was to die for .	Maple Cured Foie Gras	neutral
But it was a really nice location to sit and catch up .	location	neutral
There is an upstairs dining area for private parties which looked really nice and a great place for holiday fetes .	upstairs dining area	neutral
There is an upstairs dining area for private parties which looked really nice and a great place for holiday fetes .	private	neutral
I 'll definitely be back for that foie gras when I 'm back in Toronto !	foie gras	neutral
The bakery here is horrible special ordered a cake 1 week in advance ....	bakery	neutral
The Ramen was very tasteless and the noodles seemed to not be cooked all the way .	Ramen	neutral
The Ramen was very tasteless and the noodles seemed to not be cooked all the way .	noodles	neutral
Our waitress was great and she 's the only thing about this place that deserves 5 stars .	waitress	neutral
Our waitress was great and she 's the only thing about this place that deserves 5 stars .	place	neutral
Hostess was rude , was told we 'd have a table with a view when we made the reservation and when we got there that was n't the case .	Hostess	neutral
Food was average at best , not worth the money	Food	neutral
They have such beautiful foods to choose from .	foods	neutral
Pass by some of the pastry / bakeries	pastry	neutral
and you 'll see some amazingly decorated cakes for what I think is a relatively fair price .	cakes	neutral
Most of the other food items here are expensive though .	food	neutral
The market has a large selection and it 's a great place to stop by if you need to pick up a party favour or present .	market	neutral
Their icecream was delicious !	icecream	neutral
No bad , not outstanding , good solid Mexican .	Mexican	neutral
Service a little slow but no big deal .	Service	neutral
We Had Pollo Fundido , Shrimp Enchalada with tomatillo jalape単o cream cheese sauce , machaca quesadilla , tomatillo chicken enchilada .	Pollo	neutral
We Had Pollo Fundido , Shrimp Enchalada with tomatillo jalape単o cream cheese sauce , machaca quesadilla , tomatillo chicken enchilada .	Shrimp Enchalada with tomatillo jalape単o cream cheese sauce	neutral
We Had Pollo Fundido , Shrimp Enchalada with tomatillo jalape単o cream cheese sauce , machaca quesadilla , tomatillo chicken enchilada .	machaca quesadilla	neutral
Started with some queso , chips and salsa .	queso	neutral
Started with some queso , chips and salsa .	chips	neutral
Started with some queso , chips and salsa .	salsa	neutral
Portions were big , nobody finished .	Portions	neutral
Needs some decor upgrades , very old	decor	neutral
Went back with friends for Taco Happy Hour ( 3 - 5pm on weekdays ) and we order and share 18 T 's in total , 2 Hot Chocs , 1 Alfajor and 1 juice for a total of ... $43 .	Hot	neutral
Went back with friends for Taco Happy Hour ( 3 - 5pm on weekdays ) and we order and share 18 T 's in total , 2 Hot Chocs , 1 Alfajor and 1 juice for a total of ... $43 .	Alfajor	neutral
2.- Tongue Tacos ( Marinated beef tongue)= Pretty safe bet , over & over .	Marinated beef tongue)=	neutral
3.- Tacos de Suadero ( Beef from the intermediate part of the cow between the belly and the leg)= Great discovery , crunchy , but juicy , just perfect 10/10 .	Suadero	neutral
Overall great service , fast & reliable !	service	neutral
Omg seriously the best place ever .	place	neutral
The cooks are super clean when cooking .	cooks	neutral
Frank always knows what I should get when is hard for me to decide .	Frank	neutral
People who think is over priced clearly do n't know quality of sandwiches , maybe y all should try subway .	subway	neutral
Well things certainly have changed at Del Taco .	Del Taco	neutral
Gone are the days of 39 - 49 cent tacos and dollar deluxe tacos with pico and crema .	tacos	neutral
The large taco , the Del , is a large thick shelled taco JAMMED with meat and cheese !	large taco	neutral
The large taco , the Del , is a large thick shelled taco JAMMED with meat and cheese !	Del	neutral
Crema is extra charge .	Crema	neutral
Really , you need to see this meat n cheese MONSTER .	meat n cheese	neutral
You 're getting STOMPED by this big boot taco !	taco	neutral
For what it is ( i. e. a meat fest buffet ) , I think Sura deserves some fans .	Sura	neutral
The meat quality might not be Carnevino , but you 're going to save some money by choosing Sura over Batali !	meat	neutral
The meat quality might not be Carnevino , but you 're going to save some money by choosing Sura over Batali !	Sura	neutral
Plus , Sura is open until 3 am !	Sura	neutral
I ate a couple bites of this and that , and the marinades were all tasty .	marinades	neutral
Again , the meat is not spectacular , but I had no real complaints .	meat	neutral
What impressed me the most were the vegetables , primarily the banchan .	vegetables	neutral
What impressed me the most were the vegetables , primarily the banchan .	banchan	neutral
There were n't random Chinese dishes or anything that looked unappetizing .	Chinese dishes	neutral
Onion rings !	Onion	neutral
The interior is stylish and clean , and we had no service problems .	interior	neutral
The interior is stylish and clean , and we had no service problems .	service	neutral
Probably a personal 3 . 5 , but I am rounding up for all the meat lovers in the world .	meat	neutral
We use to love coming to farmer boys , but the customer service is getting worse .	farmer boys	neutral
We use to love coming to farmer boys , but the customer service is getting worse .	customer service	neutral
The time it takes for them to get your food is ridiculous and the food is also declining .	food	neutral
Every bite from the chilled oysters to the amazing beet salad and the smoked trout bourguignon was a taste sensation .	chilled oysters	neutral
Every bite from the chilled oysters to the amazing beet salad and the smoked trout bourguignon was a taste sensation .	beet salad	neutral
Every bite from the chilled oysters to the amazing beet salad and the smoked trout bourguignon was a taste sensation .	smoked trout bourguignon	neutral
It was a bit hard to find , signage being minimal but do n't give up .	signage	neutral
I love the food here ! !	food	neutral
I have been here so many times and everything on the menu is delicious .	menu	neutral
If you are looking for authentic Italian food then you should definitely try this place .	Italian food	neutral
If you are looking for authentic Italian food then you should definitely try this place .	place	neutral
Besides the food being yummy , staff is super nice and make you feel so welcome ..	food	neutral
Besides the food being yummy , staff is super nice and make you feel so welcome ..	staff	neutral
my friend from work , a bit of a beer snob , had told me that if I wanted to enjoy their beers , I should try the Epi - Devil ( 50/50 Epicenter & Devil 's Ale ) , so I did .	Epi - Devil	neutral
my friend from work , a bit of a beer snob , had told me that if I wanted to enjoy their beers , I should try the Epi - Devil ( 50/50 Epicenter & Devil 's Ale ) , so I did .	Devil 's Ale	neutral
Everyone else got Devil 's Ale and the Pineapple Hefe ... mine , by far , was the most well - rounded , palatable beer ...	Devil	neutral
Everyone else got Devil 's Ale and the Pineapple Hefe ... mine , by far , was the most well - rounded , palatable beer ...	Pineapple Hefe	neutral
my friend was right , the 50/50 mix helps tame the hop - piness of Devil 's Ale	Devil 's Ale	neutral
and I really enjoyed my beer .	beer	neutral
I got the Chandler Street Tacos and did enjoy the filling , just not the lame flour tortilla .	Chandler Street Tacos	neutral
I got the Chandler Street Tacos and did enjoy the filling , just not the lame flour tortilla .	flour tortilla	neutral
You 'd think that street tacos was not a neighborhood staple ..	street tacos	neutral
Mexican food joints and plenty of taco stands and you serve so - called street tacos with FLOUR tortillas ?	street tacos	neutral
Mexican food joints and plenty of taco stands and you serve so - called street tacos with FLOUR tortillas ?	FLOUR tortillas	neutral
Anyway , if they had done corn tortillas , I 'd given the tacos alone 5 stars because they were pretty damn yummy ... 4 star tacos for using flour tortillas .	tacos	neutral
and the beans were not tasty at all ..	beans	neutral
and hubby 's tortilla soup was downright gross .. but	tortilla soup	neutral
his Pulled Pork Sandwich was very good .	Pulled Pork Sandwich	neutral
So .. I guess they are more successful with their main dishes and their sides are just ' no bueno ' .	main dishes	neutral
So .. I guess they are more successful with their main dishes and their sides are just ' no bueno ' .	sides	neutral
Service was excellent - cute server gal , quick , friendly , did her job well .	Service	neutral
Service was excellent - cute server gal , quick , friendly , did her job well .	server gal	neutral
The atmosphere was alive , energetic , young , but well - balanced with some older folks and some young'ns .	atmosphere	neutral
A bit loud , but then again , it is a bar ..	bar	neutral
I 'd come back again for an Epi - Devil and try some burgers , after all , I did enjoy the meats and flavors ..	burgers	neutral
I 'd come back again for an Epi - Devil and try some burgers , after all , I did enjoy the meats and flavors ..	meats	neutral
Mohammad N. really does describe their burgers quite well and I 'd love to try one of them .	Mohammad	neutral
Mohammad N. really does describe their burgers quite well and I 'd love to try one of them .	burgers	neutral
All you can eat sushi .	All you can eat sushi	neutral
Food is reasonably priced and flavorful .	Food	neutral
What makes it a 4 star is the friendly staff and quick service .	staff	neutral
What makes it a 4 star is the friendly staff and quick service .	service	neutral
And you ca n't beat a slice of pie for $ 1 .	slice	neutral
Consistently delicious burgers .	burgers	neutral
Ingredients , including the beef seem to be a step or two above the other fast food places .	Ingredients	neutral
Ingredients , including the beef seem to be a step or two above the other fast food places .	beef	neutral
Staff is always friendly .	Staff	neutral
My friend got the NY Strip steak and fries - the steak was cooked to much and really did n't have any flavor .	NY Strip steak	neutral
I had sweet potato fries ( which were over fried and burnt ) and a wrap .	sweet potato fries	neutral
Service was extremely slow .	Service	neutral
Birthday celebrations should be done up big and Beso definitely fits that description .	Beso	neutral
From their signature cocktails to the food , very little disappoints .	cocktails	neutral
From their signature cocktails to the food , very little disappoints .	food	neutral
The Raspberry Beso is a definite must get for anyone who loves this berry , because it is has two types of raspberry liquors and fresh berries muddled in .	Raspberry Beso	neutral
The Cosmic Ginger was also a fine choice .	Cosmic Ginger	neutral
The BBO was a blood orange centered drink , but was overpowered by the alcohol .	BBO	neutral
My favorite was the Pear and Elderberry Sangria .	Pear and Elderberry Sangria	neutral
All of these handcrafted drinks cost $ 15 .	drinks	neutral
Not too long after settling , orders of the paella balls , Eva 's guacamole , seared crab cakes , olives and shaved almonds came out .	paella balls	neutral
Not too long after settling , orders of the paella balls , Eva 's guacamole , seared crab cakes , olives and shaved almonds came out .	Eva 's	neutral
Not too long after settling , orders of the paella balls , Eva 's guacamole , seared crab cakes , olives and shaved almonds came out .	guacamole	neutral
Not too long after settling , orders of the paella balls , Eva 's guacamole , seared crab cakes , olives and shaved almonds came out .	seared crab cakes	neutral
As my friends would say , the guac was legit .	guac	neutral
The pure avocado goodness was balanced with no flavor being too strong .	avocado	neutral
When breaking the crab cakes you could see the defined chunks of meat instead of a mass of unidentifiable mystery substance .	crab	neutral
The paella bites were my favorite .	paella bites	neutral
The star of the dinner was the steak .	steak	neutral
The sides were all very good , but the mac and cheese was the best .	sides	neutral
The sides were all very good , but the mac and cheese was the best .	mac and cheese	neutral
For dessert , we got the churros , a banana creme brulee , and the chocolate cake .	churros	neutral
Especially at Beso .	Beso	neutral
The creme brulee was good , just not as noteworthy .	creme brulee	neutral
The chocolate cake , on the other hand , struck a up a negative reaction .	chocolate cake	neutral
This is a great restaurant to impress a date .	restaurant	neutral
The atmosphere is romantic yet clubby for a modern and sheik clientele .	atmosphere	neutral
The burgers here are fantastic .	burgers	neutral
I had the BBB burgers and it was great .	BBB burgers	neutral
I also had the ravioli before and it was good too .	ravioli	neutral
That 's the first thing that popped into my head when I saw the sign just because it 's such a catchy little tune .	sign	neutral
The condiment bar is like any bar you would find at a Roberto 's tacos , except there	condiment bar	neutral
red sauce is better at this place .	red sauce	neutral
Mmn , so good and the best fried style fish I 've had yet at a taco chain .	fried style fish	neutral
Pork Torta good .	Pork Torta	neutral
Carne Asade burrito ( huge )	Carne Asade burrito	neutral
, I guess it was good since my hubby devoured it before I could finish half of my torta .	torta	neutral
Churros with ice cream .	Churros	neutral
Nice decor , nice waitress , nice patio , awful kitchen .	decor	neutral
Nice decor , nice waitress , nice patio , awful kitchen .	waitress	neutral
Nice decor , nice waitress , nice patio , awful kitchen .	patio	neutral
Nice decor , nice waitress , nice patio , awful kitchen .	kitchen	neutral
Food was wrong and painfully slow .	Food	neutral
Waitress showed up 10 min after we were seated ( it was busy ) .	Waitress	neutral
I love paninis sandwiches	paninis	neutral
The manager kindly paid for the meal without me even asking but not even close to worth it or ever trying it again .	manager	neutral
Zoes is probably the healthiest place I can eat in my neighborhood , besides going to the grocery store myself .	Zoes	neutral
The staff at this location are always friendly and prompt to serve .	staff	neutral
I also enjoy the turkey stack sandwich .	turkey stack sandwich	neutral
It sounds simple , but their turkey sandwich is so good (	turkey sandwich	neutral
includes feta and the toast is grilled just right ) .	feta	neutral
includes feta and the toast is grilled just right ) .	toast	neutral
Great place to bring family and kids .	place	neutral
The chocolate chip cookies are so good , I have n't even tried any of their other desserts .	chocolate chip cookies	neutral
The chocolate chip cookies are so good , I have n't even tried any of their other desserts .	desserts	neutral
Donuts are average at best .	Donuts	neutral
Find another place .	place	neutral
We came across Amberjacks .	Amberjacks	neutral
Love the old general store feel when we walked in .	general store	neutral
Our waitress was amazing and they had something for everyone of us .	waitress	neutral
I had prime rib .	prime rib	neutral
Hubby had beef tips , kid one had cheeseburger and kid two had ziti .	cheeseburger	neutral
and I thought the food was good .	food	neutral
I ordered the baked goat cheese and the roasted chicken .	baked goat cheese	neutral
I love goat cheese	goat	neutral
The goat cheese was not what I expected at all- in a bad way .	goat cheese	neutral
The roasted chicken was flavorful .	roasted chicken	neutral
Both items were not big portions and there was n't anything left to take home .	items	neutral
The patio is a cute patio , but quite small .	patio	neutral
so make sure you have some cash with you to tip the valet attendant .	valet attendant	neutral
In terms of value , I am not sure if this makes it to the top of my list due to $ $ and portion size .	portion	neutral
The burger with jalapenos and caramelized onions was to die for .	burger with	neutral
The burger with jalapenos and caramelized onions was to die for .	jalapenos and caramelized onions	neutral
Loved the egg bread bun .	egg bread bun	neutral
The vegetables on the burger were super fresh .	vegetables	neutral
The vegetables on the burger were super fresh .	burger	neutral
Loved the fries , too !	fries	neutral
Next time I am definitely trying the banana stand shake !	banana stand shake	neutral
Tasty Donuts , clean shop , decent coffee .	Donuts	neutral
Tasty Donuts , clean shop , decent coffee .	shop	neutral
Tasty Donuts , clean shop , decent coffee .	coffee	neutral
Best sushi place in town .	sushi place	neutral
Service is always good , and they have a nice happy hour later in the evening .	Service	neutral
It 's nice that their menu explains in detail what 's all in their rolls , and they have a nice big variety of them .	menu	neutral
It 's nice that their menu explains in detail what 's all in their rolls , and they have a nice big variety of them .	rolls	neutral
I got my favorite thing there again , the tootsie roll .	tootsie roll	neutral
Starting with the salsa that was served with tostadas , it had a great flavor .	salsa	neutral
We had shrimp tacos , bacon wrapped shrimp , shrimp cocktail and kids breaded fish with fries ....	shrimp tacos	neutral
We had shrimp tacos , bacon wrapped shrimp , shrimp cocktail and kids breaded fish with fries ....	shrimp cocktail	neutral
all the food was great .	food	neutral
They give you good size portions for samples at the register .	portions	neutral
My boyfriend had their pulled pork sandwich and said it was the so sweet and the most delicious he 's ever had !	pulled pork sandwich	neutral
Amazing food and friendly service	food	neutral
Amazing food and friendly service	service	neutral
I feel like I am literally throwing money in the trash every time I go to this location .	location	neutral
I love Dutch Brothers and I wo n't stop going	Dutch Brothers	neutral
Great food and great price !	food	neutral
All four of our meals were very good .	meals	neutral
Friendly staff .	staff	neutral
This is the best Filibertos I 've ever been at other than the one in Sossamam and Guadalupe .	Filibertos	neutral
Beans are really good and Burritos are reallt big .	Beans	neutral
Beans are really good and Burritos are reallt big .	Burritos	neutral
Their jr burritos looked like the big burritos in other filibertos plus they still offer the carne asada torta combo for only 5 dollars , no other filibertos does it any more .	jr burritos	neutral
Their jr burritos looked like the big burritos in other filibertos plus they still offer the carne asada torta combo for only 5 dollars , no other filibertos does it any more .	carne asada torta combo	neutral
Good place .	place	neutral
I did enjoy the large portions of fruits they offered on our french toast and crepes but service is slow .	french toast	neutral
I did enjoy the large portions of fruits they offered on our french toast and crepes but service is slow .	crepes	neutral
I did enjoy the large portions of fruits they offered on our french toast and crepes but service is slow .	service	neutral
So it was n't the best Korean food I 've had , but I 've been living in LA , but its pretty decent in Cleveland .	Korean food	neutral
Food was tasty , lotsa banchan ( even if not all tasted really good ) , and service was quick if you could get the waitress ' attention .	Food	neutral
Food was tasty , lotsa banchan ( even if not all tasted really good ) , and service was quick if you could get the waitress ' attention .	banchan	neutral
Food was tasty , lotsa banchan ( even if not all tasted really good ) , and service was quick if you could get the waitress ' attention .	service	neutral
Service was funny , if you could get the waitress ' attention it was good .	Service	neutral
Service was funny , if you could get the waitress ' attention it was good .	waitress	neutral
Banchan was plentiful , some good others not so good .	Banchan	neutral
Banchan list - anchovies , egg thing in stone pot , pickled radishes , tofu , napa kimchi , soy bean sprouts , jop chae , some other type of kimchi etc etc .	soy	neutral
I got the soon dubu , which was tasty and in a large proportion , but was just tofu and onions and barely any seafood .	soon dubu	neutral
Just some little shrimp and 3 pieces of squid and nothing else .	shrimp	neutral
I left happy after eating at this place .	place	neutral
Food was not bad but not great .	Food	neutral
Service was excellent , but restaurant was dirty .	Service	neutral
Service was excellent , but restaurant was dirty .	restaurant	neutral
All empty tables dirty ( not with trays but food depris ) , floors and bathrooms dirty as well .	tables	neutral
The breakfast buffet is hot when you arrive and the coffee flows as soon as you sit down .	breakfast buffet	neutral
Piles of breakfast meats , excellent eggs benedict for a buffet and easily accessible for groups .	breakfast meats	neutral
Piles of breakfast meats , excellent eggs benedict for a buffet and easily accessible for groups .	eggs benedict	neutral
We walked in a dozen deep and the hostess did n't blink for a second .	hostess	neutral
Plus I have to express my gratitude for hostess who know what they are doing .	hostess	neutral
Harolds crew is what moves this from a 3 to a 4 star .	Harolds	neutral
There is nothing more gratifying to someone jumping off a bike and coming into the nice cool , confines of a restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Thank you Harold 's	Harold 's	neutral
J'ai trouv辿 tres bon , belle presentation des assiettes , bon service , je suis satisfaite	assiettes	neutral
J'ai trouv辿 tres bon , belle presentation des assiettes , bon service , je suis satisfaite	service	neutral
Sarpa is our go to local place .	Sarpa	neutral
The food is always so amazing .	food	neutral
Paul is an top shelf chef and could be running any downtown restaurant .	Paul	neutral
Menu always evolving and daily specials never disappoint .	Menu	neutral
Menu always evolving and daily specials never disappoint .	daily specials	neutral
They have the best chicken tequila pasta ! ! !	chicken tequila pasta	neutral
I love their non alcoholic drink as well .	non alcoholic	neutral
I love their non alcoholic drink as well .	drink	neutral
Neither of us were particularly hungry , so we decided to just get one Margherita pizza , an arugula salad , and the peperonata appetizer , which came in just over $ 40 .	Margherita pizza	neutral
Neither of us were particularly hungry , so we decided to just get one Margherita pizza , an arugula salad , and the peperonata appetizer , which came in just over $ 40 .	arugula salad	neutral
Neither of us were particularly hungry , so we decided to just get one Margherita pizza , an arugula salad , and the peperonata appetizer , which came in just over $ 40 .	peperonata appetizer	neutral
The salad was slightly under - dressed for my taste , and the peppers could have been warmed up , but both were very tasty .	salad	neutral
The salad was slightly under - dressed for my taste , and the peppers could have been warmed up , but both were very tasty .	peppers	neutral
The pizza , though , as simple as it was , was delicious .	pizza	neutral
The crust had just the right amount of crunch , the cheese was perfectly gooey , and the tomato sauce tasted very fresh .	crust	neutral
The crust had just the right amount of crunch , the cheese was perfectly gooey , and the tomato sauce tasted very fresh .	cheese	neutral
The crust had just the right amount of crunch , the cheese was perfectly gooey , and the tomato sauce tasted very fresh .	tomato sauce	neutral
The chili oil is SUPER spicy ( YUM ! ) , so use sparingly !	chili oil	neutral
Someone recently mentioned in another review that they do not accept credit cards , but this was not the case for us : the waitress told us they take everything but AMEX .	waitress	neutral
This rather non - descript frontage in an office building just on the downtown side of Smithfield St Bridge in Downtown Pittsburgh is a gem .	frontage	neutral
Fast friendly service with outstanding Italian soups , sandwiches , salads , risotto coming from a small kitchen .	service	neutral
Fast friendly service with outstanding Italian soups , sandwiches , salads , risotto coming from a small kitchen .	Italian soups	neutral
Fast friendly service with outstanding Italian soups , sandwiches , salads , risotto coming from a small kitchen .	sandwiches	neutral
Fast friendly service with outstanding Italian soups , sandwiches , salads , risotto coming from a small kitchen .	salads	neutral
Fast friendly service with outstanding Italian soups , sandwiches , salads , risotto coming from a small kitchen .	risotto	neutral
Fast friendly service with outstanding Italian soups , sandwiches , salads , risotto coming from a small kitchen .	kitchen	neutral
Location is central to anywhere in the golden triangle , definitely worth	Location	neutral
Thanks for the great value on the coffee ....	coffee	neutral
Delicious fast food and friendly staff .	fast food	neutral
Delicious fast food and friendly staff .	staff	neutral
The Naan Grilled Cheese is a great idea and delicious .	Naan Grilled Cheese	neutral
I want to start off by saying that I love this frys .	frys	neutral
But I was very disappointed that the meat counter ca n't cut a bone out of A small pork shoulder .	meat	neutral
But I was very disappointed that the meat counter ca n't cut a bone out of A small pork shoulder .	pork shoulder	neutral
but the knives at fries would be sharper and would take me maybe 10 minutes will take me 20 minutes because of my knives .	knives	neutral
but the knives at fries would be sharper and would take me maybe 10 minutes will take me 20 minutes because of my knives .	fries	neutral
The food was ok	food	neutral
was n't the best taco I 've had ....	taco	neutral
Even their guac was " ok " accompanied by their over salted chips .	guac	neutral
Even their guac was " ok " accompanied by their over salted chips .	chips	neutral
Started with maitre'd , he . wanted to know if we had reservations when two thirds of the restaurant was empty .	maitre'd	neutral
Steak was basically medium raw when I ordered medium well .	Steak	neutral
Lobster was still gooey in the center .	Lobster	neutral
The shrimp and the mashed potatoes were good .	shrimp	neutral
The shrimp and the mashed potatoes were good .	mashed potatoes	neutral
Long island iceteas were good but small .	Long island iceteas	neutral
It is a small venue , yet there are usually some seats and tables open .	venue	neutral
Anyways , their espresso drinks are great , their ice creams are heavenly , and their staff are very warm and nice .	espresso drinks	neutral
Anyways , their espresso drinks are great , their ice creams are heavenly , and their staff are very warm and nice .	ice creams	neutral
Anyways , their espresso drinks are great , their ice creams are heavenly , and their staff are very warm and nice .	staff	neutral
They provide free Wi - Fi , but the password changes occasionally .	Wi	neutral
You need to ask the barista for the password .	barista	neutral
Speaking of which , the bathrooms also require a key code to enter , and they are different for the male and female bathrooms .	bathrooms	neutral
Overall , a great place to meet with friends , clients , your visiting relatives , or your next door neighbors .	place	neutral
This place is pretty darn good !	place	neutral
I literally stumbled upon this gem of a shop one day .	shop	neutral
glad she did because this place is outstanding !	place	neutral
i would highly reccomend trying the tea of good tiding .	tea	neutral
How is this place even open for business .	place	neutral
How can anyone eat in a so called restaurant with a bug infestation .	restaurant	neutral
Please guys get your restaurant up to code .	restaurant	neutral
o man I hope the owners of this place take this review and do something .	place	neutral
This better be some dam good food !	food	neutral
Another great little place I come to kick back .	place	neutral
Great bartenders ...	bartenders	neutral
Awesome service and great atmosphere .	service	neutral
Awesome service and great atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Have n't tried the food yet	food	neutral
They have my favorite beer and it 's cold cold , so	beer	neutral
I visited Craftsteak on 11/7/18 & was thoroughly impressed .	Craftsteak	neutral
The ambiance is low key but upscale .	ambiance	neutral
The service was impeccable .	service	neutral
I sat at the bar , where both the bartender ( Mark I believe ) and the servers were attentive while not intrusive .	bartender	neutral
I sat at the bar , where both the bartender ( Mark I believe ) and the servers were attentive while not intrusive .	servers	neutral
My meal was quite possibly the best steak I 've ever had .	meal	neutral
My meal was quite possibly the best steak I 've ever had .	steak	neutral
The steak was both juicy and nicely seasoned .	steak	neutral
I chose pur辿ed potatoes as my side , which were creamy & well seasoned .	pur辿ed potatoes	neutral
Everything is a la carte & portions are big .	portions	neutral
The food was good .	food	neutral
The coffee is smooth and delicious , not to mention delicately brewed and roasted on site .	coffee	neutral
The staff is always friendly eager to help you to make an informed decision about your drink , and I have yet to get a smug look from any of them when I feign ignorance about any drinks .	staff	neutral
That little test tells me an awful lot about an establishment , and it goes without saying that , while Cartel is a coffee connoisseur 's delight , it works just as well for those who might not have a handle on the finer details of this art .	Cartel	neutral
If there 's anything to complain about this fine establishment , it 's that there 's always a crowd , lending it to being a less than ideal setting to sit and relax , due to a dearth in seating .	setting	neutral
If there 's anything to complain about this fine establishment , it 's that there 's always a crowd , lending it to being a less than ideal setting to sit and relax , due to a dearth in seating .	seating	neutral
But if you can find a spot to plop down , you 're in perhaps the finest coffee establishment in all of Arizona .	coffee establishment	neutral
The crepe is just crepe , nothing special .	crepe	neutral
Definitely not a dessert place I would go again .	dessert	neutral
I 've been here several times and just love this place , excellent food , fast service , open 24hrs .	place	neutral
I 've been here several times and just love this place , excellent food , fast service , open 24hrs .	food	neutral
I 've been here several times and just love this place , excellent food , fast service , open 24hrs .	service	neutral
Its and old style 50 's diner and the interior has not changed much since .	interior	neutral
It 's clean , and well kept for a restaurant that busy and of that age .	restaurant	neutral
The eggs benedict are fantastic , even down to the super tasty side salad , just absolute perfection , everything else is really good including their poutine of course .	eggs benedict	neutral
The eggs benedict are fantastic , even down to the super tasty side salad , just absolute perfection , everything else is really good including their poutine of course .	side salad	neutral
The eggs benedict are fantastic , even down to the super tasty side salad , just absolute perfection , everything else is really good including their poutine of course .	poutine	neutral
really there 's not much else to say other than , if you enjoy a classic comfort food meal in a well run 50 's style diner at literally any time of day , then the Lakeview is the only place worth going	comfort food	neutral
really there 's not much else to say other than , if you enjoy a classic comfort food meal in a well run 50 's style diner at literally any time of day , then the Lakeview is the only place worth going	diner	neutral
really there 's not much else to say other than , if you enjoy a classic comfort food meal in a well run 50 's style diner at literally any time of day , then the Lakeview is the only place worth going	Lakeview	neutral
Best Soba Noodles in Town .	Soba Noodles	neutral
Get the Battera too !	Battera	neutral
( Osaka style Mackerel sushi )	Mackerel sushi	neutral
Proven fact that the antioxidants in soba noodles cure hangovers !	soba noodles	neutral
The ambiance was very hipster and chic ( i love cute cafes like that )	ambiance	neutral
Presentation of the good was great , pretty enough to post a picture on instagram !	Presentation	neutral
The ingredients were very fresh .	ingredients	neutral
Although the coffee/ latte was on the colder side .	coffee/ latte	neutral
Overall taste was good , I 've had better benedicts before	benedicts	neutral
The food is delicious and the staff is super friendly !	food	neutral
The food is delicious and the staff is super friendly !	staff	neutral
I had the margarita pizza which was really good .	margarita pizza	neutral
Wicked little shop .	shop	neutral
This Starbucks is awesome .	Starbucks	neutral
Awesome food and friendly staff .	food	neutral
Awesome food and friendly staff .	staff	neutral
This place is PACKED when football is on .	place	neutral
I absolutely love the Burger bar .	Burger bar	neutral
The Buffalo Burger is best burger I have ever had , and I would recommend this to anyone looking to try something different .	Buffalo Burger	neutral
The Buffalo Burger is best burger I have ever had , and I would recommend this to anyone looking to try something different .	burger	neutral
Wait tines were ok .	Wait tines	neutral
Got the ultimate grill cheese ( pulled pork & meatloaf ) .	grill cheese	neutral
Got the ultimate grill cheese ( pulled pork & meatloaf ) .	pulled pork	neutral
Got the ultimate grill cheese ( pulled pork & meatloaf ) .	meatloaf	neutral
Ice cream is from kwartha dairy .	Ice	neutral
The space was comfortable , nice ambiance etc .	space	neutral
The space was comfortable , nice ambiance etc .	ambiance	neutral
Odd musical selections playing for a nice Italian place and fairly loud .	musical	neutral
Appetizers/ salads seemed reasonably priced .	Appetizers/	neutral
Appetizers/ salads seemed reasonably priced .	salads	neutral
Pastas and entrees possibly slightly over - priced but this is Calgary , and in trendy Marda Loop on top of that .	Pastas	neutral
Pastas and entrees possibly slightly over - priced but this is Calgary , and in trendy Marda Loop on top of that .	entrees	neutral
Had the the caprese salad which was pretty good with nice presentation - not your classic caprese .	caprese salad	neutral
Friends had the sambuca prawns appetizer which looked pretty good .	sambuca prawns appetizer	neutral
Decided to go with their spaghetti and meatballs - which was recommended by our server out of the pasta selections .	spaghetti and meatballs	neutral
Nonna Rosa 's traditional Bolognese " and the " house made San Remo meatballs " seemed like it would be a solid pick .	traditional Bolognese	neutral
Nonna Rosa 's traditional Bolognese " and the " house made San Remo meatballs " seemed like it would be a solid pick .	San Remo meatballs	neutral
Bland sauce , overcooked noodles and the meatballs were tasteless and hard .	sauce	neutral
Bland sauce , overcooked noodles and the meatballs were tasteless and hard .	noodles	neutral
Bland sauce , overcooked noodles and the meatballs were tasteless and hard .	meatballs	neutral
The sauce also had chunks of meat in it also which might be a touch excessive .	sauce	neutral
I can make better meatballs .	meatballs	neutral
You can buy better meatballs pre - made .	meatballs	neutral
Friends said the gnocchi was good and the summer puttanesca pasta also looked at least visually appealing .	gnocchi	neutral
Friends said the gnocchi was good and the summer puttanesca pasta also looked at least visually appealing .	summer puttanesca pasta	neutral
My meal cost me $ 74 including tip and included half a bottle of French Cab Sauv which was decent .	bottle	neutral
My meal cost me $ 74 including tip and included half a bottle of French Cab Sauv which was decent .	French Cab Sauv	neutral
Had my entr辿e been better	entr辿e	neutral
They have cheap pasta nights on Sun/ Mon which might be the time to hit this place .	pasta	neutral
The pricier entrees that I saw coming out looked pretty good but at $ 30/ plate they should be .	entrees	neutral
Better Italian food out there	Italian food	neutral
The food is prepared with very little care at all and nothing is ever hot including the soup .	soup	neutral
They use paper plates and bowls rather than real dishes .	dishes	neutral
When you get a bowl of soup it is half of what you would get at another paradise bakery .	soup	neutral
The staff is always completely disorganized and they do n't even bring you your food .	staff	neutral
This is my favorite place ever .	place	neutral
I bring all my coworkers over every day that I can because of how great juice n go is .	juice n go	neutral
I 've been coming here since I moved this city for school , the place is pretty trending , decorated and smells like Europe ..	place	neutral
servers and management is just working great here ..	servers	neutral
servers and management is just working great here ..	management	neutral
Ingredients are so fresh and tasty .	Ingredients	neutral
I got apple bri crepe , melted bri	apple	neutral
Well before I go , I like to say best coffee ever u can ever taste here at Caffe Mona .	coffee	neutral
It was probably the best breakfast I have had in a long time .	breakfast	neutral
I had an omelet that had bacon on it .	omelet	neutral
Because of the bacon , I was fully expecting it to be on the greasier side .	bacon	neutral
The bacon was crisp , meaty , and not greasy .	bacon	neutral
The egg was done perfectly .	egg	neutral
What sealed the deal was the best blueberry scone I 've ever had .	blueberry scone	neutral
I would highly recommend checking this place out .	place	neutral
This place has good food , amazing actually .	food	neutral
I love love love the Bread	Bread	neutral
Their cheese fondue with veggies , bread , and potatoes is not only delicious , but it 's not a dish many other restaurants offer .	cheese fondue with veggies ,	neutral
Their cheese fondue with veggies , bread , and potatoes is not only delicious , but it 's not a dish many other restaurants offer .	bread	neutral
The red sangria with fresh fruit is so refreshing and is just sweet enough .	red sangria with fresh fruit	neutral
I also have have the strawberry and house salads .	strawberry	neutral
I also have have the strawberry and house salads .	house salads	neutral
The pizza is always great , and big enough to share with one or two other people .	pizza	neutral
My favorite entree though , is the bolognese pasta .	bolognese pasta	neutral
The portion is pretty big and the sauce is deliciously homemade .	portion	neutral
The portion is pretty big and the sauce is deliciously homemade .	sauce	neutral
There are two things that bug me about this place though , the decor/ atmosphere comes across and so dirty and dingy .	decor/	neutral
There are two things that bug me about this place though , the decor/ atmosphere comes across and so dirty and dingy .	atmosphere	neutral
I have never heard anyone say that they appreciate the variety of chairs in the restaurant , and most of them are too low for the tables and it makes for an uncomfortable meal .	chairs	neutral
My second grievance with Bread Co is the lack of flexibility in the lunch/ dinner meals they will make NO exceptions if you are there for lunch and want fondue they will not do it .	Bread	neutral
My second grievance with Bread Co is the lack of flexibility in the lunch/ dinner meals they will make NO exceptions if you are there for lunch and want fondue they will not do it .	lunch/	neutral
My second grievance with Bread Co is the lack of flexibility in the lunch/ dinner meals they will make NO exceptions if you are there for lunch and want fondue they will not do it .	dinner meals	neutral
I have also noticed a lack of consistency around certain dishes .	dishes	neutral
Sometimes the sangria is watery other times	sangria	neutral
Other than that , great , unique food .	food	neutral
other reviewers mentioned the unfriendly woman and i 've got to agree .	woman	neutral
either all of the staff were stoned or they just lacked social skills .	staff	neutral
my juice and shot was alright .	juice and shot	neutral
I love everything about this place !	place	neutral
I get my fill of pets by petting all the nice dogs at Gristhouse .	dogs	neutral
Second - the patio space has tons of seating at picnic tables .	patio space	neutral
The bar area is neat and also equipped bar stools and high tops .	bar area	neutral
Bartenders are super knowledgeable and helpful .	Bartenders	neutral
Highly recommend if you 're looking for a chill environment to have a couple drinks .	environment	neutral
I love this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
They have amazing brunch and their drinks are to die for .	brunch	neutral
They have amazing brunch and their drinks are to die for .	drinks	neutral
My only piece of advice is that young adults are somewhat treated with disdain , as though the servers have preconceived notions about tips .	servers	neutral
Otherwise , the service is still fast , the drinks are phenomenal , and the food is great .	service	neutral
Otherwise , the service is still fast , the drinks are phenomenal , and the food is great .	drinks	neutral
Otherwise , the service is still fast , the drinks are phenomenal , and the food is great .	food	neutral
The burgers were truly cooked to order , huge and very tasty .	burgers	neutral
Very good beer selection with some locals brews to try .	beer selection	neutral
We found them to be warm welcoming and very knowledgeable about both the food and beer they were serving .	beer	neutral
Love this place , owner is amazing , fish is over the top great !	place	neutral
Love this place , owner is amazing , fish is over the top great !	owner	neutral
Love this place , owner is amazing , fish is over the top great !	fish	neutral
BEST BAGELS EVER ! !	BAGELS	neutral
The poppy seed bagels there are beyond wonderful .	poppy seed bagels	neutral
This place really should get 5 stars for being spectacularly awful .	place	neutral
Given that this location is based in an airport , one would think that the service would be somewhat efficient .	service	neutral
It took almost 20 minutes for the bartender to ask for the order , then my food got there almost an hour later after I reminded them about it .	bartender	neutral
It would be one thing if the bar was packed	bar	neutral
The servers and bartender at this location just had such a busy social life that all they were doing was talking to each other rather than serving food .	servers	neutral
The servers and bartender at this location just had such a busy social life that all they were doing was talking to each other rather than serving food .	bartender	neutral
By the time my food came , my flight was almost boarding but after such anticipation , I had to try the food and boy	food	neutral
The " hot " wings came with barely any sauce and the little sauce it came with was of the wrong flavor .	hot " wings	neutral
The " hot " wings came with barely any sauce and the little sauce it came with was of the wrong flavor .	sauce	neutral
I asked for hot and I received the wrong order ( though given the abysmal level of service , I had already braced myself for this ) .	service	neutral
Property was not clean and as a long - time twice - a - day customer this location needs some management attention and staff attitude work .	Property	neutral
The only person in the store who was good was the barista with an accent and short hair .	barista	neutral
I am in Phoenix on vacation and found this location did nothing to enhance my visit .	location	neutral
Been several times , love their carnitas .	carnitas	neutral
Husband loves their horchata , and he 's picky !	horchata	neutral
This was my first time trying Ethiopian food	Ethiopian food	neutral
The food was absolutely amazing , my party ended up sharing a veggie combo with some meat dishes and that was more than enough for us all ( 3 people ) .	food	neutral
The food was absolutely amazing , my party ended up sharing a veggie combo with some meat dishes and that was more than enough for us all ( 3 people ) .	veggie combo	neutral
The food was absolutely amazing , my party ended up sharing a veggie combo with some meat dishes and that was more than enough for us all ( 3 people ) .	meat dishes	neutral
The place was a bit packed when we went so the service was a little slow .	service	neutral
We did n't mind though , as the food was above and beyond expectations .	food	neutral
I had the privilege of being one of the first of I 'm sure many many more customers to the po boys diner .	po boys diner	neutral
The staff was outstanding the food was exactly like it is in nawlens .	staff	neutral
The staff was outstanding the food was exactly like it is in nawlens .	food	neutral
The seafood gumbo and pulled pork po boy I had was washed down with the best hurricane I have ever had .	seafood gumbo	neutral
The seafood gumbo and pulled pork po boy I had was washed down with the best hurricane I have ever had .	pulled pork po boy	neutral
Anyway if you like great food at a affordable price coupled with amazing service check out po boys diner .	food	neutral
Anyway if you like great food at a affordable price coupled with amazing service check out po boys diner .	service	neutral
Anyway if you like great food at a affordable price coupled with amazing service check out po boys diner .	po boys diner	neutral
this is the best Italian restaurant in LV .	Italian restaurant	neutral
Authentic home cooking like my grandfather used to make .	home cooking	neutral
I never order red sauce out because always tastes like it is out of can .	red sauce	neutral
I had the seafood stew , loaded with clams , mussels , shrimp , salmon , calamari .	seafood stew	neutral
House of Tricks , hidden in the campus area of ASU is a gem .	House of Tricks	neutral
We had outdoor seating , which was beautiful , breeze was cool	outdoor seating	neutral
We had outdoor seating , which was beautiful , breeze was cool	breeze	neutral
Michael our waiter Immediately greeted us with a " Happy Aniversary " .	waiter	neutral
We started off with cocktail , then moved onto appetizers of : Mongolian Barbecue Shrimp with Pink Peppercorn Lemongrass Grits and Kimchee which was excellent , the shrimp grilled to perfection .	Mongolian Barbecue Shrimp with Pink Peppercorn Lemongrass Grits	neutral
We started off with cocktail , then moved onto appetizers of : Mongolian Barbecue Shrimp with Pink Peppercorn Lemongrass Grits and Kimchee which was excellent , the shrimp grilled to perfection .	Kimchee	neutral
Smoked Korean Style Baby Back Ribs with Spicy Red Chile Paste and Barely Pickled Cucumber Salad which were excellent , but not recommended for a first day food	Baby Back Ribs	neutral
Smoked Korean Style Baby Back Ribs with Spicy Red Chile Paste and Barely Pickled Cucumber Salad which were excellent , but not recommended for a first day food	Spicy Red Chile Paste	neutral
, the ribs were a little messy to eat , but delicious .	ribs	neutral
The cucumber salad to this appetizer was boring though .	cucumber salad to	neutral
Tender Belly Pork Porterhouse with Chorizo Manchego Cheese Gratin , Saut辿ed Kale and Black Mission Fig Saba , again excellent .	Chorizo Manchego Cheese Gratin	neutral
Tender Belly Pork Porterhouse with Chorizo Manchego Cheese Gratin , Saut辿ed Kale and Black Mission Fig Saba , again excellent .	Saut辿ed Kale	neutral
Tender Belly Pork Porterhouse with Chorizo Manchego Cheese Gratin , Saut辿ed Kale and Black Mission Fig Saba , again excellent .	Black Mission Fig Saba	neutral
Housemade Rag Pasta with Veal Breast Bolognese , Pine Nut Toasted Fennel , Goat Cheese and Golden Raisin Gastrique , excellent though very rich .	Rag Pasta	neutral
Housemade Rag Pasta with Veal Breast Bolognese , Pine Nut Toasted Fennel , Goat Cheese and Golden Raisin Gastrique , excellent though very rich .	Veal Breast Bolognese	neutral
Housemade Rag Pasta with Veal Breast Bolognese , Pine Nut Toasted Fennel , Goat Cheese and Golden Raisin Gastrique , excellent though very rich .	Golden Raisin Gastrique	neutral
This restaurant caters to all with an occasion to celebrate .	restaurant	neutral
First time at this restaurant , and loved it !	restaurant	neutral
Under $ 30 for all you can eat sushi , appetizers and dessert .	all you can eat sushi	neutral
Under $ 30 for all you can eat sushi , appetizers and dessert .	appetizers	neutral
Under $ 30 for all you can eat sushi , appetizers and dessert .	dessert	neutral
I was a big fan of the half orders	half orders	neutral
Although I loved a majority of what I ordered I would n't get the spicy tuna .	spicy tuna	neutral
2 pc was to have cole slaw and came with mashed potatoes and the biscuits were hard as rocks .	cole	neutral
2 pc was to have cole slaw and came with mashed potatoes and the biscuits were hard as rocks .	biscuits	neutral
Waited about 8 minutes for some acknowledgement from the staff .	staff	neutral
The concept of the Container Park is a nice addition to the Fremont East experience , however , similar to the retail development in Costa Mesa , which was intended to showcase more independent retailers and products , the Container Park still houses a fair collection of knick knack merchants .	Container Park	neutral
The food offerings are a standout , in that they are not national chain fast food establishments that so many Las Vegas visitors seem to favor .	food	neutral
The food offerings are a standout , in that they are not national chain fast food establishments that so many Las Vegas visitors seem to favor .	fast	neutral
Great place , kind workers , healthy food , my kind of food .	place	neutral
Great place , kind workers , healthy food , my kind of food .	food	neutral
Great place , kind workers , healthy food , my kind of food .	food	neutral
Love Korean food .	Korean food	neutral
My advice is to try the classic bowl before getting the hot pot .	bowl	neutral
My advice is to try the classic bowl before getting the hot pot .	hot pot	neutral
Good little bar .	bar	neutral
but food was great for bar food .	food	neutral
but food was great for bar food .	bar food	neutral
Great service !	service	neutral
I liked the fact that they had items already portioned off because I do n't like the flavors of my food getting all mixed up .	food	neutral
They had awesome Korean bbq and a great General Tso 's chicken .	Korean bbq	neutral
They had awesome Korean bbq and a great General Tso 's chicken .	General Tso 's chicken	neutral
Everything I had was great except for the crab legs .	crab legs	neutral
The cavatelli with lamb was insane .	cavatelli with lamb	neutral
Possibly the best dish there .	dish	neutral
The desserts were great and numerous .	desserts	neutral
The gelato station was a lot of fun .	gelato station	neutral
To me this is the only reason to hit up the Cosmo .	Cosmo	neutral
The rest of the hotel is boring .	hotel	neutral
Still worth a trek over there for this awesome tasting buffet .	buffet	neutral
I just went to Phoenix for the first time this past week , and one of the must stop places on my list was this restaurant :	restaurant	neutral
This place has been featured on Dinners , Drive - Ins , and Dives on the Food Network .	place	neutral
On the third day of our trip , my husband and I went here , despite warnings from my cousin that the wait could take hours .	wait	neutral
I was very pleased with my choice of meals , it was awesome ! !	meals	neutral
This is a meal that comes with two eggs any style , ham , fresh bread and jam , as well as a choice of hash browns or potatoes .	bread	neutral
This is a meal that comes with two eggs any style , ham , fresh bread and jam , as well as a choice of hash browns or potatoes .	jam	neutral
My husband said the ham was incredibly delicious .	ham	neutral
I tried the potatoes with fresh rosemary and liked those even more than my hash browns .	potatoes with fresh rosemary	neutral
I tried the potatoes with fresh rosemary and liked those even more than my hash browns .	hash	neutral
Both of our meals were around $ 8 . 00 each .	meals	neutral
Despite working in tight quarters , the waiters and waitresses were friendly and helpful .	waiters	neutral
Despite working in tight quarters , the waiters and waitresses were friendly and helpful .	waitresses	neutral
I highly recommend this sweet little joint in the heart of the southwest ! !	joint	neutral
Fantastic central - strip location , and truly absurd pricing .	location	neutral
Anyone who 's done the least bit of travelling will know to take the limited downsides ( smokey hallways , dingy carpet , low - flow shower , construction noises , awkward back entrance ) in stride .	hallways	neutral
Anyone who 's done the least bit of travelling will know to take the limited downsides ( smokey hallways , dingy carpet , low - flow shower , construction noises , awkward back entrance ) in stride .	carpet	neutral
Anyone who 's done the least bit of travelling will know to take the limited downsides ( smokey hallways , dingy carpet , low - flow shower , construction noises , awkward back entrance ) in stride .	shower	neutral
Anyone who 's done the least bit of travelling will know to take the limited downsides ( smokey hallways , dingy carpet , low - flow shower , construction noises , awkward back entrance ) in stride .	back entrance	neutral
I 've been here for a night out and for baby showers and the food never disappoints .	food	neutral
I love the bento box !	bento box	neutral
I was going to write a review a few weeks ago about this place but	place	neutral
i am still laughing about the appetizers - i guess i did n't hit the jackpot like one of the other reviewers -	appetizers	neutral
and I got 7 onion rings - costing $ 6 .	onion rings	neutral
and it 's not a michelin rating foo - foo place ... and the rings were n't wortha shit !	rings	neutral
the crab cakes ... are you sure they used crabe ... alot of " filling " in these lil buggers and for ... hmmm ...	crab cakes	neutral
a fish place with limited fish offerings ...	fish offerings	neutral
SO who was hankering for some fish wound up ordering a vegetarian plate that had succotash , mushrooms and	vegetarian	neutral
SO who was hankering for some fish wound up ordering a vegetarian plate that had succotash , mushrooms and	succotash	neutral
can be - the bacon on top was tasty .... i usually give most restaurants 2 tries before i give it a thumbs up or down ...	bacon	neutral
Awesome employees !	employees	neutral
This is a cute locally owned corner coffee shop that serves delicious espresso drinks and pastries .	espresso drinks	neutral
This is a cute locally owned corner coffee shop that serves delicious espresso drinks and pastries .	pastries	neutral
For some reason , when I first walked in and read the menu on the board I thought that the Passport Drinks were their tea selection , but actually they are their speciality espresso - based drinks .	Passport	neutral
This looked like both a good place to hang out with friends or do some work solo .	place	neutral
Definitely a place I would be happy to come to again next time I am in town .	place	neutral
Man this place can be hard to find !	place	neutral
If you 're in the area , this is a nice breakfast spot .	breakfast	neutral
The monkey cakes , flannels and chimichurri were all pretty good .	monkey cakes	neutral
The monkey cakes , flannels and chimichurri were all pretty good .	flannels	neutral
The monkey cakes , flannels and chimichurri were all pretty good .	chimichurri	neutral
Not my favorite breakfast place , but a good go - to if you want a breakfast with some character .	breakfast	neutral
Not my favorite breakfast place , but a good go - to if you want a breakfast with some character .	breakfast	neutral
Been wanting to try this place , Food was too fancy , had no flavor in the chicken or steak tacos not impressed !	Food	neutral
Been wanting to try this place , Food was too fancy , had no flavor in the chicken or steak tacos not impressed !	chicken	neutral
Been wanting to try this place , Food was too fancy , had no flavor in the chicken or steak tacos not impressed !	steak tacos	neutral
This place has delicious sandwiches and friendly service .	sandwiches	neutral
This place has delicious sandwiches and friendly service .	service	neutral
I took a seat outside on the beautiful SHADED patio section .	patio	neutral
The sandwich with soup was $ 10 and one of the best cold sandwiches I 've ever had .	sandwich with soup	neutral
This sandwich has fig , mascarpone , and prosciutto ..	sandwich	neutral
Most of the seating looks like it 's outside .	seating	neutral
Dine in restaurant and receive 50 % off a Fire - Grilled Gourmet Burger with purchase of an additional Gourmet , Finest or Big Tavern Burger ; entr辿e ; entr辿e salad or sandwich .	Burger	neutral
I was told I could only get the gourmet burger .	burger	neutral
We ordered humus as an appetizer and a medium sized meaty legend authentic Chicago style deep - dish pizza for dinner .	pizza	neutral
The bartenders were great as well .	bartenders	neutral
The restaurant is huge , but they have very few clientele and even fewer waitstaff .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant is huge , but they have very few clientele and even fewer waitstaff .	waitstaff	neutral
Unless you 're really not that hungry , you 're probably not going to like the service a lot .	service	neutral
The pricing of the food is also a bit high .	food	neutral
I was here a few years ago though and the food was definitely better .	food	neutral
The facility itself is easy to find , very accessible , bright , clean , safe and secure .	facility	neutral
The employees are knowledgeable , courteous and friendly .	employees	neutral
They make their fries crispy even without asking .	fries	neutral
Usually in n out is on the soggy side but these were perfect !	in n out	neutral
And the bun ... pages crispy too !	bun	neutral
Usually the bun gets all soggy from the sauce they put on but it was perfect from start to finish !	bun	neutral
Usually the bun gets all soggy from the sauce they put on but it was perfect from start to finish !	sauce	neutral
By far my favorite in n out I 've ever been to !	in n out	neutral
Awesome smoked wings !	smoked wings	neutral
Excellent service ( in bar ) !	service	neutral
Excellent service ( in bar ) !	bar	neutral
I 'd have to just say this dairy queen is average .	dairy queen	neutral
Super busy and staff always seem overwhelmed .	staff	neutral
The table we sat at was dirty with ice cream and napkins and the staff was not cleaning any of the tables .	staff	neutral
Anyways this place was just below average for me ..	place	neutral
but they are probably also hot and busty , with their tits spilling out of their corsets .	corsets	neutral
As far as quality of food , it was pretty good .	food	neutral
I had a filet with these little baby baked potatoes that were covered in cheese and bacon bits -- YUM !	potatoes	neutral
Also some kind of beet salad and some forgettable appetizer .	appetizer	neutral
But for the price , I 'd say skip it , and head over to Mr. Lucky 's ( the 24/7 cafe just down the hall ) for the $ 7 . 77 steak special , which gives you a salad , garlic mashed potatoes , a great steak and three skewered shrimp for the low , low aforementioned price .	steak special	neutral
But for the price , I 'd say skip it , and head over to Mr. Lucky 's ( the 24/7 cafe just down the hall ) for the $ 7 . 77 steak special , which gives you a salad , garlic mashed potatoes , a great steak and three skewered shrimp for the low , low aforementioned price .	salad	neutral
But for the price , I 'd say skip it , and head over to Mr. Lucky 's ( the 24/7 cafe just down the hall ) for the $ 7 . 77 steak special , which gives you a salad , garlic mashed potatoes , a great steak and three skewered shrimp for the low , low aforementioned price .	garlic	neutral
But for the price , I 'd say skip it , and head over to Mr. Lucky 's ( the 24/7 cafe just down the hall ) for the $ 7 . 77 steak special , which gives you a salad , garlic mashed potatoes , a great steak and three skewered shrimp for the low , low aforementioned price .	steak	neutral
You 'll be just as satisfied , and the people watching is MUCH better at Mr. Lucky 's .	people	neutral
Unless of course all you like watching is silicone service - bots with their tits spilling out of their corsets .	service	neutral
Unless of course all you like watching is silicone service - bots with their tits spilling out of their corsets .	corsets	neutral
Thought it would be just basic pizzas and sandwiches but the wife	pizzas	neutral
and I each had pasta and was excellent .	pasta	neutral
Handmade pasta with broccoli rabe and fennel sausage reminded me of small family restaurants back East .	pasta	neutral
Great service , prices very fair and perfect size portions .	service	neutral
Great service , prices very fair and perfect size portions .	portions	neutral
I always get just one pepperoni pizza and people who order after me get their food right away .	pepperoni pizza	neutral
Imagine my delight several months ago that I stumbled onto Pork on a Fork .	Pork	neutral
A very large office full of people happily eating delicious bbq to their hearts ' content .	bbq	neutral
This place is amazing ! ! !	place	neutral
Not only is the customer service great , which it is , but my orders have always been delivered on time by very gracious folks with nary an issue .	customer service	neutral
The food is always hot and fresh .	food	neutral
Listen folks , if you 're looking for great food at great prices with an awesome staff , then this is where you need to order from .	food	neutral
Listen folks , if you 're looking for great food at great prices with an awesome staff , then this is where you need to order from .	staff	neutral
Whether it 's work - related or personal , Pork on a Fork is THE go - to place !	Pork on a Fork	neutral
Went with a friend and we split two pizzas , the four cheese and a mushroom pizza .	four cheese	neutral
The dough is perfectly crispy and fluffy all at the same time !	dough	neutral
Pizzas are reasonably priced , around $ 15 .	Pizzas	neutral
They also have a $ 30 ( i think ) prix fixe menu that I would totally love to try because the appetizers and desserts sounded amazing .	prix fixe menu	neutral
They also have a $ 30 ( i think ) prix fixe menu that I would totally love to try because the appetizers and desserts sounded amazing .	appetizers	neutral
They also have a $ 30 ( i think ) prix fixe menu that I would totally love to try because the appetizers and desserts sounded amazing .	desserts	neutral
What really seals the deal on this place , though , is the ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
We sat upstairs and the huge glass windows really make the place .	glass windows	neutral
I would go to this place if only just to sit in this room !	room	neutral
The only drawback of this place is that it 's all the way out in Leslieville !	place	neutral
The bartender was very nice and helpful in taking my order for wings but as far as the management goes I am very offened and disgusted .	bartender	neutral
The bartender was very nice and helpful in taking my order for wings but as far as the management goes I am very offened and disgusted .	management	neutral
The music was loud	music	neutral
As for food , even at 4 .	food	neutral
$ a dish ( dirt cheap )	dish	neutral
, I still feel like I 've been underwhelmed on most parts other than the salt profile : everything ( including the sauce and soup ) was saturated with NaCl ( or sodium chloride for non - chemists ; table salt for scientifically - illiterates ) .	sauce	neutral
, I still feel like I 've been underwhelmed on most parts other than the salt profile : everything ( including the sauce and soup ) was saturated with NaCl ( or sodium chloride for non - chemists ; table salt for scientifically - illiterates ) .	soup	neutral
I felt like I was walking Bob , my chihuahua , down in New Orleans during hurricane season , where Bob and I involuntarily swallow a couple liters of sea water each -- except at L'entrepot , t'was a torrent of iodized table salt and no water ( very busy night , despite the numbers of waiters ) .	waiters	neutral
5 $ maple glazed onion rings sounded like a nice deal until you realize it 's just a fancy name with no maple taste or maple what - so - ever .	onion rings	neutral
The burgers , namely the ' constructeur ' , the ' BBQ fum辿 ' , and the ' Swiss aux champignons ' had cheap patties that ' felt like Harvey 's ' .	burgers	neutral
The burgers , namely the ' constructeur ' , the ' BBQ fum辿 ' , and the ' Swiss aux champignons ' had cheap patties that ' felt like Harvey 's ' .	constructeur	neutral
The burgers , namely the ' constructeur ' , the ' BBQ fum辿 ' , and the ' Swiss aux champignons ' had cheap patties that ' felt like Harvey 's ' .	BBQ fum辿	neutral
The burgers , namely the ' constructeur ' , the ' BBQ fum辿 ' , and the ' Swiss aux champignons ' had cheap patties that ' felt like Harvey 's ' .	Swiss aux	neutral
It 's good , but it 's been better is the theme of this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Had the brisket nachos , which use to contain shredded brisket , but is now sprinkled on like chocolate chips .	brisket nachos	neutral
This seems interesting , until the server removes the starter , and your nachos spread out on the plate like a fat guy at the beach .	server	neutral
This seems interesting , until the server removes the starter , and your nachos spread out on the plate like a fat guy at the beach .	nachos	neutral
Flavor wise the nachos were good , especially the chips , but as I said before the brisket was just a sprinkling .	nachos	neutral
Flavor wise the nachos were good , especially the chips , but as I said before the brisket was just a sprinkling .	chips	neutral
Flavor wise the nachos were good , especially the chips , but as I said before the brisket was just a sprinkling .	brisket	neutral
Besides the nachos , we had the sashimi won - tacos .	nachos	neutral
Besides the nachos , we had the sashimi won - tacos .	sashimi won - tacos	neutral
The tacos were good , but nothing special .	tacos	neutral
Overall , the food was good , and there is a lot to choose from .	food	neutral
Just know that you will get average food with good flavor ... if that makes sense .	food	neutral
We had AYCE sushi - for $ 27 per person .	sushi	neutral
this place is by far the worst ayce places that I 've ever tried before .	ayce	neutral
First off - the food was very VERY POOR QUALITY .	food	neutral
The eel sushi was n't fresh at all .	eel sushi	neutral
Very poor quality of sashimi .	sashimi	neutral
The Korean food were ok but after the sour tofu we were hesitant to order anything with tofu in it .	Korean food	neutral
The Korean food were ok but after the sour tofu we were hesitant to order anything with tofu in it .	sour tofu	neutral
Slow and poor service - they kept messing up our order .	service	neutral
Best advice - stay away from this restaurant if you do n't want to get sick the next day and be stuck on the toilet	restaurant	neutral
Disgusting food .	food	neutral
Frozen raviolli , powdered gravy nonsense , worst cheese meatball .	raviolli	neutral
Frozen raviolli , powdered gravy nonsense , worst cheese meatball .	cheese meatball	neutral
Alright for a drink in the summer but stay away from the food .	food	neutral
The service was great and the drinks and coupons were awesome .	service	neutral
The service was great and the drinks and coupons were awesome .	drinks	neutral
The service was great and the drinks and coupons were awesome .	coupons	neutral
All the food we ordered was great except for the chili it was salty to point it was n't edible .	food	neutral
All the food we ordered was great except for the chili it was salty to point it was n't edible .	chili	neutral
The waiter took the chili back	waiter	neutral
U get a free bull ride with receipt of purchase which is pretty cool	bull ride	neutral
The drinks are like a college dive bar and those Chinese takeout boxes look so unappetizing .	drinks	neutral
The drinks are like a college dive bar and those Chinese takeout boxes look so unappetizing .	Chinese takeout boxes	neutral
Food is terrible .	Food	neutral
How do you spend so much on the fixtures and design and completely drop the ball when it comes to food and drinks .	fixtures	neutral
How do you spend so much on the fixtures and design and completely drop the ball when it comes to food and drinks .	food	neutral
How do you spend so much on the fixtures and design and completely drop the ball when it comes to food and drinks .	drinks	neutral
Service is terrible too , they all need to be trained on service etiquette .	Service	neutral
When you enter the restaurant you are welcomed by two life statues of people just like you and me except they are wearing traditional South Indian clothing .	South	neutral
This is a nice touch , this and the wonderful beckoning interior color decor , fusia and oranges ... very stimulating .	interior color decor	neutral
This is a nice touch , this and the wonderful beckoning interior color decor , fusia and oranges ... very stimulating .	fusia and	neutral
This is a nice touch , this and the wonderful beckoning interior color decor , fusia and oranges ... very stimulating .	oranges	neutral
but yet the owner of the restaurant graciously opened the all you can eat buffet for us , so we had first dibs at fresh tasty Indian food .	all you can eat buffet	neutral
but yet the owner of the restaurant graciously opened the all you can eat buffet for us , so we had first dibs at fresh tasty Indian food .	Indian food	neutral
so therefore it affects the heat of the Indian food	Indian food	neutral
The buffet itself has many options , most notably the nice assortment of bread and the desserts .	buffet	neutral
The buffet itself has many options , most notably the nice assortment of bread and the desserts .	assortment	neutral
The buffet itself has many options , most notably the nice assortment of bread and the desserts .	bread	neutral
The buffet itself has many options , most notably the nice assortment of bread and the desserts .	desserts	neutral
The mango salad was so delicious	mango salad	neutral
My personal favourite is the Gulab Jamon which I could eat forever and create a diabetic problem for myself .	Gulab Jamon	neutral
The lunch buffet is a bit steep at $ 20 , I know other Indian places that charge $ 11 to $ 15 for a lunch buffet	lunch buffet	neutral
The lunch buffet is a bit steep at $ 20 , I know other Indian places that charge $ 11 to $ 15 for a lunch buffet	lunch	neutral
All in all a nice Indian place to eat with milder South Indian flavours .	South Indian	neutral
Worst sushi experience .	sushi	neutral
We are not sure why this restaurant has any positive reviews .	restaurant	neutral
Do not order the teriyaki chicken or anything else for that matter .	teriyaki chicken	neutral
I especially love the coconut dessert soup and breaded shrimp .	coconut dessert soup	neutral
I especially love the coconut dessert soup and breaded shrimp .	breaded shrimp	neutral
The service is horrible .	service	neutral
because it took so long to get service	service	neutral
The staff were hanging about the bar complaining about the other staff , that creates a horrible atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Yes the bagels are wonderful and it 's great pricing .	bagels	neutral
But the customer service is the worst thing in the world .	customer service	neutral
Every time I have been there , they have the worlds grumpiest old man working , he must be a manager but he is rude the entire time you are there .	man	neutral
a bagel box+another dozen bagels .	bagels	neutral
Delicious GIANT bowl of Pho that hit the spot .	bowl	neutral
Delicious GIANT bowl of Pho that hit the spot .	Pho	neutral
The herbs and bean sprouts were super fresh .	herbs and bean sprouts	neutral
The Pho broth was perfect and there was so much steak that I could n't finish it all .	Pho broth	neutral
The crunchy eggrolls were very tasty too !	crunchy eggrolls	neutral
Accompanied with fresh crunchy lettuce and herbs .	lettuce	neutral
We finished the meal with their insanely delicious macaron ice cream sandwiches .	macaron ice cream sandwiches	neutral
Service was great too !	Service	neutral
You just have to get past the not so pretty exterior because the food is worth it .	exterior	neutral
You just have to get past the not so pretty exterior because the food is worth it .	food	neutral
Considering it 's in the airport , the food was better than expected .	food	neutral
The wait staff is a bit overwhelmed and I asked for Water several times before we actually got it .	wait staff	neutral
Even though this place is a small establishment the customer service and the food portions were adequate .	customer service	neutral
Even though this place is a small establishment the customer service and the food portions were adequate .	food portions	neutral
We got the chimichanga for lunch and it was absolutely the right amount .	chimichanga	neutral
The food was very flavorful and to me this is more of an upscale place then a small restaurant .	food	neutral
The food was very flavorful and to me this is more of an upscale place then a small restaurant .	place	neutral
The food was very flavorful and to me this is more of an upscale place then a small restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
I absolutely loved everything about this place ! ! !	place	neutral
The customer service .	customer service	neutral
The food and drinks ....	food	neutral
The food and drinks ....	drinks	neutral
The feeling of a real down to earth coffee shop experience .	coffee	neutral
Tacos were fantastic and flour tortilla was also one of the best I 've had in the valley .	Tacos	neutral
Tacos were fantastic and flour tortilla was also one of the best I 've had in the valley .	flour tortilla	neutral
My friends and I were pleased ... and the food is always great .	food	neutral
Joseph Eafrate is so rude and condescending .	Joseph	neutral
This place is also not very LGBT friendly at all - they do not recognize LGBT relationships .	place	neutral
I would never recommend this place to anyone .	place	neutral
What a great spot !	spot	neutral
The space itself is awesome - great seating , comfortable chairs , lots of natural light , very welcoming , and the staff was super friendly .	space	neutral
The space itself is awesome - great seating , comfortable chairs , lots of natural light , very welcoming , and the staff was super friendly .	seating	neutral
The space itself is awesome - great seating , comfortable chairs , lots of natural light , very welcoming , and the staff was super friendly .	chairs	neutral
The space itself is awesome - great seating , comfortable chairs , lots of natural light , very welcoming , and the staff was super friendly .	light	neutral
The space itself is awesome - great seating , comfortable chairs , lots of natural light , very welcoming , and the staff was super friendly .	staff	neutral
The pizza is awesome , and the pepperoni is actually buffalo , which tasted awesome .	pizza	neutral
The pizza is awesome , and the pepperoni is actually buffalo , which tasted awesome .	pepperoni	neutral
The salad was really good too - love the dressing !	salad	neutral
The salad was really good too - love the dressing !	dressing	neutral
Had the duck taquitos - appetizer , chicken tortilla soup and banana flamb辿 dessert .	duck taquitos	neutral
Had the duck taquitos - appetizer , chicken tortilla soup and banana flamb辿 dessert .	chicken tortilla soup	neutral
I wish they would make the taquitos an entree , that is how delicious they were !	taquitos	neutral
The soup was OK .	soup	neutral
The 4 stars are for the taquitos , the dessert and the service .	taquitos	neutral
The 4 stars are for the taquitos , the dessert and the service .	dessert	neutral
The 4 stars are for the taquitos , the dessert and the service .	service	neutral
I do n't know if this is a place for you .	place	neutral
What happened to this place ?	place	neutral
The meat was inedible .	meat	neutral
The waitress mixed our order and someone in our party ended up eating a full hour after everyone else .	waitress	neutral
To add to the outrage -- they charged $ 9 for 3 stale pieces of bread .	bread	neutral
This place is now a no - go DUMP .	place	neutral
Bad service .	service	neutral
Is it possible to give a place zero stars ?	place	neutral
Wonton noodle soup is what people come here for , and it 's great !	Wonton noodle soup	neutral
Satisfying portions , delicious taste , and good value is what keeps me coming back to Jim	portions	neutral
Try paying a little extra to get the wonton lo mein ( noodles with no soup ) version , which also comes with some oyster sauce on top .	wonton lo mein ( noodles with no soup )	neutral
The restaurant is clean and has friendly staff , especially the guy who collects money at the cash register .	staff	neutral
What a friendly guy !	guy	neutral
There is free parking in the outdoor plaza but it could be challenging to find a spot during peak eating times ( lunch , dinner )	outdoor plaza	neutral
The entire mix of food , drink , surroundings and patrons is so wonderfully eclectic and is proof positive that Charlotte & her " Noda " neighborhood have got a lot .	food	neutral
The entire mix of food , drink , surroundings and patrons is so wonderfully eclectic and is proof positive that Charlotte & her " Noda " neighborhood have got a lot .	drink	neutral
The entire mix of food , drink , surroundings and patrons is so wonderfully eclectic and is proof positive that Charlotte & her " Noda " neighborhood have got a lot .	surroundings	neutral
BUT definitely get any sandwich that has the jalapeno bacon .	sandwich	neutral
BUT definitely get any sandwich that has the jalapeno bacon .	jalapeno bacon	neutral
This is the worst restaurant ever .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant looks great but services and foods are horrible compare to the appearance of the restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant looks great but services and foods are horrible compare to the appearance of the restaurant .	services	neutral
The restaurant looks great but services and foods are horrible compare to the appearance of the restaurant .	foods	neutral
The restaurant looks great but services and foods are horrible compare to the appearance of the restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Surprisingly a waitress carved the duck ! ! !	waitress	neutral
If the price of foods are little more than other restaurant , customers expect more quality services but it was below average .	foods	neutral
If the price of foods are little more than other restaurant , customers expect more quality services but it was below average .	services	neutral
Food and services are way below average .	Food	neutral
Food and services are way below average .	services	neutral
Very misleading Yelp offer , they say free appetizer but refused to provide and only offered vanilla ice cream with some syrup versus authentic green tea ice cream , food is good but not nice or legal to bait and switch	green tea ice cream	neutral
Very misleading Yelp offer , they say free appetizer but refused to provide and only offered vanilla ice cream with some syrup versus authentic green tea ice cream , food is good but not nice or legal to bait and switch	food	neutral
I remember walking past the firehall ever since I was little and the line - ups have n't changed .	firehall	neutral
I remember walking past the firehall ever since I was little and the line - ups have n't changed .	line -	neutral
From Kawartha ice cream flavours , tart & fruity froyo , chocolate - dipped fruits & candies , mini cakes , cupcakes , macarons , and tarts ... as well as packaged bars of chocolates made from beans all around the world to packaged popcorn and a refreshing selection of glass - bottled sodas ... anyone and everyone with a sweet tooth ( or any kind of tooth ) will find something tempting and satisfying to taste .	Kawartha ice cream flavours	neutral
From Kawartha ice cream flavours , tart & fruity froyo , chocolate - dipped fruits & candies , mini cakes , cupcakes , macarons , and tarts ... as well as packaged bars of chocolates made from beans all around the world to packaged popcorn and a refreshing selection of glass - bottled sodas ... anyone and everyone with a sweet tooth ( or any kind of tooth ) will find something tempting and satisfying to taste .	fruity froyo	neutral
From Kawartha ice cream flavours , tart & fruity froyo , chocolate - dipped fruits & candies , mini cakes , cupcakes , macarons , and tarts ... as well as packaged bars of chocolates made from beans all around the world to packaged popcorn and a refreshing selection of glass - bottled sodas ... anyone and everyone with a sweet tooth ( or any kind of tooth ) will find something tempting and satisfying to taste .	fruits	neutral
From Kawartha ice cream flavours , tart & fruity froyo , chocolate - dipped fruits & candies , mini cakes , cupcakes , macarons , and tarts ... as well as packaged bars of chocolates made from beans all around the world to packaged popcorn and a refreshing selection of glass - bottled sodas ... anyone and everyone with a sweet tooth ( or any kind of tooth ) will find something tempting and satisfying to taste .	candies	neutral
From Kawartha ice cream flavours , tart & fruity froyo , chocolate - dipped fruits & candies , mini cakes , cupcakes , macarons , and tarts ... as well as packaged bars of chocolates made from beans all around the world to packaged popcorn and a refreshing selection of glass - bottled sodas ... anyone and everyone with a sweet tooth ( or any kind of tooth ) will find something tempting and satisfying to taste .	mini cakes	neutral
From Kawartha ice cream flavours , tart & fruity froyo , chocolate - dipped fruits & candies , mini cakes , cupcakes , macarons , and tarts ... as well as packaged bars of chocolates made from beans all around the world to packaged popcorn and a refreshing selection of glass - bottled sodas ... anyone and everyone with a sweet tooth ( or any kind of tooth ) will find something tempting and satisfying to taste .	cupcakes	neutral
From Kawartha ice cream flavours , tart & fruity froyo , chocolate - dipped fruits & candies , mini cakes , cupcakes , macarons , and tarts ... as well as packaged bars of chocolates made from beans all around the world to packaged popcorn and a refreshing selection of glass - bottled sodas ... anyone and everyone with a sweet tooth ( or any kind of tooth ) will find something tempting and satisfying to taste .	macarons	neutral
From Kawartha ice cream flavours , tart & fruity froyo , chocolate - dipped fruits & candies , mini cakes , cupcakes , macarons , and tarts ... as well as packaged bars of chocolates made from beans all around the world to packaged popcorn and a refreshing selection of glass - bottled sodas ... anyone and everyone with a sweet tooth ( or any kind of tooth ) will find something tempting and satisfying to taste .	packaged popcorn	neutral
From Kawartha ice cream flavours , tart & fruity froyo , chocolate - dipped fruits & candies , mini cakes , cupcakes , macarons , and tarts ... as well as packaged bars of chocolates made from beans all around the world to packaged popcorn and a refreshing selection of glass - bottled sodas ... anyone and everyone with a sweet tooth ( or any kind of tooth ) will find something tempting and satisfying to taste .	glass - bottled sodas	neutral
Over the years , I 've tried their ice cream which is always not toocreamy but light , and their froyo .	ice cream	neutral
Over the years , I 've tried their ice cream which is always not toocreamy but light , and their froyo .	froyo	neutral
Their truffles are also amazing - the prices of the Firehall 's goods will surprise you a bit but they are worth every penny .	truffles	neutral
Their truffles are also amazing - the prices of the Firehall 's goods will surprise you a bit but they are worth every penny .	Firehall 's goods	neutral
Their baked goods and chocolates are made in - store so you can definitely count on consistent quality and perfect flavours .	baked goods	neutral
Their baked goods and chocolates are made in - store so you can definitely count on consistent quality and perfect flavours .	chocolates	neutral
Their baked goods and chocolates are made in - store so you can definitely count on consistent quality and perfect flavours .	flavours	neutral
For those looking for a must - try truffle , I recommend the grean tea flavour and the blueberry yoghurt one .	grean tea flavour	neutral
For those looking for a must - try truffle , I recommend the grean tea flavour and the blueberry yoghurt one .	blueberry yoghurt	neutral
The green tea one is nice and creamy and so is the blueberry one	green tea	neutral
The green tea one is nice and creamy and so is the blueberry one	blueberry	neutral
Their packaged chocolate bars are also a good treat to take - out .	packaged chocolate bars	neutral
Last one I had was the 70 % cacao dark chocolate with caramelized pistachios - a great blend of bitter chocolate and nuts - a good choice for those with a smaller sweet tooth .	70 % cacao dark chocolate with caramelized pistachios	neutral
This was a really sweet treat which we took a while to finish - great for those who really like nutty chocolate and sweeeeeet sweeeet goods .	chocolate	neutral
Another cool dessert that I 'd recommend is the Kalamansi macaron .	dessert	neutral
Another cool dessert that I 'd recommend is the Kalamansi macaron .	Kalamansi macaron	neutral
The intense flavours of the calamansi pair well with the sweetness found in macarons .	calamansi	neutral
The intense flavours of the calamansi pair well with the sweetness found in macarons .	macarons	neutral
Although the kalamansi macaron itself is n't sour ( it 's sweet )	kalamansi macaron	neutral
, there 's a distinguishable kalamamsi citrus flavour - a flavour that ca n't be imitated with other common citrus fruits like the orange or the lemon .	kalamamsi citrus flavour	neutral
, there 's a distinguishable kalamamsi citrus flavour - a flavour that ca n't be imitated with other common citrus fruits like the orange or the lemon .	orange	neutral
For your sweet cravings , this confectionery is sure to satisfy your needs .	confectionery	neutral
First i tried the lasagna .	lasagna	neutral
The noodles were over cooked and literally once slice of imagination cheese in between .	noodles	neutral
Decided to give it another try the pizza was horrible .	pizza	neutral
and there wad barely any on the pizza .	pizza	neutral
A perfect place to go when you 're craving a hot bowl of yummy ramen .	ramen	neutral
Broth is good and pork is tender .	Broth	neutral
Broth is good and pork is tender .	pork	neutral
Service is prompt and courteous .	Service	neutral
I do love their $ 5 pizza and how it is always ready .	pizza	neutral
The wings are so - so , so normally I just go for the pizza .	wings	neutral
The staff here are always friendly and the service is quick .	staff	neutral
The staff here are always friendly and the service is quick .	service	neutral
The best part of this place is the amazing decor and ambiance .	decor	neutral
The best part of this place is the amazing decor and ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
Food is just fine , but expensive ( vegas nightclub strip restaurant , go figure ! ) .	Food	neutral
Just FYI , you must get an entree which does not include most of the sushi , soups , etc . if you want free access to the club .	sushi	neutral
Edamame was SUPER spicy , but I am into that sorta thing	Edamame	neutral
The tempura was average .	tempura	neutral
If you could n't tell the sushi roll was very unmemorable to me .	sushi roll	neutral
However , this suchi roll was $ 32 !	suchi roll	neutral
My husband got the lobster pad thai which was presented great , but taste was again average to me .	lobster pad thai	neutral
The highlight of the night was the giant fortune cookie desert that they bring out for celebrations .	desert	neutral
Probably wo n't be back if it is my job to choose a place , but the food was edible , in a beautiful location , with friendly servers .	food	neutral
Probably wo n't be back if it is my job to choose a place , but the food was edible , in a beautiful location , with friendly servers .	location	neutral
Probably wo n't be back if it is my job to choose a place , but the food was edible , in a beautiful location , with friendly servers .	servers	neutral
Fresh fish in the sushi , fast service , very reasonable prices	fish	neutral
Fresh fish in the sushi , fast service , very reasonable prices	sushi	neutral
Fresh fish in the sushi , fast service , very reasonable prices	service	neutral
Unfortunately , I feel the quality of Marche 's food has consistently gone downhill for the past 5 years .	food	neutral
Soup temperature is luke warm .	Soup temperature	neutral
Salad looks like it 's been sitting out for hours - on - end .	Salad	neutral
Pad thai noodle was blackened and burnt .	Pad thai noodle	neutral
I tried the BLT ... great sandwich at a very affordable price ( they have daily $ 5 deals ) .	BLT	neutral
Their selection of FREE dipping sauces are also very good .	FREE	neutral
Their selection of FREE dipping sauces are also very good .	dipping sauces	neutral
I will definitely be back to try their other sandwiches .	sandwiches	neutral
As a tourist , you might be wondering where can you go that is not overpriced and without a waiter service during lunch as you walk down the strip .	waiter service	neutral
They make the best pizza ever .	pizza	neutral
I got " # 3 TOMATO , ARTICHOKE , RED ONION , PESTO , FETA , MOZZARELLA " which was good for my belly and my husband raved about " # 7 PROSCIUTTO , CARAMELIZED ONIONS , MOZZARELLA , PARMESAN .	TOMATO ,	neutral
I got " # 3 TOMATO , ARTICHOKE , RED ONION , PESTO , FETA , MOZZARELLA " which was good for my belly and my husband raved about " # 7 PROSCIUTTO , CARAMELIZED ONIONS , MOZZARELLA , PARMESAN .	ARTICHOKE	neutral
I got " # 3 TOMATO , ARTICHOKE , RED ONION , PESTO , FETA , MOZZARELLA " which was good for my belly and my husband raved about " # 7 PROSCIUTTO , CARAMELIZED ONIONS , MOZZARELLA , PARMESAN .	PROSCIUTTO	neutral
Please do stop by " underground " and enjoy the pizza that is not overpriced and delish !	pizza	neutral
The food : Low quality .	food	neutral
Our wings came out completely charred , Brussels sprouts were slimy and gross , shrimp tacos were overly salted .	wings	neutral
Our wings came out completely charred , Brussels sprouts were slimy and gross , shrimp tacos were overly salted .	Brussels sprouts	neutral
Our wings came out completely charred , Brussels sprouts were slimy and gross , shrimp tacos were overly salted .	shrimp tacos	neutral
Chicken came out in a side dish with blue liquid on the bottom ( chicken and detergent ? )	Chicken	neutral
The service : Our waitress , Teresa , slammed our food down on the table and never came back to check in and see how things were .	waitress	neutral
The service : Our waitress , Teresa , slammed our food down on the table and never came back to check in and see how things were .	Teresa	neutral
The front desk gave is the run around and said if we stayed they could change rooms for us the next day .	front desk	neutral
The beds are stiff and sheets are itchy .	beds	neutral
The beds are stiff and sheets are itchy .	sheets	neutral
The casino is smoky and the drink staff is few and far between for the slot players .	drink staff	neutral
The buffet is normally pretty good and they have a line if you are a guest at the hotel or are handicapped .	buffet	neutral
Definitely , will not return to this hotel .	hotel	neutral
Because patties are such an individual preference the top 3 in my books were Randy 's , Allan 's and Michidean 's .	patties	neutral
They each have a different spin on how they do patties .	patties	neutral
They have ready to serve individual as well as boxed precooked and uncooked patties .	patties	neutral
This review however is for the traditional cooked and ready to serve beef patties .	beef patties	neutral
Patty Time patties are fat , fat patties !	Patty Time patties	neutral
There is a ton of saucy ground beef with an excellent spicy and savoury combination .	ground beef	neutral
There is a ton of saucy ground beef with an excellent spicy and savoury combination .	spicy	neutral
The shell itself is extremely thin so you can kinda say that they are almost a low carb patty !	shell	neutral
Patties are made in store and fresh .	Patties	neutral
Service was first class , and the atmosphere was modern , simple , and classy .	Service	neutral
Service was first class , and the atmosphere was modern , simple , and classy .	atmosphere	neutral
Definately someplace you would n't look crazy for wearing a cocktail dress .	cocktail	neutral
Sake on draft came in these lovely little bottles that seemed to be endless once poured in the heavy ceramic black bottle and served so politely in little black ceramic cups .	Sake	neutral
Sake on draft came in these lovely little bottles that seemed to be endless once poured in the heavy ceramic black bottle and served so politely in little black ceramic cups .	bottles	neutral
He was so happy with this place , from the decor to the food .	place	neutral
He was so happy with this place , from the decor to the food .	decor	neutral
He was so happy with this place , from the decor to the food .	food	neutral
I was happy , but if I go I 'll get something other than the burger .	burger	neutral
I got a burger .	burger	neutral
It was good , and the sauce was delicious , but I was totally jealous of my boyfriend 's pork belly and spicy salmon sushi ( super filled with fish and tasty as f ) .	sauce	neutral
It was good , and the sauce was delicious , but I was totally jealous of my boyfriend 's pork belly and spicy salmon sushi ( super filled with fish and tasty as f ) .	pork belly	neutral
It was good , and the sauce was delicious , but I was totally jealous of my boyfriend 's pork belly and spicy salmon sushi ( super filled with fish and tasty as f ) .	spicy salmon sushi	neutral
but it game with fries cut so thinly ( think shoestring onions ) that it was kinda weird to eat .	fries	neutral
Not very substantial , and definitely not a good first date food .	food	neutral
They were great for picking at once the sake kicked it , however !	sake	neutral
Complementary wasabi peas were a nice touch .	wasabi peas	neutral
Also ordered the oysters which were great , yet pricey .	oysters	neutral
I 'll definitely do that next time , or we 'll just come on Monday for their half priced sushi because it 's bomb !	half	neutral
I 'll definitely do that next time , or we 'll just come on Monday for their half priced sushi because it 's bomb !	sushi	neutral
This place honestly had extremely terrible service since it opened .	service	neutral
I frequently visit this place because Snakes and Lattes would get really busy but the waiter here fails to provide basic hospitality when we enter .	waiter	neutral
The waiter came back and made a point about it and just WALKED AWAY like he 's some sort of God .	waiter	neutral
BTW , the staff at this place has NO KNOWLEDGE of most of the games !	staff	neutral
Oh and the drinks and food were of low standard while the markup on the price is beyond a gaming caf辿 should charge .	drinks	neutral
Oh and the drinks and food were of low standard while the markup on the price is beyond a gaming caf辿 should charge .	food	neutral
We did n't expect $ 40 steaks for $ 20 but what we did get was just fine for what we paid .	steaks	neutral
We knew this going in & ended up having a decent meal , decently priced .	meal	neutral
Our server was polite and accommodating .	server	neutral
Service was quick .	Service	neutral
We paid $ 35 for a ribeye & the lone prime rib .	ribeye	neutral
We paid $ 35 for a ribeye & the lone prime rib .	prime rib	neutral
Bottom line , nothing special but more than met our expectations for a franchise restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Fabulous new Greek QSR .	Greek QSR	neutral
The gyros are full of meat and their spicy tazikki ( spelling ? ) is awesome .	gyros	neutral
The gyros are full of meat and their spicy tazikki ( spelling ? ) is awesome .	spicy tazikki	neutral
Happy I found this place .	place	neutral
The setting is like a movie set in the 70s that 's portraying a 50 's diner , complete with The Bee Gees ' Stayin Alive ' playing in the background .	setting	neutral
Food was OK .	Food	neutral
Which is a shame , cause it 's affordable , and the service was quite excellent .	service	neutral
So five stars for service , setting , and affordability .	service	neutral
So five stars for service , setting , and affordability .	setting	neutral
Food was excellent .	Food	neutral
We had two salads they were both great .	salads	neutral
The second was the pollo salad .	pollo salad	neutral
I must say that all the ingredients were so fresh .	ingredients	neutral
It was really good food .	food	neutral
The reason for the four stars was our service .	service	neutral
While the food came out timely , the server seemed like she disliked her job .	server	neutral
Lastly we got desserts and they were great too !	desserts	neutral
Hopefully we have a better waitress next time .	waitress	neutral
Very efficient if at times pushy service which is not unusual for dimsum restaurants .	service	neutral
The basic food items like shumai , shrimp dumplings , pork ribs in black bean sauce were decent .	food	neutral
The basic food items like shumai , shrimp dumplings , pork ribs in black bean sauce were decent .	shumai	neutral
The basic food items like shumai , shrimp dumplings , pork ribs in black bean sauce were decent .	shrimp dumplings	neutral
The basic food items like shumai , shrimp dumplings , pork ribs in black bean sauce were decent .	pork ribs in black bean sauce	neutral
We also ordered a plate of chow fun which was good .	chow fun	neutral
Decent dim sum , perhaps slightly more efficient than c - fu gourmet across the intersection .	dim sum	neutral
The large pizza is only 12 " , the crust was tough , almost no cheese , and both pizzas were very bland in taste .	large pizza	neutral
The large pizza is only 12 " , the crust was tough , almost no cheese , and both pizzas were very bland in taste .	crust	neutral
The large pizza is only 12 " , the crust was tough , almost no cheese , and both pizzas were very bland in taste .	pizzas	neutral
The salad was mostly romaine lettuce , with three small slices of tomato .	salad	neutral
When I called to tell of our disappointment , the person on the phone was defensive ( obviously not her first complaint ) and told me to call back next week when the manager / owner was back .	manager	neutral
Always consistent and one of the rare chains that constantly delivery good food and service .	food	neutral
Always consistent and one of the rare chains that constantly delivery good food and service .	service	neutral
Good , straightforward Italian - family style	Italian	neutral
I was excited to try this place but the service was terrible .	place	neutral
I was excited to try this place but the service was terrible .	service	neutral
My wife 's caramel brownie , on the other hand , was super .	caramel brownie	neutral
Horrible service , not accommodating , lipstick marks on glasses , inexperienced employees , burnt food ....	service	neutral
Horrible service , not accommodating , lipstick marks on glasses , inexperienced employees , burnt food ....	glasses	neutral
Horrible service , not accommodating , lipstick marks on glasses , inexperienced employees , burnt food ....	employees	neutral
Horrible service , not accommodating , lipstick marks on glasses , inexperienced employees , burnt food ....	food	neutral
The best burrito place in town !	burrito place	neutral
Fresh ingredients and plenty of toppings in your burrito .	ingredients	neutral
Fresh ingredients and plenty of toppings in your burrito .	burrito	neutral
It was very difficult to relocate my party of 14 on Sunday because of this restaurant 's blunder .	restaurant	neutral
Overall I was very disappointed with the lack of customer service .	customer service	neutral
The staff here is amazingly friendly .	staff	neutral
The food could be much better .	food	neutral
The waiter recommended the French onion soup .	waiter	neutral
The waiter recommended the French onion soup .	French onion soup	neutral
I know french onion tends to be salty but this one was so salty I could n't bear to eat much of it after I got past the cheese and bread topping .	french onion	neutral
The chopped salad I had was overdressed and watery .	chopped salad	neutral
To be fair , this is a steakhouse and I did n't try the steaks .	steaks	neutral
Overall , good service , bad food , but it deserves a 3 to be fair .	service	neutral
Overall , good service , bad food , but it deserves a 3 to be fair .	food	neutral
We went at about 1:15pm , and were told that the wait would be 45 min .	wait	neutral
Was not a huge fan of the eggs , I found them to be extremely salty .	eggs	neutral
The herbed potatoes were unreal though , and the fruit was fresh and a change from the standard brunch fruit .	herbed potatoes	neutral
The herbed potatoes were unreal though , and the fruit was fresh and a change from the standard brunch fruit .	fruit	neutral
I also ordered an orange juice on the side , real fresh and tasty .	orange juice	neutral
2 ) Healthy Primavera - a friend ordered this , and I tried a bite .	Primavera	neutral
If you enjoy the seafood / egg combo action , you will probably enjoy that Blue Plate Special .	seafood / egg combo	neutral
If you enjoy the seafood / egg combo action , you will probably enjoy that Blue Plate Special .	Blue Plate Special	neutral
Overall , the restaurant is super cute and the staff is really friendly .	restaurant	neutral
Overall , the restaurant is super cute and the staff is really friendly .	staff	neutral
The ingredients were fresh and delicious .	ingredients	neutral
This place is a five star sports bar , but not worthy of the status as a five star restaurant .	place	neutral
This place is a five star sports bar , but not worthy of the status as a five star restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The food is good and inline with most sports bars .	food	neutral
Full bar and great service is a huge plus .	bar	neutral
Full bar and great service is a huge plus .	service	neutral
Thanks for the amazing service today Stevieeee ! ! ! ! !	service	neutral
What a great place for lunch and having someone as sweet as Steviee to chat with made it even better !	place	neutral
Boire est un bar / brasserie qui vous propose des bi竪res vraiment pas ch竪res et des plats comme des burgers , tapas ou encore fish & chips .	burgers	neutral
Boire est un bar / brasserie qui vous propose des bi竪res vraiment pas ch竪res et des plats comme des burgers , tapas ou encore fish & chips .	tapas	neutral
Boire est un bar / brasserie qui vous propose des bi竪res vraiment pas ch竪res et des plats comme des burgers , tapas ou encore fish & chips .	fish & chips	neutral
Avec les coll竪gues , j'avais test辿 les gyozas frits au lapin en guise de tapas .	gyozas	neutral
^^. Les autres avaient opt辿 pour des hamburgers : tr竪s bon aussi selon eux !	hamburgers	neutral
il y a aussi une terrasse accessible depuis l'int辿rieur , mais en	terrasse	neutral
De plus , un service agr辿able et disponible si besoin .	service	neutral
Ajoutez  cela une ambiance	ambiance	neutral
This place has come a long way !	place	neutral
After they remodeled the place in the summer , I 'd say the food and service has gotten much better .	place	neutral
After they remodeled the place in the summer , I 'd say the food and service has gotten much better .	food	neutral
After they remodeled the place in the summer , I 'd say the food and service has gotten much better .	service	neutral
The orders do n't take an hour anymore , plus the hot pot has gotten a nice change !	orders	neutral
The orders do n't take an hour anymore , plus the hot pot has gotten a nice change !	hot pot	neutral
We usually order the Spicy beef hot pot medium , looks much better than before .	Spicy beef hot pot	neutral
I have n't tried their BBQ yet because I was n't as pleased the last time , but perhaps the next time , I will def give it a shot .	BBQ	neutral
All hotpot orders come with ice cream also : )	hotpot	neutral
They discontinued one of my favorite pastas ever .	pastas	neutral
The spaghetti and meatballs .	spaghetti	neutral
The Aviation cocktail .	Aviation cocktail	neutral
The ( now - discontinued ) Crabonara .	Crabonara	neutral
The Moscow Mule .	Moscow Mule	neutral
The location of this restaurant is at The Linq .	restaurant	neutral
but I could get a seat at the bar which I could still have a full meal without any wait at all .	bar	neutral
Service by the bartenders was excellent and making sure myself and other patrons were taken care of .	Service	neutral
Service by the bartenders was excellent and making sure myself and other patrons were taken care of .	bartenders	neutral
and it was the Lobster Mac N Cheese .	Lobster Mac N Cheese	neutral
If there was one way to make a mac n cheese more indulgent	mac n cheese	neutral
There were enough chunks of lobster to keep you happy .	lobster	neutral
First , there are no bathrooms inside and the parking lot is really small .	parking lot	neutral
While we waited for our food we tried the tea , which was spoiled ( aka not fresh , for those of you who do n't know UN refrigerated sweet tea goes bad in about 4 hours ) .	tea	neutral
While we waited for our food we tried the tea , which was spoiled ( aka not fresh , for those of you who do n't know UN refrigerated sweet tea goes bad in about 4 hours ) .	sweet	neutral
The food came out fast , but the onion rings looked burnt and the bread on our burgers cracked like they were old / on their way out .	onion rings	neutral
The food came out fast , but the onion rings looked burnt and the bread on our burgers cracked like they were old / on their way out .	bread	neutral
The food came out fast , but the onion rings looked burnt and the bread on our burgers cracked like they were old / on their way out .	burgers	neutral
My husband got the chicken .	chicken	neutral
The fries were good .	fries	neutral
$ 21 for three meals .	meals	neutral
Whataburger was more like what - a - disappointment .	Whataburger	neutral
The food and atmosphere at Woo are miserable .	food	neutral
The food and atmosphere at Woo are miserable .	atmosphere	neutral
All the food was underseasoned , overcooked and gross .	food	neutral
The tuna tartar was just chopped tuna with no seasoning .	tuna tartar	neutral
The sizzling beef plate was ordered medium and came chewy and well done with no seasoning .	sizzling beef plate	neutral
It 's expensive for below avg food .	food	neutral
If you got the munchies get the thick pepperoni slice !	thick	neutral
If you got the munchies get the thick pepperoni slice !	pepperoni slice	neutral
Thin crust was good but definitely not better than the thick .	Thin crust	neutral
One of best pizza 's	pizza	neutral
Love the bistro , atmosphere casual and price and portions are reasonable .	bistro	neutral
Love the bistro , atmosphere casual and price and portions are reasonable .	atmosphere	neutral
Love the bistro , atmosphere casual and price and portions are reasonable .	portions	neutral
This has to be by far THE BEST customer service I 've received at any Target !	customer service	neutral
Not only is this location clean and extremely easy to navigate but Ryan M. ( Manager on duty ) and his team have been extremely helpful and went above and beyond to help me out with my gift card issues .	location	neutral
Someone at my place of work describes Bosa as being the Antichrist .	Bosa	neutral
Making good donuts is n't hard , provided they are fried on - site and served fresh .	donuts	neutral
Unconventional toppings , Instagramish presentations , and just getting way , way too trendy .	toppings	neutral
Their glazed donut is very soft , airy , and flaky in texture .	glazed donut	neutral
And while it 's unlikely that I 'd ever become a regular , I can attest that their Thai tea boba drinks are decent , something that I was skeptical of in the beginning .	Thai tea boba drinks	neutral
The other drinks , I 'm not so sure about .	drinks	neutral
Locations might have some variance , but from what I 've read , things are mostly consistent in quality .	Locations	neutral
This is my 2nd favorite authentic mexican restaurant .	mexican	neutral
This is my 2nd favorite authentic mexican restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
It 's a cute little place .	place	neutral
I love that they have a create your own combination plate , I never have seen that at any other mexican restaurant .	combination plate	neutral
This place never disappoints when I get food there .	place	neutral
As a huge seafood lover ( as in i love eating it ) there is nothing more	seafood	neutral
That being said I barely had to fight with these crab legs when I went to their Friday Seafood Buffet $ 17 .	Seafood Buffet	neutral
Most of the crab legs were all together like a rack of ribs	crab legs	neutral
They also had some huge clams and a pretty tender and tasty brisket .	clams	neutral
They also had some huge clams and a pretty tender and tasty brisket .	brisket	neutral
They also have manapua which was ok , beef stew , mexican food , italian , salads , fried chicken , chicken wings , bbq ribs , and some fishes .	manapua	neutral
They also have manapua which was ok , beef stew , mexican food , italian , salads , fried chicken , chicken wings , bbq ribs , and some fishes .	mexican food	neutral
They also have manapua which was ok , beef stew , mexican food , italian , salads , fried chicken , chicken wings , bbq ribs , and some fishes .	italian	neutral
They also have manapua which was ok , beef stew , mexican food , italian , salads , fried chicken , chicken wings , bbq ribs , and some fishes .	salads	neutral
They also have manapua which was ok , beef stew , mexican food , italian , salads , fried chicken , chicken wings , bbq ribs , and some fishes .	fried chicken	neutral
They also have manapua which was ok , beef stew , mexican food , italian , salads , fried chicken , chicken wings , bbq ribs , and some fishes .	chicken wings	neutral
They also have manapua which was ok , beef stew , mexican food , italian , salads , fried chicken , chicken wings , bbq ribs , and some fishes .	bbq ribs	neutral
Thursday Steak & Scampi :	Steak & Scampi	neutral
Friday Seafood Buffet :	Seafood Buffet	neutral
Saturday Prime Rib Special :	Prime Rib	neutral
What a great place , just a fabulous trip down memory lane for some of us and terrific fun for youngsters .	place	neutral
Grandparents , this is a place to take the grandkids .	place	neutral
Special kudos for the cleanliness .	cleanliness	neutral
I was looking for something good to eat off the strip and not too expensive , and i found the perfect place .	place	neutral
I ordered the beef and chicken combo and my girlfriend order the chicken , both meals were very flavorful and tates homemade .	beef and chicken combo	neutral
I ordered the beef and chicken combo and my girlfriend order the chicken , both meals were very flavorful and tates homemade .	chicken	neutral
And do nt forget the garlic sauce which pairs well with the rice , veggies , pita bread , or potatoes .	garlic sauce	neutral
And do nt forget the garlic sauce which pairs well with the rice , veggies , pita bread , or potatoes .	rice	neutral
And do nt forget the garlic sauce which pairs well with the rice , veggies , pita bread , or potatoes .	veggies	neutral
And do nt forget the garlic sauce which pairs well with the rice , veggies , pita bread , or potatoes .	pita bread	neutral
Absolutely love this place and would recommend KARVED to all my friends when in Vegas .	place	neutral
Nice and friendly staff too , best kept secret off the strip	staff	neutral
This is a mini Japanese mart with fresh baked goods , rice balls , sushi bento , saba bento , imported eel from Japan , beauty supplies , bath products , Japanese snacks & beverages , instant noodles , Japanese sauces & prepacked foods .	rice	neutral
This is a mini Japanese mart with fresh baked goods , rice balls , sushi bento , saba bento , imported eel from Japan , beauty supplies , bath products , Japanese snacks & beverages , instant noodles , Japanese sauces & prepacked foods .	sushi bento	neutral
This is a mini Japanese mart with fresh baked goods , rice balls , sushi bento , saba bento , imported eel from Japan , beauty supplies , bath products , Japanese snacks & beverages , instant noodles , Japanese sauces & prepacked foods .	saba bento	neutral
This is a mini Japanese mart with fresh baked goods , rice balls , sushi bento , saba bento , imported eel from Japan , beauty supplies , bath products , Japanese snacks & beverages , instant noodles , Japanese sauces & prepacked foods .	bath	neutral
This is a mini Japanese mart with fresh baked goods , rice balls , sushi bento , saba bento , imported eel from Japan , beauty supplies , bath products , Japanese snacks & beverages , instant noodles , Japanese sauces & prepacked foods .	beverages	neutral
This place is small but well organized ( very homey ) .	place	neutral
Staffs here are very friendly and helpful .	Staffs	neutral
Therefore , I can have more options of Japanese snacks and beverages .	Japanese	neutral
Therefore , I can have more options of Japanese snacks and beverages .	snacks	neutral
Therefore , I can have more options of Japanese snacks and beverages .	beverages	neutral
The owner is clearly very passionate about his food .	owner	neutral
The owner is clearly very passionate about his food .	food	neutral
He makes sure everyone gets the best possible meal .	meal	neutral
He had us sample all of the sauces so we could pick our favorite , and gave us some background on each one .	sauces	neutral
The food itself is fabulous .	food	neutral
Both the beef brisket and the pulled pork were incredible .	beef brisket	neutral
Both the beef brisket and the pulled pork were incredible .	pulled pork	neutral
Use the parking deck and follow the delicious smells downstairs to the alley .	parking	neutral
Great local beers , voted best burgers in Champaign .	beers	neutral
Great local beers , voted best burgers in Champaign .	burgers	neutral
The pita was grilled , giving it a really nice smoky flavor .	pita	neutral
I 'd give it a five but I counted only a bartender and one server for the whole place .	bartender	neutral
I 'd give it a five but I counted only a bartender and one server for the whole place .	server	neutral
Needs one more server .	server	neutral
A very nice little place .	place	neutral
The food here is really good , the portion to match and the prices little above average .	food	neutral
The food here is really good , the portion to match and the prices little above average .	portion	neutral
The pork shoulder and eggs is one of my favorite breakfast dishes .	pork shoulder and eggs	neutral
We 're vegetarians and the menu had enough choices for us .	menu	neutral
We ordered 2 vegetarian entrees and they both were excellent .	vegetarian entrees	neutral
Even the coffee and the tea were delicious .	coffee	neutral
Even the coffee and the tea were delicious .	tea	neutral
This restaurant is in our neighborhood	restaurant	neutral
Service was very good .	Service	neutral
I highly recommend this new restaurant to anyone wanting a reasonably priced dinner , good service , accommodating staff and entertainment .	restaurant	neutral
I highly recommend this new restaurant to anyone wanting a reasonably priced dinner , good service , accommodating staff and entertainment .	dinner	neutral
I highly recommend this new restaurant to anyone wanting a reasonably priced dinner , good service , accommodating staff and entertainment .	service	neutral
I highly recommend this new restaurant to anyone wanting a reasonably priced dinner , good service , accommodating staff and entertainment .	staff	neutral
The breakfast burrito was very big , filling , and tasty .	breakfast burrito	neutral
I ordered a Latte and it was excellent .	Latte	neutral
My mom ordered regular coffee and she felt it was too bitter for her taste .	coffee	neutral
The cinnamon roll was tasty .	cinnamon roll	neutral
Great little place to stop in at .	place	neutral
The food here is good and authentic .	food	neutral
I like the bento combination choices .	bento combination	neutral
We asked what was taking so long and the waitress explained that it was served " family style .	waitress	neutral
I do n't speak Japanese but Family Style must translate to really slow with no explanation or apology from the server .	server	neutral
The sushi appeared as if it had been sitting .	sushi	neutral
Give that guy a great recommendation for customer services	customer services	neutral
The special with swiss is the way to go to my mind .	special with swiss	neutral
Also go with the full sour pickles as well .	full sour pickles	neutral
Do n't even mess with the half sour , because who wants a half strength picked ?	half sour	neutral
but I remember by dad making grilled balcony and cheese sandwiches .	grilled balcony and cheese	neutral
So on that level this place might rock your world if it tricks some childhood issues .	place	neutral
Part of you will want to rate high just because of the history and the fact that it is a very damn fine sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
And there is probably some small part of you whispering to try and not rate it high due to some food snobbery or other issues or just being contrary .	food	neutral
For me , this place is something everyone should try once no matter what .	place	neutral
My favorites are the pulled pork both in a sandwich and in a potato bowl .	pulled pork	neutral
The soups are wonderful .	soups	neutral
I have ordered take out from this location a handful of times and have always loved the quality and quantity of food along with their friendly , efficient service .	food	neutral
I have ordered take out from this location a handful of times and have always loved the quality and quantity of food along with their friendly , efficient service .	service	neutral
I dined in today during lunch .. ordered their general tso 's lunch special ( mind you , I 've had this dish multiple times from this location ) ...	general	neutral
I was given the heavily breaded chicken which is used for their ( sweet and sour chicken dish ) just doused in general tso 's sauce , making it quite soggy and unappetizing .	sweet and sour chicken dish	neutral
I held my plate up to the wall menu pictures pointing out the difference of chicken texture between the sweet and sour chicken and general tso 's chicken dishes .	sweet and sour chicken	neutral
I held my plate up to the wall menu pictures pointing out the difference of chicken texture between the sweet and sour chicken and general tso 's chicken dishes .	general	neutral
That , my friend ... WAS NOT GENERAL TSO 'S CHICKEN !	GENERAL	neutral
Beautiful , relaxing location !	location	neutral
Our waiter , I forget his name , he was an older gentleman , Arthur ?	waiter	neutral
The food was excellent .	food	neutral
I had the Cobb salad which was a great portion of food .	Cobb salad	neutral
My friend had the club sandwich .	club sandwich	neutral
Our sandwiches were good , but they were n't almost 5 star worthy !	sandwiches	neutral
It was quick service and okay quality !	service	neutral
This is not authentic Chinese food .	Chinese food	neutral
The fried rice taste like white rice and does not have the traditional egg mixed in .	fried rice	neutral
The sweet and sour sauce is bitter and stale .	sweet and sour sauce	neutral
The pork in the egg rolls is bright red grounded meat .	pork in the egg rolls	neutral
The mix of flavors with the vegetables is very off .	vegetables	neutral
The only item that was passable was the orange chicken .	orange chicken	neutral
This is a great place to get a delicious meal .	meal	neutral
It 's not only the food that makes it great , but the atmosphere and service as well .	food	neutral
It 's not only the food that makes it great , but the atmosphere and service as well .	atmosphere	neutral
It 's not only the food that makes it great , but the atmosphere and service as well .	service	neutral
Atmosphere is one that a lot of restaurants do n't have .	Atmosphere	neutral
It 's almost a mix of fine dining with a club type environment .	environment	neutral
The food is impeccable , but you ca n't go there expecting the same atmosphere you would get at other steakhouses such as Lawry 's .	food	neutral
Service was also spot on .	Service	neutral
Some restaurants tend to over do their service , bothering you every five minutes or so .	service	neutral
They have a very extensive wine list , and our server was very knowledgeable and helpful in picking out wines that we would like .	wine list	neutral
They have a very extensive wine list , and our server was very knowledgeable and helpful in picking out wines that we would like .	server	neutral
I 'd recommend getting the bone in rib eye .	bone in	neutral
I 'd recommend getting the bone in rib eye .	rib eye	neutral
I do n't think I 've ever had a steak that great .	steak	neutral
So , next time you have money to spare and you want a great steak - definitely go to N9NE .	steak	neutral
The app was conveniently not working so in a free 15 minute block i had ran over to the store to order in person .	app	neutral
no please give me light sour cream , corn , guacamole and lettuce .	sour	neutral
no please give me light sour cream , corn , guacamole and lettuce .	guacamole	neutral
I get back to my work and there is n't even any guacamole on here	guacamole	neutral
and this green salsa is super spicy !	green salsa	neutral
Ridiculously slow service - had to ask for everything twice .	service	neutral
Jalape単o poppers were not good .	Jalape単o poppers	neutral
2 people in our group had carnitas burritos and said they were n't very good .	carnitas burritos	neutral
I had the Carne asada fajitas and they were good	Carne asada fajitas	neutral
The ambiance at this place is pretty cool .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance at this place is pretty cool .	place	neutral
They had a interesting menu and the food was very good .	menu	neutral
They had a interesting menu and the food was very good .	food	neutral
However this restaurant lacks good customer service .	customer service	neutral
The server are not subtly rude and are n't very helpful .	server	neutral
but as I stated earlier the restaurant was not busy at all .	restaurant	neutral
Quick service for lunch .	service	neutral
Had shrimp , zucchini fettuccine with Alfredo sauce , noodles seemed old and stale , not enough sauce , greasy , could have been much better .	shrimp	neutral
Had shrimp , zucchini fettuccine with Alfredo sauce , noodles seemed old and stale , not enough sauce , greasy , could have been much better .	zucchini fettuccine with Alfredo sauce	neutral
Had shrimp , zucchini fettuccine with Alfredo sauce , noodles seemed old and stale , not enough sauce , greasy , could have been much better .	noodles	neutral
Had shrimp , zucchini fettuccine with Alfredo sauce , noodles seemed old and stale , not enough sauce , greasy , could have been much better .	sauce	neutral
First off , the tortillas they use to make the burros are delicious , almost as good as Carolina 's .	tortillas	neutral
First off , the tortillas they use to make the burros are delicious , almost as good as Carolina 's .	burros	neutral
My favorite item is the shrimp burro .	shrimp burro	neutral
The shrimp are nice / firm , combined with rice and other filling to create an extremely tasty burro !	shrimp	neutral
The shrimp are nice / firm , combined with rice and other filling to create an extremely tasty burro !	rice	neutral
The shrimp are nice / firm , combined with rice and other filling to create an extremely tasty burro !	burro	neutral
Their breakfast burros are also quite tasty .	breakfast burros	neutral
Other items I 've tried include hard shell tacos , taquitos and these tasty bags of tortilla rounds they either bake or fry and coat with sugar and cinnamon .	hard	neutral
Other items I 've tried include hard shell tacos , taquitos and these tasty bags of tortilla rounds they either bake or fry and coat with sugar and cinnamon .	taquitos	neutral
I have no opinion on the refried beans as I usually do n't have them on or with anything I order .	refried beans	neutral
I recommend going inside to see all the tasty options on their menu board .	menu	neutral
( You will find misspellings on the board , but hey , I 'm more concerned about the food and service than an absolutely correct translated menu board )	food	neutral
( You will find misspellings on the board , but hey , I 'm more concerned about the food and service than an absolutely correct translated menu board )	service	neutral
( You will find misspellings on the board , but hey , I 'm more concerned about the food and service than an absolutely correct translated menu board )	menu	neutral
Is the place perfect , no , but what is ? !	place	neutral
I would agree with one of the other reviewers , that the fish tacos are not the best choice here .	fish tacos	neutral
Lastly the place is always very clean and the staff are very nice !	place	neutral
Lastly the place is always very clean and the staff are very nice !	staff	neutral
We had the Caramel Crunch , Hot Fudge Sundae , and Carrot Cake cupcakes .	Caramel Crunch	neutral
We had the Caramel Crunch , Hot Fudge Sundae , and Carrot Cake cupcakes .	Hot Fudge Sundae	neutral
The carrot cake was especially amazing if you are a fan of that kind of cake .	carrot cake	neutral
Then even my teenager who is not easily impressed , remarked that the lady at the front counter was very nice and helpful .	lady	neutral
Then even my teenager who is not easily impressed , remarked that the lady at the front counter was very nice and helpful .	front counter	neutral
I love Vietnamese but this place was just OK .	place	neutral
I would have given it 2 stars if it was n't for the super nice lady that works there .	lady	neutral
They do n't serve Pho in the sense that a Westerner would expect .	Pho	neutral
The vegetables in my duck noodle soup was a couple tiny slivers of leaf , a random duck leg , no sprouts , no cilantro or herbs like you might expect elsewhere .	vegetables	neutral
The vegetables in my duck noodle soup was a couple tiny slivers of leaf , a random duck leg , no sprouts , no cilantro or herbs like you might expect elsewhere .	duck noodle soup	neutral
The spring rolls were pretty good .	spring rolls	neutral
Another delicious meal .	meal	neutral
Tonight I tried the ribs .	ribs	neutral
I 'm kind of picky on ribs , do n't like them to fatty ,	ribs	neutral
It 's hard to find good tri - tip in this area .	tri - tip	neutral
Parking near Mill is always a pain and the entrance to this place is a little hard to navigate but once inside the food and service are very good .	place	neutral
Parking near Mill is always a pain and the entrance to this place is a little hard to navigate but once inside the food and service are very good .	food	neutral
Parking near Mill is always a pain and the entrance to this place is a little hard to navigate but once inside the food and service are very good .	service	neutral
The meat was smoked perfectly , the sauces delicious and the fries were piping hot .	meat	neutral
The meat was smoked perfectly , the sauces delicious and the fries were piping hot .	sauces	neutral
The meat was smoked perfectly , the sauces delicious and the fries were piping hot .	fries	neutral
Service at the bar from Alix was fast and friendly .	Service	neutral
Service at the bar from Alix was fast and friendly .	bar	neutral
If we want consistently friendly , knowledgeable staff but are willing to pay a little more , we now go to Whole Foods .	staff	neutral
Great customer service and huge selection , and much better produce and seafood sections than Zagara 's .	customer service	neutral
Great customer service and huge selection , and much better produce and seafood sections than Zagara 's .	produce	neutral
Great customer service and huge selection , and much better produce and seafood sections than Zagara 's .	seafood sections	neutral
Customer service is average at best .	Customer service	neutral
We really prefer to buy locally whenever possible , but still expect a better customer service experience than we now get at Zagara 's .	customer service	neutral
Will probably still go from time to time as they have a pretty good beer / wine selection .	beer / wine selection	neutral
And Polish people know nothing about Korean food .	Korean food	neutral
and so we take kindly to kimchi .	kimchi	neutral
The shumai emerged from the kitchen and was delicious .	shumai	neutral
I was totally unprepared for all these little dishes of wonder .	dishes	neutral
Napa kimchi , some mixed vegetable kimchi , daikon kimchi , sweet glazed potatoes , lotus root , bean sprouts , radish noodles , gyeran jjim , dried anchovy ( surprisingly delicous ! )	Napa kimchi	neutral
Napa kimchi , some mixed vegetable kimchi , daikon kimchi , sweet glazed potatoes , lotus root , bean sprouts , radish noodles , gyeran jjim , dried anchovy ( surprisingly delicous ! )	daikon kimchi	neutral
Napa kimchi , some mixed vegetable kimchi , daikon kimchi , sweet glazed potatoes , lotus root , bean sprouts , radish noodles , gyeran jjim , dried anchovy ( surprisingly delicous ! )	sweet glazed potatoes	neutral
Napa kimchi , some mixed vegetable kimchi , daikon kimchi , sweet glazed potatoes , lotus root , bean sprouts , radish noodles , gyeran jjim , dried anchovy ( surprisingly delicous ! )	lotus	neutral
Napa kimchi , some mixed vegetable kimchi , daikon kimchi , sweet glazed potatoes , lotus root , bean sprouts , radish noodles , gyeran jjim , dried anchovy ( surprisingly delicous ! )	bean	neutral
The seafood ( shrimp , clams , squid , octopus and maybe some other things I could n't recognize ) were delicious - really fresh , not chewy at all .	seafood	neutral
The seafood ( shrimp , clams , squid , octopus and maybe some other things I could n't recognize ) were delicious - really fresh , not chewy at all .	shrimp	neutral
The seafood ( shrimp , clams , squid , octopus and maybe some other things I could n't recognize ) were delicious - really fresh , not chewy at all .	clams	neutral
The seafood ( shrimp , clams , squid , octopus and maybe some other things I could n't recognize ) were delicious - really fresh , not chewy at all .	squid	neutral
It was really comforting type food .	food	neutral
The bbq that my fiance got was delicious , too .	bbq	neutral
Their rice is highly addicting .	rice	neutral
Also , love the little yogurt shot at the end .	yogurt shot	neutral
I had wanted to try this place out since Cleveland .	place	neutral
We ordered the calimari , bacalao ( salt cod croquettes ) , " chic " peas & cactus salad , and scallops .	calimari	neutral
The calimari was soggy and very fishy smelling .	calimari	neutral
The scallops were tender and tasty , but very gritty , as if they had n't been washed at all .	scallops	neutral
The bacalao was OK .	bacalao	neutral
Crispy fried coating , and soft fish inside , but not very flavorful .	fish	neutral
50 for two small croquettes .	croquettes	neutral
The " chic " peas and cactus were quite disappointing - most of the bowl was filled with chick peas , which , although not horrible , were obviously canned , not fresh , and a very small amount of cactus , which to tell from the soggy and flavorless texture , was probably also canned .	chic	neutral
The " chic " peas and cactus were quite disappointing - most of the bowl was filled with chick peas , which , although not horrible , were obviously canned , not fresh , and a very small amount of cactus , which to tell from the soggy and flavorless texture , was probably also canned .	cactus	neutral
The " chic " peas and cactus were quite disappointing - most of the bowl was filled with chick peas , which , although not horrible , were obviously canned , not fresh , and a very small amount of cactus , which to tell from the soggy and flavorless texture , was probably also canned .	chick peas	neutral
The " chic " peas and cactus were quite disappointing - most of the bowl was filled with chick peas , which , although not horrible , were obviously canned , not fresh , and a very small amount of cactus , which to tell from the soggy and flavorless texture , was probably also canned .	cactus	neutral
For desert , three flavors of gelato were offered .	gelato	neutral
The coffee gelato ( forget the name ) was OK - tasted a bit of freezer burn and the caramel / coffee sauce was cloyingly sweet .	coffee gelato	neutral
The coffee gelato ( forget the name ) was OK - tasted a bit of freezer burn and the caramel / coffee sauce was cloyingly sweet .	caramel / coffee sauce	neutral
Our server was friendly and attentive ( hard not to as we were the only people in the place ) , the decor is pleasant , and they do have an excellent beer and wine selection .	server	neutral
Our server was friendly and attentive ( hard not to as we were the only people in the place ) , the decor is pleasant , and they do have an excellent beer and wine selection .	decor	neutral
Our server was friendly and attentive ( hard not to as we were the only people in the place ) , the decor is pleasant , and they do have an excellent beer and wine selection .	beer	neutral
Our server was friendly and attentive ( hard not to as we were the only people in the place ) , the decor is pleasant , and they do have an excellent beer and wine selection .	wine selection	neutral
I had the pear cider which was quite good .	pear cider	neutral
This would be a decent place to get a drink , but the food is really just glorified bar food , and overpriced for what you get .	place	neutral
This would be a decent place to get a drink , but the food is really just glorified bar food , and overpriced for what you get .	food	neutral
This would be a decent place to get a drink , but the food is really just glorified bar food , and overpriced for what you get .	bar food	neutral
All the trappings , but the food is MUCH better than your typical diner .	food	neutral
I had two perfectly poached eggs on fresh toast with " smoked meat " ( brisket slices ) and a fresh made mushroom sauce ....	eggs	neutral
I had two perfectly poached eggs on fresh toast with " smoked meat " ( brisket slices ) and a fresh made mushroom sauce ....	mushroom sauce	neutral
I sat at the end seat and watched the chef work , breakfast AND a show !	chef	neutral
Chicken and waffles are terrific .	Chicken and waffles	neutral
Loved our server .	server	neutral
Been here once and wanna go back to try the other food .	food	neutral
Service was good too .	Service	neutral
Food was great .	Food	neutral
Service was kind of slow .	Service	neutral
Rooms were recently remodeled and clean .	Rooms	neutral
The hotel essentially held us hostage for an entire evening in a dark room , destroying our anniversary celebration .	room	neutral
MGM may be a big hotel , but their customer service is below substandard .	customer service	neutral
Everyone was happy with their rooms and especially the customer service , so I guess we have to thank MGM for chasing us away , otherwise we would n't have had such a great time at the wedding .	rooms	neutral
Everyone was happy with their rooms and especially the customer service , so I guess we have to thank MGM for chasing us away , otherwise we would n't have had such a great time at the wedding .	customer service	neutral
These people have good authentic food .	food	neutral
Their madras curry & butter chicken are delicious .	madras curry	neutral
Their madras curry & butter chicken are delicious .	butter chicken	neutral
Their lunch buffet was also good value for money .	lunch buffet	neutral
We 've never been disappointed , though I do n't necessarily like their kebabs and tandoori - on the dry side , even though it 's well flavoured .	kebabs	neutral
We 've never been disappointed , though I do n't necessarily like their kebabs and tandoori - on the dry side , even though it 's well flavoured .	tandoori	neutral
But curry , vegetables and roti - very good food .	curry	neutral
But curry , vegetables and roti - very good food .	vegetables	neutral
But curry , vegetables and roti - very good food .	roti	neutral
But curry , vegetables and roti - very good food .	food	neutral
It 's a simple place with basic decor and layout .	place	neutral
It 's a simple place with basic decor and layout .	decor	neutral
It 's a simple place with basic decor and layout .	layout	neutral
( Beijing Noodle ) but decided why not try this small Mexican food place next door .	Mexican food	neutral
Bottomline is great food at great prices .	food	neutral
I got a carne asada	carne	neutral
BUT the star of the show was that my friend got a the three enchiladas special for $ 6 .	three enchiladas	neutral
A cheese , chicken , and a carne asada enchilada !	cheese	neutral
A cheese , chicken , and a carne asada enchilada !	chicken	neutral
A cheese , chicken , and a carne asada enchilada !	carne	neutral
Beans are super excellent !	Beans	neutral
You need to try this place .	place	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
The staff is great as well .	staff	neutral
Amazing dessert .	dessert	neutral
It was not only good but the presentation was beautiful .	presentation	neutral
It was fun to sit at the booth and watch the chef make the dessert in front of you .	chef	neutral
Green apple and peach tea was mild and good complement to the dessert .	Green apple and peach tea	neutral
Amazing , traditional Italian food for a great price !	Italian food	neutral
I was very pleased to find this eatery	eatery	neutral
It 's a very clean restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Sure the decor is over the top and looks like something out of a set from " The King and I , " but let 's talk about what matter most : the food .	decor	neutral
Sure the decor is over the top and looks like something out of a set from " The King and I , " but let 's talk about what matter most : the food .	food	neutral
I really enjoyed simple broccoli and chicken with fried rice .	broccoli	neutral
I really enjoyed simple broccoli and chicken with fried rice .	chicken with fried rice	neutral
UPDATE : I like the interactions the waiters have with you about Chinese food when ordering .	waiters	neutral
UPDATE : I like the interactions the waiters have with you about Chinese food when ordering .	Chinese food	neutral
I 'm trying to try more traditional Chinese style prepared dishes and today did not disappoint .	dishes	neutral
The regular garlic sauce is great as well and can be put on the side to limit calories , fat and salt .	regular garlic sauce	neutral
It 's a great way to expand your awareness of Chinese foods .	Chinese foods	neutral
I 'm a big fan of this place .	place	neutral
The first , the Lemon Chicken .	Lemon Chicken	neutral
Chicken was great , moist , and the sauce met it 's description .	Chicken	neutral
Chicken was great , moist , and the sauce met it 's description .	sauce	neutral
But , I asked if the green beans were fresh ?	green beans	neutral
Pitas ... awesome .	Pitas	neutral
Very much like another fine pub in DTW .	pub	neutral
But the dip , it was just ok .	dip	neutral
My friends salad looked really good .	salad	neutral
The chopped Romaine .	chopped Romaine	neutral
I will definetly go back to try more menus items .	menus	neutral
With a little tweeking , this place will have a great menu .	menu	neutral
We had two waitresses ( assuming one was training ) and they were both friendly and knowledgable .	waitresses	neutral
I will say however , service was SLOW .	service	neutral
My friend loved her wine so much she wanted to take a picture of the bottle .	wine	neutral
The waitress said she would bring it out and never did .	waitress	neutral
Cocktails were expensive .	Cocktails	neutral
The view on the patio outside is great .	view	neutral
The view on the patio outside is great .	patio	neutral
Firefly is definitely solid .	Firefly	neutral
I think most people will walk away from there extremely happy about their meal .	meal	neutral
The bravas here is just a little bland and not as interesting as at Julian .	bravas	neutral
The same basically goes for all the dishes you get .	dishes	neutral
Firefly is upper middle class and Julian Serrano is elite .	Firefly	neutral
Firefly is upper middle class and Julian Serrano is elite .	Julian	neutral
But you 'll get away from Firefly for about 40 % less than you will at the Aria joint .	Firefly	neutral
You really can not beat their $ 10 power lunch .	power lunch	neutral
The atmosphere inside is so nice and the staff is always friendly .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere inside is so nice and the staff is always friendly .	staff	neutral
If your main concern is cheap good coffee	coffee	neutral
Wifi is broken and the place does not seem very clean .	Wifi	neutral
Wifi is broken and the place does not seem very clean .	place	neutral
The Starbucks down the block has better wifi but is also a bit nasty .	Starbucks	neutral
The Starbucks down the block has better wifi but is also a bit nasty .	wifi	neutral
Food is ok , I prefer the custard .	Food	neutral
Food is ok , I prefer the custard .	custard	neutral
Service is pretty decent they 're always coming around to make sure everything is ok , asking to take your garbage & cleaning the tables .	Service	neutral
( 5 ) Service : friendly and helpful - more than willing to provide you with samples ( 5 ) Value : steak and eggs with pepper sauce ....	Service	neutral
( 5 ) Service : friendly and helpful - more than willing to provide you with samples ( 5 ) Value : steak and eggs with pepper sauce ....	steak	neutral
( 5 ) Service : friendly and helpful - more than willing to provide you with samples ( 5 ) Value : steak and eggs with pepper sauce ....	eggs with pepper sauce	neutral
The chef and owner greeted us and introduced her products .	chef	neutral
The chef and owner greeted us and introduced her products .	owner	neutral
Of interest was the strawberry / balsamic vinegar , basil ( nice and minty ) , coconut and the chocolate mint .	strawberry / balsamic vinegar	neutral
Of interest was the strawberry / balsamic vinegar , basil ( nice and minty ) , coconut and the chocolate mint .	basil	neutral
Of interest was the strawberry / balsamic vinegar , basil ( nice and minty ) , coconut and the chocolate mint .	coconut	neutral
Of interest was the strawberry / balsamic vinegar , basil ( nice and minty ) , coconut and the chocolate mint .	chocolate mint	neutral
The strawberry / balsamic was more of a sorbetto than gelato .	strawberry / balsamic	neutral
Light and refreshing , you could tell the quality of the ingredients from just one taste .	ingredients	neutral
The coconut gelato had a nice texture to it while the chocolate mint really satisfied my cravings ( I love chocolate and mint ! ) .	coconut gelato	neutral
The coconut gelato had a nice texture to it while the chocolate mint really satisfied my cravings ( I love chocolate and mint ! ) .	chocolate mint	neutral
Steak and eggs with pepper sauce ?	Steak and eggs	neutral
Chocolate and peperoncini ?	peperoncini	neutral
Pear gorgonzola ?	Pear gorgonzola	neutral
On top of that is her panini pressed gelato sandwiches .	panini pressed gelato sandwiches	neutral
These sandwiches have specific combinations because apparently the gelato has to be held at a colder temperature to make a successful sandwich .	gelato	neutral
$ 6 will get you a sizable portion with three different flavors and enough to share ... if you are willing !	portion	neutral
Given the quality of the ingredients and the innovative flavors , this place scores a five in my book .	ingredients	neutral
Great authentic south of the border cuisine .	south of	neutral
Pricey so go for happy hour ,	happy	neutral
half price margaritas , cheap street tacos , the best crepes in southwest .	margaritas	neutral
half price margaritas , cheap street tacos , the best crepes in southwest .	street tacos	neutral
half price margaritas , cheap street tacos , the best crepes in southwest .	crepes	neutral
This JIB is now a franchise store .	JIB	neutral
The homeless problem is much improved .	homeless	neutral
New Coke machine .	Coke machine	neutral
I am upgrading my rating feom 3 to 4 stars because of the improvement in the homeless problem .	homeless problem	neutral
Love this place , and all the people who work here are supper nice .	place	neutral
I do wish they had more freezer tofu options .	freezer tofu	neutral
I had the sliders per the bartenders recommendation and they were very good	sliders	neutral
Great selection of craft beers at a great price .	selection	neutral
Great selection of craft beers at a great price .	craft beers	neutral
Christy really makes a great effort to accommodate and engage you .	Christy	neutral
They have a great outdoor space at the end of Fremont in the Plaza hotel .	outdoor space	neutral
German wurst selections are plentiful .	German wurst selections	neutral
Great acting , singing , really cool custom theater	acting	neutral
Great acting , singing , really cool custom theater	custom theater	neutral
, we had really great seats also .	seats	neutral
We got a good discount on our tickets through travelzoo 's promotion , only ended up paying about $ 70 per ticket for really great seats .	seats	neutral
I do n't want to give any spoilers , but it was hilarious when I heard people scream during the " Chandelier " part .	Chandelier	neutral
I had the 2 meat combo .. pulled	2 meat combo	neutral
pork was good , and the spare ribs YUMMM !	pork	neutral
pork was good , and the spare ribs YUMMM !	spare ribs	neutral
My hubby had the chicken and that was really tasty as well .	chicken	neutral
Loved the potato salad and the corn fritters were a unique side option .	potato salad	neutral
Loved the potato salad and the corn fritters were a unique side option .	corn fritters	neutral
The only reason I am giving 3 stars is because I paid extra for a few sauces to try and we were n't given any at all !	sauces	neutral
And for a barbecue place yo forget the BBQ sauce ... not cool !	BBQ sauce	neutral
Otherwise the ice cream is good , but I do n't think it 's worth the line up , especially a lot of things are sold out , it was only 3 pm .	ice cream	neutral
The staff was so helpful and kind .	staff	neutral
The party was great .	party	neutral
This place was so good !	place	neutral
Stop browsing and just try this place out .	place	neutral
The service was amazing .	service	neutral
The food came out pretty quick too !	food	neutral
I ordered a small cheese pizza , a chicken gyro , and chicken fingers .	chicken gyro	neutral
The pizza was cheesy and delicious .	pizza	neutral
The gyro was sooo good .	gyro	neutral
The chicken finger were good too .	chicken finger	neutral
I had the hot and BBQ sauce .	hot and BBQ sauce	neutral
Very very good food .	food	neutral
The restaurant itself is ok , just as you would expect for a Chinese " strip mall " restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
My husband and I were unable to finish our meals ( large portions ) .	portions	neutral
How the heck did a rubber band get in our food ?	food	neutral
In short , the flavors , service , wine suggestions , presentation , and value was all right on point .	service	neutral
In short , the flavors , service , wine suggestions , presentation , and value was all right on point .	wine suggestions	neutral
In short , the flavors , service , wine suggestions , presentation , and value was all right on point .	presentation	neutral
I ca n't say no to an oniony flavor and some melted butter on a chargrilled oyster !	chargrilled	neutral
I ca n't say no to an oniony flavor and some melted butter on a chargrilled oyster !	oyster	neutral
They were great , and served beautifully with very course salt and whole spices for presentation .	salt	neutral
The pear salad missed the mark , but the filet mignon topped with fois de gras was faaantastic .	pear salad	neutral
The pear salad missed the mark , but the filet mignon topped with fois de gras was faaantastic .	filet mignon	neutral
The pear salad missed the mark , but the filet mignon topped with fois de gras was faaantastic .	fois de gras	neutral
Steaks are cooked to perfection .	Steaks	neutral
I would give one star but I felt our server and the pizza was great .	server	neutral
I would give one star but I felt our server and the pizza was great .	pizza	neutral
The thing that threw us off is that we found a hair in our Brussels .	Brussels	neutral
We have no intention of getting over on the place but the manager said he inspected the hair and mentioned that none of the workers had that blond strand	manager	neutral
I may give this place a second chance , of course with only the pizza and beer .	pizza	neutral
Omg came for a weekly cheat meal just thought it would be an average burger but who woulda thunk it ? ? ?	burger	neutral
These burgers are the bomb !	burgers	neutral
We tried the truffle fries and green chili fries and they were both amazing !	truffle fries	neutral
We tried the truffle fries and green chili fries and they were both amazing !	green chili fries	neutral
Then we had the Blanco burger well done and	Blanco burger	neutral
Both burgers were great	burgers	neutral
but I do recommend the medium well .	medium well	neutral
Oh and I must mention they have amazing happy hour specials !	happy hour specials	neutral
My lunch here was very tasty , I had a bacon apple salad which was huge and some iced tea that hit the spot .	bacon apple salad	neutral
My lunch here was very tasty , I had a bacon apple salad which was huge and some iced tea that hit the spot .	iced tea	neutral
I 'd give it a three and a half if I could because service was awesome , the food was good , but it just made me uncomfortable to be in there ... probably because the atmosphere really was n't my style .	service	neutral
I 'd give it a three and a half if I could because service was awesome , the food was good , but it just made me uncomfortable to be in there ... probably because the atmosphere really was n't my style .	food	neutral
I 'd give it a three and a half if I could because service was awesome , the food was good , but it just made me uncomfortable to be in there ... probably because the atmosphere really was n't my style .	atmosphere	neutral
But , I will definitely take my mom here when she comes into town and would recommend it to people looking for that sort of warm , quiet , feminine atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Great food .	food	neutral
Friendly service .	service	neutral
We were n't expecting soul food , but the chicken fried steak smothered in gravy and side of green beans hit the spot .	chicken fried steak	neutral
We were n't expecting soul food , but the chicken fried steak smothered in gravy and side of green beans hit the spot .	side of green	neutral
Do n't let the appearance of the building fool you ( the windows are all barred up ) , the food is great .	building	neutral
Do n't let the appearance of the building fool you ( the windows are all barred up ) , the food is great .	windows	neutral
Do n't let the appearance of the building fool you ( the windows are all barred up ) , the food is great .	food	neutral
Decent grub , pretty poor service ( okay	grub	neutral
Decent grub , pretty poor service ( okay	service	neutral
it was her first day , she said ) and mediocre atmosphere ...	atmosphere	neutral
Thinking you either have to be a true dive Mexican place with awesome food , or hit Cantina instead .	food	neutral
Thinking you either have to be a true dive Mexican place with awesome food , or hit Cantina instead .	Cantina	neutral
Decent place uptown , they have a breakfast menu ( served all day hrs are 8A to 3P ) along with standard lunch menu with reasonable prices .	place	neutral
Decent place uptown , they have a breakfast menu ( served all day hrs are 8A to 3P ) along with standard lunch menu with reasonable prices .	breakfast menu	neutral
Decent place uptown , they have a breakfast menu ( served all day hrs are 8A to 3P ) along with standard lunch menu with reasonable prices .	lunch menu	neutral
The service was ok	service	neutral
I got the Cobb Salad with avocado	Cobb Salad with	neutral
I got the Cobb Salad with avocado	avocado	neutral
and it was great , my friend got the veggie omelet and it looks tasty .	veggie omelet	neutral
I was all about getting the eggs originally	eggs	neutral
but when I got there nothing was singing to me like the salad was so salad it was	salad	neutral
I definitely want to see how their breakfast is since you know , their name is Eggheads and all and think it will be a good alternative to the normal staples around it ( Showmars , Just Fresh , Dean And Deluca , etc ) that are around the Latta Arcade area .	breakfast	neutral
and I 've got to say this place is amazing !	place	neutral
He deserves a raise or something no delivery driver has ever been that polite !	delivery driver	neutral
I highly recommend ordering from here the food is great !	food	neutral
This is one sterile bar .	bar	neutral
The decor that exists is straight out of the team shop of the nearby high school , which is weird because you 're not supposed to go to bars when you 're in high school .	decor	neutral
If you can successfully grapple with that , though , the chicken wings here are remarkable and ridiculous .	chicken wings	neutral
should you be so inclined , but the real winner is this chili flavored wing that they deliver straight from whatever the Tex - Mex equivalent of Mount Olympus is .	chili	neutral
Best ice cream and service in town !	ice cream	neutral
Best ice cream and service in town !	service	neutral
The burgers and fries are awesome .	burgers	neutral
The burgers and fries are awesome .	fries	neutral
Go see Tony and the gang for some great food and nice views .	food	neutral
Go see Tony and the gang for some great food and nice views .	views	neutral
The best boba in town .	boba	neutral
I 'm addicting to this place .	place	neutral
I love the one that has Nutella .	Nutella	neutral
Service is very friendly .	Service	neutral
Love love love this place !	place	neutral
Menus were very easy to order with great selections .	Menus	neutral
Friendly staff and clean kitchen and washroom .	staff	neutral
Friendly staff and clean kitchen and washroom .	kitchen	neutral
Friendly staff and clean kitchen and washroom .	washroom	neutral
Definitely a place I would recommend for all	place	neutral
Great new spot in Old Town with decor and a feel that ca n't be found anywhere else in the Valley .	spot	neutral
Great new spot in Old Town with decor and a feel that ca n't be found anywhere else in the Valley .	decor	neutral
Started with the Ahi Poke and Chowder , both were phenomenal .	Ahi Poke	neutral
Started with the Ahi Poke and Chowder , both were phenomenal .	Chowder	neutral
Lobster Roll wo n't disappoint and at $ 20 , it 's far superior than any place serving it with in the general vicinity !	Lobster Roll	neutral
Hubby did the Seafood Gumbo and said quote , " this is the best damm thing I have ate in a while " .	Seafood Gumbo	neutral
Service was good and not pretentious .	Service	neutral
This is a casual seafood joint where every one can come enjoy a good meal .	meal	neutral
They have a huge selection of different types of sushi rolls and nigiri sushi .	sushi rolls	neutral
They have a huge selection of different types of sushi rolls and nigiri sushi .	nigiri sushi	neutral
Over 50 different rolls from what we counted !	rolls	neutral
They also have a decent selection of appetizers from gyoza to yakatori meats .	appetizers	neutral
They also have a decent selection of appetizers from gyoza to yakatori meats .	gyoza	neutral
They also have a decent selection of appetizers from gyoza to yakatori meats .	yakatori meats	neutral
Uni is limited to a set portion per person .	Uni	neutral
The service was good , no complaints there .	service	neutral
Great coffee ! ! !	coffee	neutral
They also have a wide variety of pastries , litlle sandwiches , salads and other little delights .	pastries	neutral
They also have a wide variety of pastries , litlle sandwiches , salads and other little delights .	litlle sandwiches	neutral
They also have a wide variety of pastries , litlle sandwiches , salads and other little delights .	salads	neutral
I tried Stella 's with my daughter last weekend and it was good .	Stella 's	neutral
Solid coffee , good lookin ' pastries , friendly service , nice atmosphere .	coffee	neutral
Solid coffee , good lookin ' pastries , friendly service , nice atmosphere .	pastries	neutral
Solid coffee , good lookin ' pastries , friendly service , nice atmosphere .	service	neutral
Solid coffee , good lookin ' pastries , friendly service , nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Chowdahheads can spot each other easily .	Chowdahheads	neutral
The almond croissants are my favorite .	almond croissants	neutral
Imagine going to dinner at a Jamaican restaurant in King West and ordering a jerk chicken as your entree and pay $ 14 for a quarter chicken .	jerk	neutral
Imagine going to dinner at a Jamaican restaurant in King West and ordering a jerk chicken as your entree and pay $ 14 for a quarter chicken .	quarter chicken	neutral
What gets me is that usually I get a rice and peas with coleslaw and some oxtail sauce to come with it .	rice	neutral
Your gon na get juiced for $ 7 bucks for a single bowl of rice and peas .	gon na	neutral
Your gon na get juiced for $ 7 bucks for a single bowl of rice and peas .	rice	neutral
Your gon na get juiced for $ 7 bucks for a single bowl of rice and peas .	peas	neutral
If you buy a whole chicken your gon na pay more for rice and peas than the chicken ! ! !	rice	neutral
Rice should never cost this much ! ! ! ! !	Rice	neutral
We were thinking this would be an awesome place because we could bring the dog but from the second we got here I was ready to go .	place	neutral
First off , you can smoke on the patio ?	patio	neutral
Secondly , the food was less than mediocre .	food	neutral
The service was NOT good !	service	neutral
I am spoiled on weekends , so I will have to find a new breakfast place on weekdays that will give me the service I deserve .	breakfast	neutral
There is a very diverse menu .	menu	neutral
My husband had the homemade meatloaf and said multiple times that it was delicious .	homemade meatloaf	neutral
My daughter declared the Baby Club to be the best sandwich !	Baby Club	neutral
My daughter declared the Baby Club to be the best sandwich !	sandwich	neutral
Bobby was our server and he was delightful -- happy , attentive , and conscientious .	Bobby	neutral
You will not be disappointed with the Tryon House !	Tryon House	neutral
I recently stated that I was really in the mood for some good Pierogies and boom ......	Pierogies	neutral
Babushka 's Pierogi came through .	Pierogi	neutral
I ordered the polish platter which comes with pierogies , stuffed cabbage , kielbasa and braised cabbage .	pierogies	neutral
I ordered the polish platter which comes with pierogies , stuffed cabbage , kielbasa and braised cabbage .	kielbasa	neutral
The pierogies were my favorite .	pierogies	neutral
Cabbage was well seasoned and kielbasa was flavorful .	Cabbage	neutral
Cabbage was well seasoned and kielbasa was flavorful .	kielbasa	neutral
I briefly spoke with the owner and she was lovely .	owner	neutral
I would recommend this resturant to anyone .	resturant	neutral
I 'd like my food a little hotter .	food	neutral
Great fish & chips ...	fish & chips	neutral
but the Halibut is crazy expensive ...	Halibut	neutral
Not very good food or service .	food	neutral
Not very good food or service .	service	neutral
Our server forgot everything we asked for the first time .	server	neutral
how the food we got ( tempura vegetables )	food	neutral
how the food we got ( tempura vegetables )	tempura vegetables	neutral
we soggy and our sushi tasted old .	sushi	neutral
The kao soi and pad	kao soi	neutral
The kao soi and pad	pad	neutral
Thai chicken / shrimp were really good and well portioned .	Thai chicken / shrimp	neutral
The sauce in the kao soi was so addicting .	sauce in	neutral
The sauce in the kao soi was so addicting .	kao soi	neutral
Mixed the pad Thai noodles into the remaining sauce .	pad Thai noodles	neutral
Great beer selection	beer selection	neutral
and I got the Bacon PBJ Burger !	Bacon PBJ Burger	neutral
This is my new favorite bar , Gilbert just got a whole lot cooler !	bar	neutral
The herbed lemonade is very refreshing and delicious .	herbed lemonade	neutral
My friend also enjoyed her iced mocha latte , though she did add a lot of sugar to it .	iced mocha latte	neutral
The sinful tots were my favorite part of the meal .	sinful tots	neutral
The peppers were the perfect touch of tang and spice added to the top to break up the heaviness .	peppers	neutral
The breakfast Mac was good , but I think it had too much ham and bacon mixed in and definitely did not the the egg added on top .	breakfast Mac	neutral
My friend devoured her chicken and waffles .	chicken and waffles	neutral
She said the chicken was very well seasoned .	chicken	neutral
My other friend got a sample plate that had bacon waffles , a piece of fried chicken , collard greens , and Mac and cheese .	bacon waffles	neutral
My other friend got a sample plate that had bacon waffles , a piece of fried chicken , collard greens , and Mac and cheese .	collard	neutral
Their syrups are delicious !	syrups	neutral
Definitely do n't come here if you are looking for a light or healthy meal .	meal	neutral
It is a nice evening and the Brooke that runs next to the patio has a relaxing sound .	Brooke	neutral
It is a nice evening and the Brooke that runs next to the patio has a relaxing sound .	patio	neutral
As the evening has gone on , the lighting dims nicely .	lighting	neutral
My waiter was Ramoel .	waiter	neutral
My rolls took an appropriate amount of time to follow .	rolls	neutral
The spicy tuna roll was decent .	spicy tuna roll	neutral
3 stars for Ramoel and ambiance .	Ramoel	neutral
3 stars for Ramoel and ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
The sushi I give a 2 .	sushi	neutral
This is not my favorite pizza place , but in a bind , it 'll do just fine	pizza place	neutral
I ordered a medium pepperoni+mushroom+spinach pizza delivered , and it was A - OK .	pepperoni+mushroom+spinach pizza	neutral
* Tip : if you order online , you get a 20 % discount off delivery orders :	delivery	neutral
We ordered a couple margaritas , and they were intensely sweet and too strong to enjoy .	margaritas	neutral
The presentation was nice , and it included 3 different salsas to try .	presentation	neutral
The presentation was nice , and it included 3 different salsas to try .	salsas	neutral
The chips were crisp and fresh .	chips	neutral
From the moment we sat down , we spent over an hour there , and all we had to show for it were some chips and salsa and a couple of bad drinks .	drinks	neutral
It was a total mood killer for the two of us who were prepared to party and spend our money at Z'Tejas .	Z'Tejas	neutral
Our server , Kristy , was fabulous , so knowledgeable and entertaining when answering questions about the menu and checking back during the meal ( but not too often ) to see if we needed anything .	server	neutral
My husband was stationed in Germany while in the military and thoroughly enjoyed this authentic German cuisine !	German cuisine	neutral
The decor is charming !	decor	neutral
The service here is always terrible , but we went back because the food was good .	service	neutral
The service here is always terrible , but we went back because the food was good .	food	neutral
Not great , but good for a quick / cheap / quick BBQ fix .	BBQ	neutral
Unfortunately , the last two times we went the service was predictably poor AND the food was bad .	service	neutral
Unfortunately , the last two times we went the service was predictably poor AND the food was bad .	food	neutral
Last time I ordered the salmon and my husband had ribs - both meals were cold , so cold in fact that the butter sauce they poured over the salmon ( about a cup of it ) was congealed and had to be scraped off .	salmon	neutral
Last time I ordered the salmon and my husband had ribs - both meals were cold , so cold in fact that the butter sauce they poured over the salmon ( about a cup of it ) was congealed and had to be scraped off .	ribs	neutral
Last time I ordered the salmon and my husband had ribs - both meals were cold , so cold in fact that the butter sauce they poured over the salmon ( about a cup of it ) was congealed and had to be scraped off .	butter	neutral
The ribs had very little flavor ( other than salt ) and even less meat .	ribs	neutral
The blend of sauces and cheese gives it an amazing taste .	sauces	neutral
The blend of sauces and cheese gives it an amazing taste .	cheese	neutral
The complimentary truffle fries with the Yelp check	truffle fries	neutral
I hope this review makes at least some people aware of what this place will do to it 's loyal customers	place	neutral
I am sure you can get better food for this price , i came because as a guest in the hotel you get two for one , the ribs were dry , the pasta mediocre and the rest was just fine	food	neutral
I am sure you can get better food for this price , i came because as a guest in the hotel you get two for one , the ribs were dry , the pasta mediocre and the rest was just fine	ribs	neutral
I am sure you can get better food for this price , i came because as a guest in the hotel you get two for one , the ribs were dry , the pasta mediocre and the rest was just fine	pasta	neutral
Drinks were good , and options were plentiful , but the service was severely lacking .	Drinks	neutral
Drinks were good , and options were plentiful , but the service was severely lacking .	service	neutral
The breakfast nachos I had once turned me off from trying they 're food , although some of their stuff does look pretty good .	breakfast nachos	neutral
Jeff ( owner ) does a fantastic job at not only running a great business but also with the quality of food he prepares for customers and excellent customer service and catering as well .	food	neutral
Jeff ( owner ) does a fantastic job at not only running a great business but also with the quality of food he prepares for customers and excellent customer service and catering as well .	customer service	neutral
Jeff ( owner ) does a fantastic job at not only running a great business but also with the quality of food he prepares for customers and excellent customer service and catering as well .	catering	neutral
My offices that I bring lunch to love this food fare .	food fare	neutral
As a part of our healthcare community this food is something I feel confident about bringing to my colleges and offices that I visit .	food	neutral
I 've been on a trek to find the best ramen in Chinatown , and so far have had Sora , Monta , Misoya , Jinya , and Yagyu .	ramen	neutral
The noodles are thick and hearty , the broth always full of flavor .	noodles	neutral
The noodles are thick and hearty , the broth always full of flavor .	broth	neutral
The best thing that no other restaurant compares to , though , is the chashu .	chashu	neutral
I do n't know what this place does	place	neutral
The fat on the pork belly actually melts in your mouth when you eat it .	fat	neutral
The fat on the pork belly actually melts in your mouth when you eat it .	pork belly	neutral
Also try the Henny Penny , chipotle mayo on ciabatta ? ?	Henny	neutral
Ten Rens has the good fortune of being a decent bubble tea spot in the middle of a residential are packed with Asians .	bubble	neutral
However teas premium price with an average taste .	teas	neutral
I have always enjoyed Ten Rens tea .	Ten	neutral
I have always enjoyed Ten Rens tea .	tea	neutral
Never too sweet with strong tea flavours .	tea flavours	neutral
8 dollars for a large milk tea with tapioca ?	milk tea	neutral
8 dollars for a large milk tea with tapioca ?	tapioca	neutral
Honestly the teas are great .	teas	neutral
Bubble tea is consistently enjoyable .	Bubble tea	neutral
However the price of a drink is insane .	drink	neutral
So I went in last night with a friend to have dinner and was surprised on how rude the waitress was .	waitress	neutral
, we thought maybe your adding more chips since almost all the guac was still there	guac	neutral
Girl had some bad attitude .	Girl	neutral
Anywayssss besides that , food was n't that great either .	food	neutral
I am so disappointed that an establishment that is known to be " family friendly " allows employees to be so disgustingly rude .	employees	neutral
My children ( ages run from 13 - 18 ) were treated so rudely and found hair cooked into their meals .	meals	neutral
Unfortunately I am out of town at the moment , but post an update when I get back and have to opportunity to speak my kids and the restrauant manager and waitress .	restrauant	neutral
Unfortunately I am out of town at the moment , but post an update when I get back and have to opportunity to speak my kids and the restrauant manager and waitress .	manager	neutral
Unfortunately I am out of town at the moment , but post an update when I get back and have to opportunity to speak my kids and the restrauant manager and waitress .	waitress	neutral
The portions are MASSIVE .	portions	neutral
But the food is honestly so good , that I was n't even bothered by it .	food	neutral
I had the Ziti with green peppers and sausage and I loved it .	Ziti with green peppers and sausage	neutral
The sausage was cooked to perfection and had a really great smoky flavor .	sausage	neutral
The decor is also really cool .	decor	neutral
They have vintage tvs , and vintage bikes and such and it 's definitely neat to look at .	tvs	neutral
They have vintage tvs , and vintage bikes and such and it 's definitely neat to look at .	bikes	neutral
I wish the crust of the bread was , well , crusty , but the bread itself was soft .	crust	neutral
I wish the crust of the bread was , well , crusty , but the bread itself was soft .	bread	neutral
I wish the crust of the bread was , well , crusty , but the bread itself was soft .	bread	neutral
Meat and onions were great , but I probably should have asked for double meat and onions .	Meat	neutral
Meat and onions were great , but I probably should have asked for double meat and onions .	onions	neutral
What makes this place great is the people .	place	neutral
What makes this place great is the people .	people	neutral
The cook even double wrapped my red sauce on the side to help keep the lid on top of the plastic cup .	cook	neutral
I forgot about the sauce lol	sauce	neutral
My husband and I came here with friends a few years back , and the food was mediocre at best .	food	neutral
The busser was working his tail off and you could tell the servers were super busy , but we still waited almost an entire hour for a burrito and a waffle .	busser	neutral
The busser was working his tail off and you could tell the servers were super busy , but we still waited almost an entire hour for a burrito and a waffle .	servers	neutral
Our server popped by twice to tell us our food was almost out	server	neutral
When our food finally came , my husband 's waffle was ice cold .	waffle	neutral
My burrito was obviously microwaved ( the tortilla was hot and the eggs were steamy and almost watery ) and was missing the potatoes .	burrito	neutral
My burrito was obviously microwaved ( the tortilla was hot and the eggs were steamy and almost watery ) and was missing the potatoes .	tortilla	neutral
My burrito was obviously microwaved ( the tortilla was hot and the eggs were steamy and almost watery ) and was missing the potatoes .	eggs	neutral
Our server asked us how everything was and	server	neutral
we did let her know the waffle was cold	waffle	neutral
I do n't know if it 's just gone downhill in the past few years , but with all the awesome brunch options out in our neighborhood ( with more opening up ) like Postino , Central Bistro , and Snooze , we wo n't be back to Over Easy .	Postino	neutral
I do n't know if it 's just gone downhill in the past few years , but with all the awesome brunch options out in our neighborhood ( with more opening up ) like Postino , Central Bistro , and Snooze , we wo n't be back to Over Easy .	Central Bistro	neutral
The staff is excellent and in the past the food has been awesome but the last two visits our food has been cold ! !	staff	neutral
The staff is excellent and in the past the food has been awesome but the last two visits our food has been cold ! !	food	neutral
The staff is excellent and in the past the food has been awesome but the last two visits our food has been cold ! !	food	neutral
This is pretty much a staple place for all ASU students to go to since it 's right across the street from campus .	place	neutral
The decor and ambiance of the place is pretty chill .	decor	neutral
The decor and ambiance of the place is pretty chill .	ambiance	neutral
The decor and ambiance of the place is pretty chill .	place	neutral
The place is always busy and service is usually speedy .	place	neutral
The place is always busy and service is usually speedy .	service	neutral
Try the stuffed jalapenos ; wash it down with lots of eel and salmon ; get some different bites of tuna in between ; order the obligatory ASU and Sun Devil Rolls ; never EVER forget the soft shell crab ; and once you 've discreetly unbuttoned the top button of your skinny jeans and kicked your feet up into your friend 's lap , splurge and get some tempura ice cream because let 's face it :	stuffed jalapenos	neutral
Try the stuffed jalapenos ; wash it down with lots of eel and salmon ; get some different bites of tuna in between ; order the obligatory ASU and Sun Devil Rolls ; never EVER forget the soft shell crab ; and once you 've discreetly unbuttoned the top button of your skinny jeans and kicked your feet up into your friend 's lap , splurge and get some tempura ice cream because let 's face it :	eel	neutral
Try the stuffed jalapenos ; wash it down with lots of eel and salmon ; get some different bites of tuna in between ; order the obligatory ASU and Sun Devil Rolls ; never EVER forget the soft shell crab ; and once you 've discreetly unbuttoned the top button of your skinny jeans and kicked your feet up into your friend 's lap , splurge and get some tempura ice cream because let 's face it :	salmon	neutral
Try the stuffed jalapenos ; wash it down with lots of eel and salmon ; get some different bites of tuna in between ; order the obligatory ASU and Sun Devil Rolls ; never EVER forget the soft shell crab ; and once you 've discreetly unbuttoned the top button of your skinny jeans and kicked your feet up into your friend 's lap , splurge and get some tempura ice cream because let 's face it :	ASU and	neutral
Try the stuffed jalapenos ; wash it down with lots of eel and salmon ; get some different bites of tuna in between ; order the obligatory ASU and Sun Devil Rolls ; never EVER forget the soft shell crab ; and once you 've discreetly unbuttoned the top button of your skinny jeans and kicked your feet up into your friend 's lap , splurge and get some tempura ice cream because let 's face it :	Sun Devil Rolls	neutral
Try the stuffed jalapenos ; wash it down with lots of eel and salmon ; get some different bites of tuna in between ; order the obligatory ASU and Sun Devil Rolls ; never EVER forget the soft shell crab ; and once you 've discreetly unbuttoned the top button of your skinny jeans and kicked your feet up into your friend 's lap , splurge and get some tempura ice cream because let 's face it :	soft	neutral
Try the stuffed jalapenos ; wash it down with lots of eel and salmon ; get some different bites of tuna in between ; order the obligatory ASU and Sun Devil Rolls ; never EVER forget the soft shell crab ; and once you 've discreetly unbuttoned the top button of your skinny jeans and kicked your feet up into your friend 's lap , splurge and get some tempura ice cream because let 's face it :	shell crab	neutral
Try the stuffed jalapenos ; wash it down with lots of eel and salmon ; get some different bites of tuna in between ; order the obligatory ASU and Sun Devil Rolls ; never EVER forget the soft shell crab ; and once you 've discreetly unbuttoned the top button of your skinny jeans and kicked your feet up into your friend 's lap , splurge and get some tempura ice cream because let 's face it :	skinny	neutral
There 's always room for fried dessert .	fried dessert	neutral
and I would n't drive out of my way to stop in for a bite , I 'll always have a soft spot for Sushi 101 and all the warm fuzzy [ and drunken ] memories attached to the place .	Sushi	neutral
Also , they have a great Happy Hour menu worth checking out and their lunch specials are decent .	Happy Hour menu	neutral
Also , they have a great Happy Hour menu worth checking out and their lunch specials are decent .	lunch specials	neutral
Spinach and artichoke dip with chips were awesome .	Spinach	neutral
Spinach and artichoke dip with chips were awesome .	artichoke dip with chips	neutral
Thick and crunchy chips that were well seasoned .	chips	neutral
The Mahi Mahi wrap not so much .	Mahi Mahi wrap	neutral
Way too much onion in the pico , and the fish had a funky flavor .	pico	neutral
Way too much onion in the pico , and the fish had a funky flavor .	fish	neutral
I really wanted to like it here , but just having a hard time falling for the place .	place	neutral
I had the steak oscar and my husband had a ny strip with bernaise sauce that was so , so yummy it tasted as if it was made by the Gods .	steak oscar	neutral
I had the steak oscar and my husband had a ny strip with bernaise sauce that was so , so yummy it tasted as if it was made by the Gods .	ny strip with bernaise sauce	neutral
The asparagus was sweet and the crab , meaty but the sauce ,	asparagus	neutral
The asparagus was sweet and the crab , meaty but the sauce ,	crab	neutral
The asparagus was sweet and the crab , meaty but the sauce ,	sauce	neutral
Here 's what also was a little magical , the chef , Henry Jones came out to the dining room to see how folks were enjoying their meal .	chef	neutral
Jesus and Nicole were our wait staff and we 're also both exceptional !	Jesus	neutral
Jesus and Nicole were our wait staff and we 're also both exceptional !	Nicole	neutral
Jesus and Nicole were our wait staff and we 're also both exceptional !	wait	neutral
The waiting time was over 40 minutes but we decided to be patient and wait - it was absolutely worth it since the food as delicious .	food	neutral
The service was quick and pleasant .	service	neutral
I am so excited about this cup of coffee	cup	neutral
It 's a ' white zombie ' which is a slow roasted cafe bianca with almond and vanilla flavoring , suggested by the Barista .	cafe	neutral
Awesome service , great place and most importantly excellent coffee .	service	neutral
Awesome service , great place and most importantly excellent coffee .	place	neutral
Awesome service , great place and most importantly excellent coffee .	coffee	neutral
We shared the Wisconsin Cheese Bites appetizer and they were great !	Wisconsin Cheese Bites appetizer	neutral
I ordered their New Orleans Pasta which sounded great on the menu .	New Orleans Pasta	neutral
When it arrived the noodles were very much over cooked and chicken was dry .	noodles	neutral
When it arrived the noodles were very much over cooked and chicken was dry .	chicken	neutral
I was pleased with the server but the kitchen was super slow and really was n't cooking the food well .	server	neutral
I was pleased with the server but the kitchen was super slow and really was n't cooking the food well .	kitchen	neutral
We ordered the same appetizer and I ordered the chicken fingers and shrimp combo with broccoli cheese casserole and Mac and cheese .	chicken fingers	neutral
I also requested my chicken fingers to be half classic and the other half BBQ .	chicken fingers	neutral
The meal came quite quick .	meal	neutral
They gave me mashed potatoes with gravy on the side which I did not order and my chicken fingers were not BBQ , they were buffalo .	chicken fingers	neutral
My wife ordered chicken finger and sirloin combo with mashed potatoes and gravy and broccoli cheese casserole and opted to have half of her chicken fingers with garlic Parmesan and the other half classic .	chicken finger and	neutral
My wife ordered chicken finger and sirloin combo with mashed potatoes and gravy and broccoli cheese casserole and opted to have half of her chicken fingers with garlic Parmesan and the other half classic .	sirloin combo with	neutral
My wife ordered chicken finger and sirloin combo with mashed potatoes and gravy and broccoli cheese casserole and opted to have half of her chicken fingers with garlic Parmesan and the other half classic .	chicken	neutral
Her broccoli cheese casserole was cold and the chicken fingers were wrong .	broccoli cheese casserole	neutral
Her broccoli cheese casserole was cold and the chicken fingers were wrong .	chicken fingers	neutral
Her steak was medium well and was ordered as medium .	steak	neutral
The manager corrected the order but the broccoli cheese casserole came back cold again .	manager	neutral
The manager corrected the order but the broccoli cheese casserole came back cold again .	broccoli cheese casserole	neutral
The server we had the first time recognized us and came by and said hello	server	neutral
He said the kitchen was ridiculous and all the general manager has done is comped meals left and right .	kitchen	neutral
He said the kitchen was ridiculous and all the general manager has done is comped meals left and right .	general manager	neutral
He said the kitchen was ridiculous and all the general manager has done is comped meals left and right .	meals	neutral
I definitely caution choosing to eat at this Cheddars because they still have inexperienced cooks in the kitchen .	Cheddars	neutral
I definitely caution choosing to eat at this Cheddars because they still have inexperienced cooks in the kitchen .	cooks	neutral
This is the far most fucked up bartender I have ever encountered except for Rob .	bartender	neutral
This is the far most fucked up bartender I have ever encountered except for Rob .	Rob	neutral
Why do n't you get bartenders like this racial as fuck !	bartenders	neutral
terrible service and food is not so great either .	service	neutral
terrible service and food is not so great either .	food	neutral
But the food is sooo good ! ! !	food	neutral
I love there cheesy corn !	cheesy corn	neutral
I love their house salad with the dressing , I love the daikon and jalape単o !	house salad	neutral
I love their house salad with the dressing , I love the daikon and jalape単o !	dressing	neutral
I love their house salad with the dressing , I love the daikon and jalape単o !	daikon and jalape単o	neutral
Make sure you save room for dessert if you get the family combos !	dessert	neutral
Make sure you save room for dessert if you get the family combos !	family combos	neutral
The cookies and ice cream are fantastic individually ; putting them together in an ice cream sandwich is HEAVEN !	cookies	neutral
The cookies and ice cream are fantastic individually ; putting them together in an ice cream sandwich is HEAVEN !	ice cream	neutral
I recommend getting the cookies warmed when you make a sandwich - it wo n't melt the ice cream and makes it all stick together better !	cookies	neutral
What a random establishment .	establishment	neutral
There was a guy playing some blues on their front patio .	front	neutral
There was a guy playing some blues on their front patio .	patio	neutral
They have a back patio	back patio	neutral
The servers were pretty clueless .	servers	neutral
He did n't even check the bar without saying that , and the wine fridge was right behind him .	wine fridge	neutral
I paid $ 15 ( $ 8 for my wine and $ 7 for my friend 's beer .	wine	neutral
I paid $ 15 ( $ 8 for my wine and $ 7 for my friend 's beer .	beer	neutral
We did n't order any food , but I saw another table 's hummus and pita plate which looked pretty good .	hummus	neutral
We did n't order any food , but I saw another table 's hummus and pita plate which looked pretty good .	pita plate	neutral
Carnivore paradise .	Carnivore	neutral
The place is BYOB as well .	place	neutral
Outside of the sauces ( they are good )	sauces	neutral
, I do n't really know what makes this place Argentinian -- it could have just as easily be an American grill .	place	neutral
I got the Parrillada Mixta ( NY strip , pulled chicken and chorizo ) for $ 25 for a sampling .	Parrillada Mixta	neutral
I got the Parrillada Mixta ( NY strip , pulled chicken and chorizo ) for $ 25 for a sampling .	pulled chicken	neutral
No complaints , just a good plate of meat and all the various sauces kept it interesting as I went to work .	plate	neutral
No complaints , just a good plate of meat and all the various sauces kept it interesting as I went to work .	meat	neutral
No complaints , just a good plate of meat and all the various sauces kept it interesting as I went to work .	sauces	neutral
The service is EXCELLENT despite the order - at - the - counter approach .	service	neutral
The servers kept coming back to top off our water and checking in .	servers	neutral
There is a lot of hype attached to this place -- but I think it 's good in the fact that it simply does n't fuck anything up and does it in a very self - serve casual style .	place	neutral
But this is definitely a place I would frequent if I lived in Pittsburgh .	place	neutral
I came here expecting to have some awesome fish tacos , not amazing , just good .	fish tacos	neutral
So the place is really clean and the employees are very friendly .	place	neutral
So the place is really clean and the employees are very friendly .	employees	neutral
The menu is not overwhelming , with enough options for anyone from any age .	menu	neutral
The salsa bar was fully stocked and very neat ....	salsa bar	neutral
There fish is chopped and battered , so its really hard to hold or to eat without looking a mess , especially if your like me and tries every sauce they offer lol .	fish	neutral
There fish is chopped and battered , so its really hard to hold or to eat without looking a mess , especially if your like me and tries every sauce they offer lol .	sauce	neutral
The fish was everywhere except the tortilla .	fish	neutral
The fish was everywhere except the tortilla .	tortilla	neutral
The fish was not crispy in any form , it felt like steamed bread stuffed with fish !	fish	neutral
The texture of the fish was nothing of what a real fish taco is .	fish	neutral
The texture of the fish was nothing of what a real fish taco is .	fish taco	neutral
All around not as cracked up to be , rubios is still better for a fast food fish taco and cheaper	fish taco	neutral
I was surprised to walk by most of the booths , only to see that they mostly catered to people ; I expected food , but there was a dentist , wireless companies , credit card companies , rock climbing wall ( maybe you can ask a stranger to hold the leash while you climb it ) ..	booths	neutral
Where was Chef Michael 's food truck ( for dogs ) ? !	Chef Michael	neutral
Where was Chef Michael 's food truck ( for dogs ) ? !	food	neutral
Meat is a lil dry but good flavor over all .	Meat	neutral
The fries are yummy , great competitive prices .	fries	neutral
Went again this evening and had the Seafood Delight ( The dish	Seafood Delight	neutral
a mix of shrimp , scallops , mussels , squid , and salmon in a spicy curry sauce with vegetables .	spicy curry sauce	neutral
It was once again an excellent dish .	dish	neutral
I split the Crab Tempura for an appetizer , soft shell crab tempura with mango and a very tasty sweet and spicy sauce .	Crab Tempura	neutral
I split the Crab Tempura for an appetizer , soft shell crab tempura with mango and a very tasty sweet and spicy sauce .	sweet and	neutral
They do not look happy or smile like they enjoy life , coffee tastes weird , small stuffy enclosure , though the colors are stimulating .	coffee	neutral
Friendly staff , nice clean and warm eating area .	staff	neutral
Friendly staff , nice clean and warm eating area .	eating area	neutral
Food is very flavorful with very big portions .	Food	neutral
Food is very flavorful with very big portions .	portions	neutral
FOOD IS HIGHLY ADDICTIVE !	FOOD	neutral
Great spot .	spot	neutral
I 'm a huge fan of Chicken Wings and have explored many places in Toronto for delicious wings and something where I can get away from the standard levels of spicy BBQ sauces .	spicy BBQ sauces	neutral
Puck'n Wings is the place to go if you want to explore various wing flavours .	Puck'n Wings	neutral
There are over 50 selections , and the wings have never been dry or stingy with the meat on the bone .	wings	neutral
They definitely do n't go stingy with their soft drinks , that 's for sure .	soft drinks	neutral
Also , the curly fries are really tastey with a great side dip .	curly fries	neutral
Also , the curly fries are really tastey with a great side dip .	side dip	neutral
The service is pretty friendly , and if you 're into sports they have them playing on the TV screens throughout the restaurant .	service	neutral
Also , from what I hear for you guys out there , supposedly , the urinals have little hockey nets and pucks for you to play with while peeing .	urinals	neutral
Terrible service .	service	neutral
Bartender did n't want to accommodate a request I made that the manager made for someone with the same request 10 minutes after me .	manager	neutral
Food was good tho .	Food	neutral
I ordered a burger and fried and have to say i was not impressed at all .	burger	neutral
To me this place is over priced for what you get .	place	neutral
I will drive to Watson for a better meal	meal	neutral
I 'm a frequent visitor to the bottle shop ( best in town ) , finally made it in to the new taproom	taproom	neutral
-- Mickey has done an incredible job .	Mickey	neutral
Warm and inviting , incredible beer , great TV setup , and happened to come on during a New Belgium event .	beer	neutral
Warm and inviting , incredible beer , great TV setup , and happened to come on during a New Belgium event .	TV setup	neutral
Over priced taco stand with little flair .	taco stand	neutral
Plastic silverware and wine is $ 9 a small glass in plastic .	silverware	neutral
Plastic silverware and wine is $ 9 a small glass in plastic .	wine	neutral
I ordered the smallest baby back ribs	baby back ribs	neutral
I had 4 pockets of meat between 5 ribs .	ribs	neutral
The mash potatos were average with a great peppery gravy .	mash potatos	neutral
The mash potatos were average with a great peppery gravy .	peppery gravy	neutral
The mac n cheese had a solid layer of cheese on it .	mac n cheese	neutral
The best part of the meal was definitely the 2 tiny cheese biscuits .	cheese biscuits	neutral
Decided to give this restaurant a try .	restaurant	neutral
They have a very big dinning area .	dinning area	neutral
The whole course come within 3 minutes ( a order of egg rolls and 2 noodles soups ) .	egg	neutral
The whole course come within 3 minutes ( a order of egg rolls and 2 noodles soups ) .	noodles soups	neutral
Even tho the food come so quick	food	neutral
Their rare beef in a soup ( Pho ) is very tender and thin .	rare beef in a soup ( Pho )	neutral
AMAZING FOOD .	FOOD	neutral
Great atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Great service !	service	neutral
This bistro / coffee shop is open 24 hours a day .	coffee shop	neutral
It reminds me of cafe 's in Europe that have sandwiches and delicious desserts along with the coffee and teas of your choice .	desserts	neutral
It reminds me of cafe 's in Europe that have sandwiches and delicious desserts along with the coffee and teas of your choice .	coffee	neutral
The staff is friendly and helpful .	staff	neutral
We loved the convenience of this spot when we stayed at Paris last time .	spot	neutral
Interesting modern decor , but they sure need to get their act together .	modern	neutral
Interesting modern decor , but they sure need to get their act together .	decor	neutral
Service is really bad .	Service	neutral
Server was late , We ordered to two different people , drinks were really late ( how long does it take to pour two glasses of wine ? )	Server	neutral
Server was late , We ordered to two different people , drinks were really late ( how long does it take to pour two glasses of wine ? )	drinks	neutral
This place is a hidden gem .	place	neutral
Great food and great family - owned atmosphere .	food	neutral
Great food and great family - owned atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
I had the spaghetti and meatballs and it was fantastic !	spaghetti and meatballs	neutral
and I would of expected fresher warmer food .	food	neutral
Even the soup was tasteless .	soup	neutral
Welcome to the bland over priced disappointing restaurants of Surprise .	restaurants	neutral
Our server was awesome ; kind , profesionnal , knew his wines .	server	neutral
Very very good service which is already enough to have me say we 'll be back .	service	neutral
The appetizers were very good .	appetizers	neutral
There was a special dish inspired by the market , therefore we enjoyed a great veal carpaccio ( YUM ! ) and a classic yet flawless burrata mozzarella appetizer ( double YUM ! )	veal	neutral
There was a special dish inspired by the market , therefore we enjoyed a great veal carpaccio ( YUM ! ) and a classic yet flawless burrata mozzarella appetizer ( double YUM ! )	carpaccio	neutral
There was a special dish inspired by the market , therefore we enjoyed a great veal carpaccio ( YUM ! ) and a classic yet flawless burrata mozzarella appetizer ( double YUM ! )	burrata mozzarella appetizer	neutral
I was expecting to be really impressed by the pasta .	pasta	neutral
My boyfriend had the full plate of the pasta of the day and felt like it was a small portion .	pasta	neutral
I had tons of seafood in mine which made up for the sauce which I felt was a little underwhelming .	seafood	neutral
I had tons of seafood in mine which made up for the sauce which I felt was a little underwhelming .	sauce	neutral
You can tell how fresh their food is .	food	neutral
The cheese plate was a bit of a bummer .	cheese plate	neutral
We did n't get how and why a cheese platter could include a huge portion of parmesan .	cheese	neutral
BUT the caciocavallo and the gorgonzala themselves were more than enough .	caciocavallo	neutral
BUT the caciocavallo and the gorgonzala themselves were more than enough .	gorgonzala	neutral
The servings were huge and the price really reasonable !	servings	neutral
Desert was PER - FECT .	Desert	neutral
It 's a place to try .	place	neutral
Nice ambiance , awesome service and very cute decor .	ambiance	neutral
Nice ambiance , awesome service and very cute decor .	service	neutral
Nice ambiance , awesome service and very cute decor .	decor	neutral
Sadly , the takeout size for the salads inconsistent- with the version I got today being pretty pitiful .	takeout	neutral
Sadly , the takeout size for the salads inconsistent- with the version I got today being pretty pitiful .	salads	neutral
Barely any chicken and small overall- lots of turnips if you like turnip salad .	chicken	neutral
I had high expectations because I had done a lot of research and looked at hundreds of photos of food and simply fell in love with what we would be enjoying .	food	neutral
The location : It is beautiful .	location	neutral
The service : Service was pretty good .	service	neutral
The service : Service was pretty good .	Service	neutral
The food : This is where my rating comes from .	food	neutral
The complimentary bread , I was n't a fan .	bread	neutral
My husband ordered the filet mignon , it was delicious and flavorful .	filet mignon	neutral
My seafood alfredo was not worth the $ 59 we paid .	seafood alfredo	neutral
The noodles were not done enough and it was very bland .	noodles	neutral
Had high hopes for this place .	place	neutral
Great atmosphere but	atmosphere	neutral
the sushi fell short especially con the prices .	sushi	neutral
Most important part of sushi is freshness but that did n't happen .	sushi	neutral
Have been there five times food is great , service has just gotten worse .	food	neutral
Have been there five times food is great , service has just gotten worse .	service	neutral
Even after the last attempt at talking to the manager without making a scene , or asking for anything free , they just ca n't seem to get it right .	manager	neutral
If service does n't improve they are n't going to make it with the way things are currently being ran .	service	neutral
Tutto 's is great for inexpensive but yummy Italian .	Tutto 's	neutral
Tutto 's is great for inexpensive but yummy Italian .	Italian	neutral
I have ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo and the Tuttos pasta .	Fettuccine Alfredo	neutral
No bland sauce here !	sauce	neutral
and I always seem to eat way too much of the toasted bread with olive oil .	toasted bread	neutral
Had the ranch house Benedict and was very happy with it .	ranch house Benedict	neutral
Tasted great and the serving filled me up .	serving	neutral
Service was very quick and staff were all very friendly .	Service	neutral
Service was very quick and staff were all very friendly .	staff	neutral
This place is alright for some hot soup to warm you up on a cold day .	soup	neutral
Place is small and it was n't all that busy for a Saturday night .	Place	neutral
The " hot pots " were enough to fill an individual .	hot pots	neutral
We had the kimch , prime rib , and hot spicy thai flavors .	kimch	neutral
We had the kimch , prime rib , and hot spicy thai flavors .	prime rib	neutral
We had the kimch , prime rib , and hot spicy thai flavors .	hot spicy thai	neutral
Out of all three the spicy thai pot was the best with the kimch pot coming in second .	spicy thai pot	neutral
Out of all three the spicy thai pot was the best with the kimch pot coming in second .	kimch pot	neutral
The prime rib was a bit bland to my liking .	prime rib	neutral
Check this place out if you are in the area .	place	neutral
3 stars for a good place .	place	neutral
Pizza cooked in a coal oven ?	Pizza	neutral
I 've heard of brick oven and wood fire , but coal ?	wood	neutral
Some of the best pizza I have EVER had !	pizza	neutral
Who knew this fossil fuel could help produce heavenly bites of pizza ? !	pizza	neutral
The place is a little small	place	neutral
so I can imagine the wait time at peak hours can be long .	wait	neutral
The bartender was nice and since it was my first time , he explained the menu and how the pizza is made .	bartender	neutral
Yumm the smell of the pizza was divine !	smell of the pizza	neutral
yes people the pizza is that good that strangers will ask for your leftovers ! !	pizza	neutral
Grimaldi 's is hands down the best pizza I have ever had !	Grimaldi 's	neutral
Grimaldi 's is hands down the best pizza I have ever had !	pizza	neutral
Grimaldi 's is the shizzz !	Grimaldi 's	neutral
I love the food , the beer is good ( though despite a constant rotation of beer , they manage to not have a lot of diversity in type ) but the service is pretty horrendous .	food	neutral
I love the food , the beer is good ( though despite a constant rotation of beer , they manage to not have a lot of diversity in type ) but the service is pretty horrendous .	beer	neutral
I love the food , the beer is good ( though despite a constant rotation of beer , they manage to not have a lot of diversity in type ) but the service is pretty horrendous .	rotation	neutral
I love the food , the beer is good ( though despite a constant rotation of beer , they manage to not have a lot of diversity in type ) but the service is pretty horrendous .	beer	neutral
I love the food , the beer is good ( though despite a constant rotation of beer , they manage to not have a lot of diversity in type ) but the service is pretty horrendous .	service	neutral
Speaking as a long time server / bartender , the wait staff seems terribly disorganized .	wait staff	neutral
Good luck trying to get another beer , have a server check on you after you get your food , or close out your tab .	server	neutral
Either they 're terribly understaffed , or their employees do not understand table service techniques .	table service	neutral
I have never had a bad experience at this place with either the food or the staff and neither has anyone that I 've ever brought there .	food	neutral
I have never had a bad experience at this place with either the food or the staff and neither has anyone that I 've ever brought there .	staff	neutral
For those with food sensitivities may I just say that the staff is VERY wonderful at accommodating all diets .	staff	neutral
As a vegan who has very high food sensitivities to animal products ( both of the meat and dairy variety )	meat	neutral
Yay , kitchen staff .	kitchen staff	neutral
One thing I should mention though , is that if you are sensitive to MSG avoid the soup .	soup	neutral
My favorite things on the menu are as follows :	menu	neutral
The Milano Vegetable Wrap ( my mouth is watering ) .	Milano Vegetable Wrap	neutral
If you 're vegan , they will use a balsamic vinaigrette to season the wrap instead of pesto , and will also give you a vegan friendly dressing for your salad .	dressing	neutral
If you 're vegan , they will use a balsamic vinaigrette to season the wrap instead of pesto , and will also give you a vegan friendly dressing for your salad .	salad	neutral
I also love that I can do " half and half " because although I love my salads sometimes those fries are just calling your name ( and they are quite yummy here ) .	salads	neutral
I also love that I can do " half and half " because although I love my salads sometimes those fries are just calling your name ( and they are quite yummy here ) .	fries	neutral
The Gnocchi Primavera : ask them to leave the cheese off .	Gnocchi Primavera	neutral
The Portebellini Mushrooms : ask for the cheese to be left off .	Portebellini Mushrooms	neutral
Oh , and they make some darn good martinis .	martinis	neutral
The lighting is perfectly set ; not glaring bright , but not so dark that you ca n't see your food .	lighting	neutral
The music is always jazz ; so soothing and relaxing ( it really is the perfect dinner music ) .	music	neutral
The seating is n't cramped so you do n't have to worry about bumping elbows with your neighbors .	seating	neutral
The decor is charming and everything you would expect from a Queen West restaurant .	decor	neutral
The patio is great in the summer .	patio	neutral
Definitely recommend this spot if you 're in the hood and have n't tried it out yet !	spot	neutral
Came in for a quick lunch and got the three taco plate to go .	three	neutral
They all had different delicious descriptions ( Carne Asada , Al Pastor and Chicken ) but they all tasted the same - bland bland bland ! !	Carne	neutral
They all had different delicious descriptions ( Carne Asada , Al Pastor and Chicken ) but they all tasted the same - bland bland bland ! !	Al Pastor	neutral
They all had different delicious descriptions ( Carne Asada , Al Pastor and Chicken ) but they all tasted the same - bland bland bland ! !	Chicken	neutral
The only thing that would 've made this meal good	meal	neutral
My meal was fantastic .	meal	neutral
I was so pleased to experience food in this part of town that is both interesting and fresh .	food	neutral
The batter was very light and super crisp	batter	neutral
daily special featuring their amazing Iberico ham	Iberico ham	neutral
i had the briskey , ribs , amazing corn nuggets , and a burnt ends .	briskey	neutral
i had the briskey , ribs , amazing corn nuggets , and a burnt ends .	ribs	neutral
i had the briskey , ribs , amazing corn nuggets , and a burnt ends .	corn nuggets	neutral
i will be back and will recommend this place to all my friends .	place	neutral
The Mac Burger is phenomenal .	Mac Burger	neutral
Also the waitress staff is very responsive .	waitress staff	neutral
Very good Chinese can be had here .	Chinese	neutral
The shrimp and langostino dish I had was yummy as were the dumplings .	shrimp and langostino dish	neutral
The shrimp and langostino dish I had was yummy as were the dumplings .	dumplings	neutral
Well its between a 2 and 3 star restaurant on the food .	food	neutral
The one dish to stay away from is the Calamari / Octopus appetizer .	Calamari / Octopus appetizer	neutral
Its a very ill composed dish .	dish	neutral
There 's garbanzo bean puree , garbanzo beans and more beans .	garbanzo bean puree	neutral
There 's garbanzo bean puree , garbanzo beans and more beans .	garbanzo	neutral
Both the octopus and calamari overcooked .	octopus	neutral
Both the octopus and calamari overcooked .	calamari	neutral
If you have ever had brick chicken its moist and tender and flattened .	brick chicken	neutral
This was just oven roasted chicken .	chicken	neutral
Service was good , although our water poured water into our Pelligrino sparkling water .	Service	neutral
Service was good , although our water poured water into our Pelligrino sparkling water .	Pelligrino sparkling water	neutral
Poor customer service .	customer service	neutral
Food was delicious ! !	Food	neutral
However the wait was bad .	wait	neutral
The environment was great everyone was friendly and the music was awesome .	environment	neutral
The environment was great everyone was friendly and the music was awesome .	music	neutral
I recommend the place just expect to wait	place	neutral
really good seafood	seafood	neutral
had seafood tower , sea bass , truffle fries , fall mushrooms , crispy shrimps ; and 2 good wines .	seafood tower	neutral
had seafood tower , sea bass , truffle fries , fall mushrooms , crispy shrimps ; and 2 good wines .	sea bass	neutral
had seafood tower , sea bass , truffle fries , fall mushrooms , crispy shrimps ; and 2 good wines .	truffle fries	neutral
had seafood tower , sea bass , truffle fries , fall mushrooms , crispy shrimps ; and 2 good wines .	fall mushrooms	neutral
had seafood tower , sea bass , truffle fries , fall mushrooms , crispy shrimps ; and 2 good wines .	crispy shrimps	neutral
had seafood tower , sea bass , truffle fries , fall mushrooms , crispy shrimps ; and 2 good wines .	wines	neutral
Words can not express how good the food is here ! !	food	neutral
I had the fried chicken biscuit .	fried chicken biscuit	neutral
The various flavors of this dish was amazing !	dish	neutral
The portions are just right and you can tell real effort was put into this dish .	portions	neutral
The portions are just right and you can tell real effort was put into this dish .	dish	neutral
My table shared the pork fries .	pork fries	neutral
So nice to get out of the hotel and go to a real nice , QUALITY restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The pasta is incredibly fresh , which is so rare .	pasta	neutral
The spaghetti aglio e oli is a MUST .	spaghetti aglio e oli	neutral
If you get Zoran as your waiter ... lucky you !	Zoran	neutral
Les patates sont divinement bonnes ,	patates	neutral
le bacon croustillant  souhait et le service au top !	service	neutral
I have n't actually been into the restaurant , so ca n't comment on some of the challenges others have had with the service .	service	neutral
It 's a no - mess , nothing fancy kind of place that 's a great place to pick up a quick sandwich when your fridge is empty .	place	neutral
That said , I have never been disappointed by a sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
The bread is amazing , and the ingredients are fresh and prepared well .	bread	neutral
The bread is amazing , and the ingredients are fresh and prepared well .	ingredients	neutral
The steak and cheese is really great - not too greasy .	steak and cheese	neutral
We added saut辿ed banana peppers for a little crispness , which was amazing .	saut辿ed	neutral
We added saut辿ed banana peppers for a little crispness , which was amazing .	banana peppers	neutral
The small sub is the perfect size , too .	small sub	neutral
Not the most amazing subs I 've ever had ( I 'm from the East Coast ) , but definitely will be returning .	subs	neutral
This is the best location I 've ever been to of the franchise .	location	neutral
The bread is always warm , the service is outstanding , and the food is always very consistent .	bread	neutral
The bread is always warm , the service is outstanding , and the food is always very consistent .	service	neutral
The bread is always warm , the service is outstanding , and the food is always very consistent .	food	neutral
The vibe is n't the stereotypical vibe of a Cheesecake Factory , it 's lively , fun , and caring .	vibe	neutral
It 's been awhile since I 've eaten here , but I have the utmost respect for the bartenders here .	bartenders	neutral
It is not hyperbole to say that you could travel the world over and not find yourself a more perfect bloody mary .	bloody mary	neutral
The bartenders here are bartenders in the true classic sense , not ' mixologists ' or snotty hacks in the back pocket of the orange bitters lobby ( see also Bourban and Branch in SF) ...	bartenders	neutral
This same quality is found in all their drinks .	drinks	neutral
This place is a real class act .	place	neutral
The good : the front of house staff was friendly .	front of house staff	neutral
The bad : the boscaiola , which came recommended , and was $ 22 , was comprised of flavorless button mushrooms in hot water over noodles , with too much salt .	boscaiola	neutral
The flank steak , $ 24 , was wholly forgettable .	flank steak	neutral
Maybe we had unreasonable expectations , but I have had lean cuisines with more culinarily intrigue than the meal we just ate .	cuisines	neutral
There was a singer singing some Latino favorites which I recognize the music but do n't speak Spanish .	singer	neutral
The chips , refried beans and salsa help prep you for the amazing food to come .	chips	neutral
The chips , refried beans and salsa help prep you for the amazing food to come .	refried beans	neutral
The chips , refried beans and salsa help prep you for the amazing food to come .	salsa	neutral
I just had two grilled fish tacos since I ate so many chips .	grilled	neutral
The grilled fish was seasoned with the Baja seasoning , served with avocado and cabbage .	grilled fish	neutral
Since Loren F. speaks Spanish , we got instant rapport with Oscar , our waiter .	waiter	neutral
Lindo Michoacan is my all around favorite Mexican restaurant .	Lindo Michoacan	neutral
Lindo Michoacan is my all around favorite Mexican restaurant .	Mexican	neutral
Everything on the menu is fresh and perfectly seasoned .	menu	neutral
Cool place .	place	neutral
Good beer .	beer	neutral
Great happy hour prices with $ 6 pitchers and $ 2 sliders .	pitchers	neutral
Great happy hour prices with $ 6 pitchers and $ 2 sliders .	sliders	neutral
Super bon caf辿 .	caf辿	neutral
Les barristas sont connaissant et aidant , les caf辿s sont excellents ( chocolat aussi ) et on peut travailler au besoin .	barristas	neutral
They seemed to get rid of their happy hour prices and things are getting more expensive .	happy	neutral
They added a new menu but 15 for kim chee fried rice is a bit bunch when the portion is small	kim chee fried rice	neutral
They added a new menu but 15 for kim chee fried rice is a bit bunch when the portion is small	portion	neutral
We frequent this place often enough to have tried several of the menu items .	menu	neutral
The manager is super friendly every time we have gone in and plus military gets free drinks !	manager	neutral
Way to go Fredericos !	Fredericos	neutral
Breakfast burritos rock too so go in the morning too or order one any other tine as the menu is available all day which is nice .	Breakfast burritos	neutral
The cheese fries are good .	cheese fries	neutral
The burgers are good and worth a try	burgers	neutral
BUT I still got ta say that In - n - Out trumps this place .	In - n - Out	neutral
Not a bad little place .	place	neutral
HanPan was good overall .	HanPan	neutral
The sides were a nice change , especially with the salads .	sides	neutral
The sides were a nice change , especially with the salads .	salads	neutral
Draft beer is great .	Draft beer	neutral
The squid / octo dish was delicious but had almost no octopus .	squid / octo dish	neutral
This place was pretty good !	place	neutral
Great place for people that are gluten and dairy intolerant !	place	neutral
I ended up getting the coconut acai without the bananas .	coconut	neutral
The fresh fruit and granola on top with the honey made it super fresh .	fruit	neutral
The fresh fruit and granola on top with the honey made it super fresh .	granola	neutral
The fresh fruit and granola on top with the honey made it super fresh .	honey	neutral
I 'm really excited to come back and try the pancakes !	pancakes	neutral
I wo n't say for sure that this place is a racist establishment , but it sure seemed that way .	place	neutral
I wo n't say for sure that this place is a racist establishment , but it sure seemed that way .	establishment	neutral
The beer buckets came out relatively quick , but we waited for our food for OVER AN HOUR before deciding to leave for another burger joint .	beer buckets	neutral
and the food STILL had n't come out .	food	neutral
The waitress was ok ( I think her name was Brooklyn ) , but she should have noticed that we had been waiting for our food for , again , OVER AN HOUR	waitress	neutral
The manager ( who I 'm pretty sure was drunk ) should have done more than just give us 50 % off of the two beer buckets we ordered .	manager	neutral
They should have been 100 % off considering the HORRIBLE service and experience we had .	service	neutral
Do yourself a favor and avoid this place like the plague .	place	neutral
I am actually shocked that this restaurant does n't have a 4 + star rating on Yelp .	restaurant	neutral
I feel like I 'm a pretty picky / opinionated person with high standards for restaurants	restaurants	neutral
and I was floored by the food and service at this place .	food	neutral
and I was floored by the food and service at this place .	service	neutral
and I was floored by the food and service at this place .	place	neutral
We were both amazed by how good the food was .	food	neutral
Now , flat bread pizza and buffalo strips are staple crops to our diets ( sadly ) and we 've eaten a lot of pizza / chicken in our lifetimes .	flat bread pizza	neutral
Now , flat bread pizza and buffalo strips are staple crops to our diets ( sadly ) and we 've eaten a lot of pizza / chicken in our lifetimes .	buffalo strips	neutral
That said , the pizza was absolutely delicious and the buffalo strips were , hands down , the best buffalo strips we have ever had .	pizza	neutral
That said , the pizza was absolutely delicious and the buffalo strips were , hands down , the best buffalo strips we have ever had .	buffalo strips	neutral
That said , the pizza was absolutely delicious and the buffalo strips were , hands down , the best buffalo strips we have ever had .	buffalo strips	neutral
While I am not a fan of restaurants that have their waitresses dress a little skimpy , the service at this place was great as well .	waitresses	neutral
While I am not a fan of restaurants that have their waitresses dress a little skimpy , the service at this place was great as well .	service	neutral
our waitress was able to take our orders and give attention to our table effortlessly .	waitress	neutral
I ordered the honey toast because I guess that 's what people usually get , and it was bigger than I thought it would be !	honey toast	neutral
My friend ordered a pistachio frappucino and it was delicious !	pistachio frappucino	neutral
I do n't like pistachio in general but something about that frappe that I love so much .	frappe	neutral
I will definitely order their pistachio frappe next time I come here !	pistachio frappe	neutral
-The chicken is very , very good .	chicken	neutral
Honestly , it was the best fried chicken I have ever had .	fried chicken	neutral
Their crab hush puppies are very good also .	crab hush puppies	neutral
My SO loved his chicken and waffles , but I personally was n't a fan of the syrup .	chicken and waffles	neutral
This place is very crowded , and very narrow .	place	neutral
Tables are cramped , and there was a wait for us to get into at 6:30 on a Friday .	Tables	neutral
The wait was n't long , but I can see how busy it could get , and a few couples chose not to wait for a table because of the 30 - 40 predicted wait times	wait	neutral
- The biscuits are disappointingly small for the steep $ 3 . 50 price .	biscuits	neutral
- The food here is just too expensive for what it is .	food	neutral
Is it very , very good fried chicken ?	fried chicken	neutral
If your hankering for fried chicken can not be silenced by high prices , order away , it 's awesome fried chicken .	fried chicken	neutral
Otherwise , it might be best to skip this place .	place	neutral
It may not be in the best area of town , but once you step in , you forget you 're in the ghetto because the decor is just so damn adorable inside .	decor	neutral
Not only do they have a beautiful chalk wall , they also have this little photo op corner with tiny cows , fake grass and photo op sticks you can hold up if you choose to take advantage of the ultimate selfie station hahah .	chalk wall	neutral
Not only do they have a beautiful chalk wall , they also have this little photo op corner with tiny cows , fake grass and photo op sticks you can hold up if you choose to take advantage of the ultimate selfie station hahah .	cows	neutral
Anyhoo , onto the F&B.	F&B.	neutral
On my first visit I tried the matcha egglet combo ~ WOW FOODGASM ~ the egg puff itself is perfectly made and to match it up with ice cream and pocky sticks is genius !	matcha egglet combo	neutral
On my first visit I tried the matcha egglet combo ~ WOW FOODGASM ~ the egg puff itself is perfectly made and to match it up with ice cream and pocky sticks is genius !	egg puff	neutral
So yum , def will be back when I 'm itchy for a good dessert ! !	dessert	neutral
The milk tea , on the other hand , was n't as great as their egglet .	milk tea	neutral
The milk tea , on the other hand , was n't as great as their egglet .	egglet	neutral
The drink itself was just too powdery ... did n't taste like a fresh / authentic milk tea at all .. which makes me feel like all their milk teas would taste the same with the powdery consistency since it did n't really seem like there was actual real tea in it .	drink	neutral
The drink itself was just too powdery ... did n't taste like a fresh / authentic milk tea at all .. which makes me feel like all their milk teas would taste the same with the powdery consistency since it did n't really seem like there was actual real tea in it .	milk	neutral
The drink itself was just too powdery ... did n't taste like a fresh / authentic milk tea at all .. which makes me feel like all their milk teas would taste the same with the powdery consistency since it did n't really seem like there was actual real tea in it .	milk teas	neutral
Overall this place is so adorable !	place	neutral
I 'll stick to coming by for their great egglet desserts forsure { you all must try ! ! }	egglet desserts	neutral
4 stars : great service , adorable decor , yummy dessert ! !	service	neutral
4 stars : great service , adorable decor , yummy dessert ! !	decor	neutral
4 stars : great service , adorable decor , yummy dessert ! !	dessert	neutral
Sometimes you just want really great food and a casual place to hang with family or friends and talk !	food	neutral
Sometimes you just want really great food and a casual place to hang with family or friends and talk !	place	neutral
The first time I went , the waitress was so kind to my youngest son .	waitress	neutral
She brought him the bottled root beer and his eyes lit up .	bottled root beer	neutral
We enjoy this place after my boy 's games or concerts and it never disappoints .	place	neutral
Thank goodness this place is open late - I mean , what place would n't be if you 're in Vegas !	place	neutral
If you know me , you know I love me a good burger !	burger	neutral
Made a B - line straight for the Smashburger !	Smashburger	neutral
The burger was not bad at all , it hit the spot .	burger	neutral
The Smash fries I was really looking forward to , truffle oil , Rosemary , garlic ...	Smash fries	neutral
The service was not bad .	service	neutral
So I 'd say their service could be considered fast compared to others .	service	neutral
They smash the burgers fresh !	burgers	neutral
and it 's late , you choose Smashburger .	Smashburger	neutral
This place has pretty good food .	food	neutral
Server was very nice .	Server	neutral
Food good just not so speedy .	Food	neutral
Our server Danielle was awesome !	server	neutral
Our server Danielle was awesome !	Danielle	neutral
The lemongrass oysters by far my favorite !	lemongrass oysters	neutral
Salmon skin tacos were not my favorite but it was definitely worth the try .	Salmon skin tacos	neutral
I recommend the pork belly dish .	pork belly dish	neutral
The pork belly melted in my mouth and was full of flavor .	pork belly	neutral
The steak was pretty normal , nothing too special .	steak	neutral
Their signature dessert was amazing .	signature	neutral
Their signature dessert was amazing .	dessert	neutral
Great Food !	Food	neutral
Great service !	service	neutral
I always get the same level of service and the food is super good here !	service	neutral
I always get the same level of service and the food is super good here !	food	neutral
I highly recommend this place :-)	place	neutral
I 've always loved Tim Finnegan 's .	Tim Finnegan	neutral
They have great staff and the food is always great .	staff	neutral
They have great staff and the food is always great .	food	neutral
Amazingly nice staff , been coming here for years getting consistently good service !	staff	neutral
Amazingly nice staff , been coming here for years getting consistently good service !	service	neutral
Food is always amazing , fresh , & hot & is prepared quickly , love this place ! ...	Food	neutral
Food is always amazing , fresh , & hot & is prepared quickly , love this place ! ...	place	neutral
Recently visited again the other night and I am continuously blown away by the awesome service ! ! !	service	neutral
Top of the line for and awesome atmosphere love taking close friends here ! !	atmosphere	neutral
Legit pizza for a very reasonable price .	pizza	neutral
Quick delivery is a major plus as well .	delivery	neutral
5 star for sure I will be back soon everything down to the drink was delicious .	drink	neutral
This place is on the pricier side but it was worth it in my opinion .	place	neutral
Service was fast and friendly also .	Service	neutral
Fantastic pub !	pub	neutral
Very professional service .	service	neutral
amazing scotch selection !	scotch selection	neutral
Breakfast on the terrasse in front is wonderful and the blood pudding is nothing like what I remember it being as a kid , having to eat it at home , here it is delicious .	Breakfast	neutral
Breakfast on the terrasse in front is wonderful and the blood pudding is nothing like what I remember it being as a kid , having to eat it at home , here it is delicious .	blood pudding	neutral
Great place , good memories , but taking a star off for no more Guinness ; this place should have it again ...	place	neutral
Brisket that did n't need a knife just fell apart on my fork .	Brisket	neutral
Veggies were just ok , not fav but everything else was delicious .	Veggies	neutral
The servers took great care of me ; explaining every dish and answering any questions I had .	servers	neutral
The serving menu keeps things simple , and leaves you with just the right amount of food .	serving menu	neutral
Each dish satisfies and leaves you excited for more .	dish	neutral
The ambience is wonderful and the staff took great care of us .	ambience	neutral
The ambience is wonderful and the staff took great care of us .	staff	neutral
Roy , our server , was very busy multitasking but he made sure we knew we were valued .	Roy	neutral
I got the porterhouse which was HUGE and super juicy .	porterhouse	neutral
It came with veggies and au gratin potatoes which were really yummy .	veggies	neutral
It came with veggies and au gratin potatoes which were really yummy .	au gratin	neutral
It came with veggies and au gratin potatoes which were really yummy .	potatoes	neutral
My husband got the prime rib which was very tender and had a wonderful flavor as well .	prime rib	neutral
I had been hearing so many good things about this restaurant that I thought it was time to get some carry out .	restaurant	neutral
I ordered hot&sour soup , wonton soup ( vegetarian ) , potstickers and green beans , beef in black bean sauce ( medium spicy ) .	hot&sour soup	neutral
Arriving around 7:30 on a Thursday night , there were 2 tables occupied in this small restaurant in a bland Heights strip mall .	restaurant	neutral
The hot and sour soup , a Chinese menu staple , was unlike any I have ever had in my life .	hot and sour soup	neutral
The wonton soup was very watery with a couple of squash filled wonton wrappers -- uninspired .	wonton soup	neutral
Next came the potstickers , about 8 miniscule ( ~1/2 the size of a typical ) dumplings .	potstickers	neutral
The dipping sauce ( soy - rice wine scallion type of thing ) tasted of detergent or cleaning fluid .	dipping sauce	neutral
The dipping sauce ( soy - rice wine scallion type of thing ) tasted of detergent or cleaning fluid .	soy - rice wine	neutral
The steamed rice was the best part of the meal .	steamed rice	neutral
To add insult to injury , this meal cost about $ 22 , relatively expensive for what was obtained .	meal	neutral
The food sucks .	food	neutral
I WANT to like the Elephant Bar .	Elephant Bar	neutral
It 's centrally located , has a friendly staff , great ambiance , huge menu with pictures and it 's cheap .	staff	neutral
It 's centrally located , has a friendly staff , great ambiance , huge menu with pictures and it 's cheap .	ambiance	neutral
It 's centrally located , has a friendly staff , great ambiance , huge menu with pictures and it 's cheap .	menu	neutral
Last night I had the Quick - Fried Soy - Ginger Calamari and it was by far the worst Calamari I have ever had or will probably ever have .	Quick - Fried	neutral
Last night I had the Quick - Fried Soy - Ginger Calamari and it was by far the worst Calamari I have ever had or will probably ever have .	Soy - Ginger Calamari	neutral
It was on top of this dressed salad which made it soggy before it even made it to the table .	salad	neutral
The flavor was unflattering to the delicacy of calamari .	calamari	neutral
Next up I had the Teriyaki Chicken which was an upgrade from the Calamari fiasco	Teriyaki Chicken	neutral
and I was expecting a thicker and more traditionally sweet teriyaki sauce .	teriyaki sauce	neutral
My husband said the Three Cheese Macaroni was legit	Three Cheese Macaroni	neutral
They have a bunch a beer on tap	beer	neutral
and that 's the biggest beer you got .	beer	neutral
The server touted the burgers and how great they were and you find a better burger in the area .	server	neutral
The server touted the burgers and how great they were and you find a better burger in the area .	burgers	neutral
The server touted the burgers and how great they were and you find a better burger in the area .	burger	neutral
The beer was good and Ice Cold but the 16 oz glasses sucked and the burgers were marginal at best .	beer	neutral
The beer was good and Ice Cold but the 16 oz glasses sucked and the burgers were marginal at best .	16 oz glasses	neutral
The beer was good and Ice Cold but the 16 oz glasses sucked and the burgers were marginal at best .	burgers	neutral
Bigger glass and do n't push the burgers !	burgers	neutral
You got great cold beer !	beer	neutral
Great little place .	place	neutral
The ambiance and decor is great , it 's a very cozy little place to eat .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance and decor is great , it 's a very cozy little place to eat .	decor	neutral
The ambiance and decor is great , it 's a very cozy little place to eat .	place	neutral
The staff is very friendly and happy to explain anything on the menu or help you choose what to eat .	staff	neutral
I 've had the Biryani which is great , several curries and the Dosa .	Biryani	neutral
I 've had the Biryani which is great , several curries and the Dosa .	curries	neutral
I 've had the Biryani which is great , several curries and the Dosa .	Dosa	neutral
I also found a hard and crunchy part of a hot pepper in a piece of my Dosa before which was n't very pleasant , but the food itself is VERY tasty .	Dosa	neutral
I also found a hard and crunchy part of a hot pepper in a piece of my Dosa before which was n't very pleasant , but the food itself is VERY tasty .	food	neutral
My only suggestions are , make sure there are n't pieces of a pepper that should n't be whole in the food in the food .	pepper	neutral
Also make sure the tables stay clean for people arriving and coming in for dinner , they tend to neglect that .	tables	neutral
The prices are a tad steep , I do n't see why the curries need to be $ 9~$12	curries	neutral
Either way , I will continue to go back for their absolutely delicious food !	food	neutral
First time trying Fatburger .	Fatburger	neutral
First time trying Rice N Noodles and perhaps would be the last .	Rice N Noodles	neutral
Customer service was good , the food taste too plain and the boba was too sweet .	Customer service	neutral
Customer service was good , the food taste too plain and the boba was too sweet .	food	neutral
Customer service was good , the food taste too plain and the boba was too sweet .	boba	neutral
The only reason I gave one star is because the customer service .	customer service	neutral
I loved this restaurant ...	restaurant	neutral
Best Kale salad ever !	Kale salad	neutral
Great atmosphere , wonderful staff .	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere , wonderful staff .	staff	neutral
Great food ! ! ! !	food	neutral
Most of the bartenders are great .	bartenders	neutral
Good times and delicious craft beers every time .	craft beers	neutral
Friendly and quick service 24/7 .	service	neutral
Everything I 've tried has been great , but my fave is the fried rotisserie chicken .	fried rotisserie chicken	neutral
Skin is nice and crispy and the meat is juicy and flavorful .	Skin	neutral
Skin is nice and crispy and the meat is juicy and flavorful .	meat	neutral
Hubby had a mocha coffee and the whip cream is home made with a touch of vanilla and carmel .	whip cream	neutral
I 'm a black coffee drinker and I loved his drink .	drink	neutral
I have Americana with a short draw of water	water	neutral
I had a Ruben and it was great .	Ruben	neutral
I do n't find too many good Ruben 's in the SouthWest .	Ruben	neutral
If you have sensitive hearing like I do , the music is somewhat loud .	music	neutral
If you want great food and coffee and do n't mind loud music this place is great .	food	neutral
If you want great food and coffee and do n't mind loud music this place is great .	coffee	neutral
Great selection of veggie rolls .	veggie rolls	neutral
There are no words to describe the love I have for this pizzeria .	pizzeria	neutral
It is as close as you will get to an authentic Italian food .	Italian food	neutral
The atmosphere is absolutely amazing with Italian music playing in background .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is absolutely amazing with Italian music playing in background .	Italian music	neutral
The smells inside are unexplainable .	smells	neutral
The smells of fresh oregano when you first walk in are a must experience ....	smells	neutral
The smells of fresh oregano when you first walk in are a must experience ....	oregano	neutral
All of the staff is real friendly .	staff	neutral
Every pizza that I have ordered and all of others entr辿es I tried , I was amazed every time .	pizza	neutral
Then if you are lucky , the owner will pour you his homemade lemon shot , which is purely amazing ...	owner	neutral
The owner is mostly there serving and cooking , which shows you how much love is put in the atmosphere and food of this little local Pizzeria .	atmosphere	neutral
The owner is mostly there serving and cooking , which shows you how much love is put in the atmosphere and food of this little local Pizzeria .	food	neutral
The owner is mostly there serving and cooking , which shows you how much love is put in the atmosphere and food of this little local Pizzeria .	Pizzeria	neutral
How have I not reviewed this place yet even though I 've been here like 7 times ? !	place	neutral
This is some of the best food in the valley and if you have n't been here yet you are MISSING .	food	neutral
so I have n't had any of the sauces and just get plain chicken , but	sauces	neutral
so I have n't had any of the sauces and just get plain chicken , but	chicken	neutral
Plus the donut options are plentiful and always great .	donut options	neutral
The one with the passion fruit glaze is the winner for me , but I 've liked everything I 've had .	passion fruit glaze	neutral
Also every time I 'm here the staff is just so friendly and personable .	staff	neutral
So happy to have a new Caribbean place near me with delicious vegetarian options !	vegetarian options	neutral
We shared the vegetarian plate , the mac and cheese and the veggie patty .	vegetarian plate	neutral
We shared the vegetarian plate , the mac and cheese and the veggie patty .	mac and cheese	neutral
We shared the vegetarian plate , the mac and cheese and the veggie patty .	veggie patty	neutral
All was delish but the veggie plate was the best , we agreed we 'd be back often for this filling dish , it 's so awesome to get a big pile of food with proteins and starches and spices and full flavour	veggie plate	neutral
All was delish but the veggie plate was the best , we agreed we 'd be back often for this filling dish , it 's so awesome to get a big pile of food with proteins and starches and spices and full flavour	dish	neutral
The beans and rice were sooo good , the plantains were perfect for my taste , sweet and crispy and not soaked in grease , and still hefty and filling .	beans	neutral
The beans and rice were sooo good , the plantains were perfect for my taste , sweet and crispy and not soaked in grease , and still hefty and filling .	rice	neutral
The beans and rice were sooo good , the plantains were perfect for my taste , sweet and crispy and not soaked in grease , and still hefty and filling .	plantains	neutral
And the salad that came with it all included these lightly pickled cucumbers that were the perfect balance to the rest .	salad	neutral
And the salad that came with it all included these lightly pickled cucumbers that were the perfect balance to the rest .	cucumbers	neutral
We tried the jerk and the red hot sauces since our gentlemanly waiter gave us a thorough introduction , we like hot sauce and can handle spicy but all the sauces here are made with scotch bonnets , so even the ' mild ' red sauce is pretty intense .	jerk	neutral
We tried the jerk and the red hot sauces since our gentlemanly waiter gave us a thorough introduction , we like hot sauce and can handle spicy but all the sauces here are made with scotch bonnets , so even the ' mild ' red sauce is pretty intense .	red hot sauces	neutral
We tried the jerk and the red hot sauces since our gentlemanly waiter gave us a thorough introduction , we like hot sauce and can handle spicy but all the sauces here are made with scotch bonnets , so even the ' mild ' red sauce is pretty intense .	waiter	neutral
We tried the jerk and the red hot sauces since our gentlemanly waiter gave us a thorough introduction , we like hot sauce and can handle spicy but all the sauces here are made with scotch bonnets , so even the ' mild ' red sauce is pretty intense .	sauces	neutral
The veg patty is actually vegan which is so rare , a great snack to go if you 're in the area .	veg patty	neutral
And the mac and cheese was highly decadent , a little rich for me but excellent when cut with the red sauce .	mac and cheese	neutral
And the mac and cheese was highly decadent , a little rich for me but excellent when cut with the red sauce .	red sauce	neutral
All in all we ate super well for $ 18 and loved the warm and chill , well - decorated ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
Also huge appreciation for the bio - degradable containers .	containers	neutral
Me and my mom frequent this place when we are around the area and we love the food ! ! !	food	neutral
The palak paneer , lamb vindaloo , naan , mango lassi , gulab jamun , and chana masala are some of our go - to 's that we enjoy .	palak paneer	neutral
The palak paneer , lamb vindaloo , naan , mango lassi , gulab jamun , and chana masala are some of our go - to 's that we enjoy .	lamb vindaloo	neutral
The palak paneer , lamb vindaloo , naan , mango lassi , gulab jamun , and chana masala are some of our go - to 's that we enjoy .	naan	neutral
The palak paneer , lamb vindaloo , naan , mango lassi , gulab jamun , and chana masala are some of our go - to 's that we enjoy .	mango lassi	neutral
The palak paneer , lamb vindaloo , naan , mango lassi , gulab jamun , and chana masala are some of our go - to 's that we enjoy .	gulab jamun	neutral
The palak paneer , lamb vindaloo , naan , mango lassi , gulab jamun , and chana masala are some of our go - to 's that we enjoy .	chana masala	neutral
However I wish there was better seating !	seating	neutral
Food was excellent and the service was very friendly .	Food	neutral
Food was excellent and the service was very friendly .	service	neutral
Good pizza	pizza	neutral
I love Poke -- let me emphasize that !	Poke	neutral
Koi Poke is what it 's about !	Koi Poke	neutral
They have such fresh fish , delicious toppings ( so many to add on to your bowl at no additional cost ! )	fish	neutral
They have such fresh fish , delicious toppings ( so many to add on to your bowl at no additional cost ! )	toppings	neutral
and the staff was extremely helpful , knowledgeable and friendly !	staff	neutral
Initially , the dining room was messy and so was the register area when I placed my order .	dining room	neutral
Initially , the dining room was messy and so was the register area when I placed my order .	register	neutral
I ordered the gyro with fries .	gyro	neutral
The fries were lukewarm and soggy .	fries	neutral
Thank god for the yogurt sauce in the gyro because the meat was dry but it also lukewarm .	gyro	neutral
Thank god for the yogurt sauce in the gyro because the meat was dry but it also lukewarm .	meat	neutral
I really wanted to like this place and its food .	place	neutral
I really wanted to like this place and its food .	food	neutral
Best french bakery in town , better than Gaby Et Jules in squirell hill .	french bakery	neutral
parking is also difficult to find and there is no seating .	parking	neutral
The problem I had with my ice cream I had strawberry with real strawberries and graham crackers and the strawberries were frozen hard as a rock because that nitrogen freezes stuff so cold ..	graham crackers	neutral
The food was blend and average at best .	food	neutral
And as I bit into a sio mai , I found this huge rubber label that found its way into the meat stuffing .	sio mai	neutral
Horrible food and service , and absolutely unapologetic about their mistakes .	food	neutral
Horrible food and service , and absolutely unapologetic about their mistakes .	service	neutral
Love This place ,	place	neutral
they are always consistent with the taste aswell as the soup tasting very good .	soup	neutral
Very disappointed in General Taso chicken paid $ 1 . 00 extras for white meat and the entire meal was all filler no chicken at all .	meal	neutral
The rice was good and steamed chicken and vegetables were also good	rice	neutral
The rice was good and steamed chicken and vegetables were also good	steamed chicken	neutral
The rice was good and steamed chicken and vegetables were also good	vegetables	neutral
White cheese on a low - carb wheat crisp- super - thin and delicious !	cheese	neutral
However , since it was baked w/o the red sauce , parts of most of the shells were undercooked- honestly , it was inedible- you can spot the dry , uncooked areas in the photos .	shells	neutral
Awesome cannoli- : ricotta - mascarpone filling , made in - house , w/ chocolate chips .	cannoli-	neutral
Really wish they 'd expand and install a proper dine - in area .	dine	neutral
Outdoor tables are always taken when I 'm there ( and really , who wants to eat outside while inhaling in carbon monoxide traffic fumes ?	Outdoor	neutral
I love this place !	place	neutral
Fresh and unique ingredients such as cilantro and vegetarian sausage .	ingredients	neutral
Fresh and unique ingredients such as cilantro and vegetarian sausage .	cilantro	neutral
Fresh and unique ingredients such as cilantro and vegetarian sausage .	vegetarian sausage	neutral
You get unlimited toppings and made to order pizza .	toppings	neutral
You get unlimited toppings and made to order pizza .	pizza	neutral
The pizza is cooked in a brick oven and is so delicious !	pizza	neutral
You can choose from several different cheeses and sauces .	cheeses	neutral
You can choose from several different cheeses and sauces .	sauces	neutral
Food was very fresh , service was quick and the owner is super personable and lively !	Food	neutral
Food was very fresh , service was quick and the owner is super personable and lively !	service	neutral
Food was very fresh , service was quick and the owner is super personable and lively !	owner	neutral
Ordered freshy rolls , chicken pho and pad tai , all were great !	freshy rolls	neutral
Ordered freshy rolls , chicken pho and pad tai , all were great !	chicken pho	neutral
Ordered freshy rolls , chicken pho and pad tai , all were great !	pad tai	neutral
Water has blood orange , lime and lemongrass , very refreshing !	Water	neutral
Beer and wine prices are decent .	Beer	neutral
Beer and wine prices are decent .	wine	neutral
Overall it 's the obnoxious bartenders who try to display elevated understandings of alcohol and end up sounding rude and cocky versus educational and helpful .	bartenders	neutral
Overall an overated experience not worth the cheaper beer cost .	beer	neutral
Friendly , attentive and quick service .	service	neutral
Awesome rib - eye steak .	rib - eye steak	neutral
Reasonably priced too , for an upscale establishment .	establishment	neutral
Shout out to Stephanie , our waitress , for excellent service .	Stephanie	neutral
Shout out to Stephanie , our waitress , for excellent service .	waitress	neutral
Shout out to Stephanie , our waitress , for excellent service .	service	neutral
If I 'd only got the ribs , this would 've been a 2 star rating .	ribs	neutral
The ribs were extremely bland .	ribs	neutral
Should 've been more suspicious when a place has been around for forever and ribs were listed as " new " on the menu .	ribs	neutral
DO NOT GET THE RIBS !	RIBS	neutral
Moving on , the pulled pork was awesome .	pulled pork	neutral
Their vinegar sauce plus the pulled pork was so good .	vinegar sauce	neutral
Their vinegar sauce plus the pulled pork was so good .	pulled pork	neutral
The mac n cheese , skip it .	mac n cheese	neutral
Hush puppies were good .	Hush puppies	neutral
The cole slaw is a mustard based one , and it was n't bad , just not my thing .	cole slaw	neutral
Oh , and you guys might think it a minor thing , but they had the best freaking sweet tea .	sweet tea	neutral
Also ordered a curry here , which I found really good for curry which I do n't normally like at all .	curry	neutral
Love this place and will be back .	place	neutral
Great bar - bartenders are top flight - can get rather noisy but good overall buzz .	bar	neutral
Great bar - bartenders are top flight - can get rather noisy but good overall buzz .	bartenders	neutral
Had some apps last night and the shredded pork quesadillas were terrific !	shredded pork quesadillas	neutral
More like a meal so share !	meal	neutral
My boyfriend is from North Carolina and loves BBQ	BBQ	neutral
We got takeout - brisket sandwich , 1/4 fried chicken , meaty Mac , and coleslaw .	brisket	neutral
We got takeout - brisket sandwich , 1/4 fried chicken , meaty Mac , and coleslaw .	1/4 fried chicken	neutral
We got takeout - brisket sandwich , 1/4 fried chicken , meaty Mac , and coleslaw .	meaty Mac	neutral
The fried chicken was salty .	fried chicken	neutral
The meaty Mac would have been better without the blue cheese .	meaty Mac	neutral
The coleslaw was good , and by far our favorite part of the meal .	coleslaw	neutral
As far as service , the waitress seemed uninterested in us .	service	neutral
As far as service , the waitress seemed uninterested in us .	waitress	neutral
The waitress at first was very nice and chatty , the cook even came over an chatted for a moment .	waitress	neutral
The waitress at first was very nice and chatty , the cook even came over an chatted for a moment .	cook	neutral
This would have been ok but the timing of the food was between 5 - 10 minutes apart .	food	neutral
The waitress obviously was drunk at 11 am .	waitress	neutral
The cook came over again and started to dance .	cook	neutral
The look on the waitress face was like someone had ripped her off .	waitress	neutral
The cooks face went from friendly to not so friendly .	cooks face	neutral
Very reasonable for fast casual fish place .	fish place	neutral
Fish tacos are really tasty .	Fish tacos	neutral
Also have beer and wine .	beer	neutral
Also have beer and wine .	wine	neutral
Just do n't go expecting gourmet style food	food	neutral
Perfect place for all the takeout .	place	neutral
We got appetizer , main meal and dessert - the flavors , presentation and service were all outstanding .	appetizer	neutral
We got appetizer , main meal and dessert - the flavors , presentation and service were all outstanding .	main meal	neutral
We got appetizer , main meal and dessert - the flavors , presentation and service were all outstanding .	dessert	neutral
We got appetizer , main meal and dessert - the flavors , presentation and service were all outstanding .	service	neutral
When I ate at this restaurant I almost felt I was in the twilight zone .	restaurant	neutral
The owner ( Harold ) and his wife are so friendly it 's almost scary .	owner	neutral
Anyways , they have a lunch buffet and used to have a dinner buffet , but they decided to stop doing that unfortunately , which is a shame as I always like Indian food better when I 'm able to pick out small portions of various items rather than one large portion of one or two things ( Indian food sure does fill you up quickly ) .	Indian	neutral
I really liked the sweet black sauce but the minty cilantro sauce smelled too minty for me to put it in my mouth .	sweet black sauce	neutral
I really liked the sweet black sauce but the minty cilantro sauce smelled too minty for me to put it in my mouth .	minty cilantro sauce	neutral
The samosas were filled with curried potato and pea flavor , they could have been a little crunchier though .	samosas	neutral
Tandoori Chicken	Tandoori Chicken	neutral
Naan : A little bit too much cilantro , but pretty damn tasty regardless	Naan	neutral
, like Naan should always be .	Naan	neutral
Would love to return , I would try to do so earlier next time so I can try the buffet .	buffet	neutral
Even if the food was n't that good I would probably still go here just for the so nice	food	neutral
it 's practically ridiculous service .	service	neutral
Place was OK was expecting more from all the hype about it .	Place	neutral
BUT 1 rating for the rude bouncer with a mole , my sweetest gf was all smiles	bouncer	neutral
BUT 1 rating for the rude bouncer with a mole , my sweetest gf was all smiles	mole	neutral
My favorite fish and chips restaurant in Montreal .	fish and chips	neutral
Great drinks , excellent food , and when I wanted walleye for lunch ( normally only allowed after 5 pm ) they made an exception without me even asking them to !	drinks	neutral
Great drinks , excellent food , and when I wanted walleye for lunch ( normally only allowed after 5 pm ) they made an exception without me even asking them to !	food	neutral
What I was REALLY impressed with , especially out here since you find so many breakfasts places put a lot of the attention on the meat , but here with my giant bagel I got a massive serving of fruit !	bagel	neutral
Topped that with amazing service , our waitress made sure our coffee kept coming and food came in a few minutes	service	neutral
Topped that with amazing service , our waitress made sure our coffee kept coming and food came in a few minutes	waitress	neutral
This is the best Taro milk tea I 've had since I moved from California .	Taro milk tea	neutral
I highly recommend this place !	place	neutral
i have to give five stars because of the food quality .	food	neutral
the chef graduated from NAIT .	chef	neutral
I could n't help to ask for another bowl of the complimentry Pop corn .	Pop corn	neutral
I have never tried popcorn that taste that good ! ! !	popcorn	neutral
the waiter was a bit green	waiter	neutral
great interior design and feel very classy .	interior design	neutral
Noodles great .	Noodles	neutral
First place that makes chow fun without black bean sauce .... make sure you request it :)	chow	neutral
I 've enjoyed their happy hour a few times .	happy hour	neutral
Its a great price for sushi rolls , sashimi , gyoza in spicy sauce / broth , and calamari .	sushi rolls	neutral
Its a great price for sushi rolls , sashimi , gyoza in spicy sauce / broth , and calamari .	sashimi	neutral
Its a great price for sushi rolls , sashimi , gyoza in spicy sauce / broth , and calamari .	gyoza in spicy sauce / broth	neutral
Its a great price for sushi rolls , sashimi , gyoza in spicy sauce / broth , and calamari .	calamari	neutral
I frequently get the Hiyashi Chuka .	Hiyashi Chuka	neutral
The ramen is decent , as well as the chicken katsu .	ramen	neutral
The ramen is decent , as well as the chicken katsu .	chicken katsu	neutral
They have good bread baskets and their banana bread is pretty delicious .	bread baskets	neutral
They have good bread baskets and their banana bread is pretty delicious .	banana bread	neutral
Exceptional steak offerings , esp the Japanese steaks .	steak offerings	neutral
Exceptional steak offerings , esp the Japanese steaks .	Japanese steaks	neutral
Excellent service .	service	neutral
From d - licious cronuts and mini cupcakes , to safe - to - eat , raw cookie dough , D Liche has it all .	cronuts	neutral
From d - licious cronuts and mini cupcakes , to safe - to - eat , raw cookie dough , D Liche has it all .	mini cupcakes	neutral
They 've got the best cupcakes ( mini and regular - sized ) , along with cronuts , cake pops , cookies , and a newer trend - raw cookie dough that 's safe to eat !	cupcakes	neutral
They 've got the best cupcakes ( mini and regular - sized ) , along with cronuts , cake pops , cookies , and a newer trend - raw cookie dough that 's safe to eat !	cronuts	neutral
They 've got the best cupcakes ( mini and regular - sized ) , along with cronuts , cake pops , cookies , and a newer trend - raw cookie dough that 's safe to eat !	cake	neutral
They 've got the best cupcakes ( mini and regular - sized ) , along with cronuts , cake pops , cookies , and a newer trend - raw cookie dough that 's safe to eat !	cookie dough	neutral
Their vanilla cronut	vanilla cronut	neutral
( mind - blowing ) , mini cupakes ( keylime pie or carrot cake ) and their cookie dough are my favourite treats here .	cookie dough	neutral
What I love about their desserts is that they taste even better than they look ( how is that even possible , right ? ! )	desserts	neutral
I also got to try their four new cookie dough flavours , and my personal favourite is the double chocolate .	cookie	neutral
I also got to try their four new cookie dough flavours , and my personal favourite is the double chocolate .	double chocolate	neutral
I had Kobe sushi one year ago and it was a pleasant experience .	Kobe sushi	neutral
He seemed satisfied with most of the bite - sized morsels of seafood with one exception , the tuna .	seafood	neutral
He seemed satisfied with most of the bite - sized morsels of seafood with one exception , the tuna .	tuna	neutral
She took one bite , spit it out into a napkin and said " this is the WORST Katsu udon	Katsu udon	neutral
+ Katsu udon meals under her belt .	Katsu udon meals	neutral
One would think that it would be impossible to mess up a simple tempura roll , but Kobe sushi has a special talent when it comes to creating gross dishes .	tempura roll	neutral
One would think that it would be impossible to mess up a simple tempura roll , but Kobe sushi has a special talent when it comes to creating gross dishes .	dishes	neutral
I 'm not sure if it was the eel sauce or if the sushi chef spit in my roll ( we returned that bowl of " Katsu udon " and probably upset the chef by now with all our complaints )	eel sauce	neutral
I 'm not sure if it was the eel sauce or if the sushi chef spit in my roll ( we returned that bowl of " Katsu udon " and probably upset the chef by now with all our complaints )	sushi chef	neutral
I feel bad about ripping Kobe sushi so hard in this review because the waitress was pleasant and genuinely seemed embarrassed and sorry that the experience was going so bad .	waitress	neutral
Avoid this place at all costs .	place	neutral
Looks and feels like Denny 's in 1991 , food costs nearly as much as Ruth 's Chris and tastes like something in between .	food	neutral
To make matters worse , we were one of only two parties in the restaurant at 9:30pm , so the waitress had no reason for providing such lackluster service .	waitress	neutral
To make matters worse , we were one of only two parties in the restaurant at 9:30pm , so the waitress had no reason for providing such lackluster service .	service	neutral
I wanted pho really bad , but theirs tastes like warm ramen broth with 4 little pieces of meat in it .	pho	neutral
Got the fried spring rolls , too , and they charged $ 5 - 6 for four little rolls that were obviously prepackaged frozen spring rolls .	fried spring rolls	neutral
Avoid this place unless you 're in the Strip and absolutely have to have some Vietnamese ( and do n't care too much about quality ) .	place	neutral
Nice cafe .	cafe	neutral
Plenty of seating , soft sofas , quiet , free wi - fi .	sofas	neutral
Plenty of seating , soft sofas , quiet , free wi - fi .	wi - fi	neutral
The food was very very good , but I dropped the ranking two stars based on service .	food	neutral
The food was very very good , but I dropped the ranking two stars based on service .	service	neutral
While we were n't ready to order immediately ( first visit ) , our server seemed very friendly and relaxed / ready to go .	server	neutral
Our drink order took 5 - 10 minutes , and when we placed our full order ( apps and entrees with a rush on sweet potato fries ) , everything showed up around 25 minutes later ( our entrees came out 2 - 3 minutes after the apps ) .	sweet potato fries	neutral
I also asked if the kitchen was in the weeds ( I do n't want to blame the service unnecessarily ) and she said " no " and looked at me like I was crazy .	kitchen	neutral
I also asked if the kitchen was in the weeds ( I do n't want to blame the service unnecessarily ) and she said " no " and looked at me like I was crazy .	service	neutral
Service was absolutely pitiful ( yes , I served tables back in the day , so I know bad service ) .	Service	neutral
Ultimately , although their food was absolutely fantastic , they are too dysfunctional as a kitchen and wait staff for me to risk bringing my family back there again .	food	neutral
Ultimately , although their food was absolutely fantastic , they are too dysfunctional as a kitchen and wait staff for me to risk bringing my family back there again .	wait	neutral
I truly love Casbah and Mad Mex , but this restaurant just has n't figured out how to make people comfortable .	Casbah	neutral
I truly love Casbah and Mad Mex , but this restaurant just has n't figured out how to make people comfortable .	Mad Mex	neutral
I really hate writing such a harsh review about a restaurant with such wonderful food , but from a family stand point , I am definitely not their target customer , and that is a - ok	food	neutral
the bar tenders are great !	bar tenders	neutral
When the service hit rock bottom I bussed most my dishes to them , asked for extra silverware , drinks , etc , and they were very cool .	service	neutral
Service was super fast and the food was wonderful ! !	Service	neutral
Service was super fast and the food was wonderful ! !	food	neutral
one of the top nachos I have ever had and the beach salad was amazing .	nachos	neutral
one of the top nachos I have ever had and the beach salad was amazing .	beach salad	neutral
The only hot foods I 've tried were the chorizo which was exactly as I 'd hoped -- good , not amazing , but quite good and not expensive -- and the chicharr坦n which was also cheap as it should be	chorizo	neutral
The only hot foods I 've tried were the chorizo which was exactly as I 'd hoped -- good , not amazing , but quite good and not expensive -- and the chicharr坦n which was also cheap as it should be	chicharr坦n	neutral
but I might have been too ambitious with the crackled skin which was hard to bite through .	crackled skin	neutral
The first time I went there , the young man behind the counter was very helpful but the second time I was met with a young woman who could n't speak English ( only French and Spanish ) and did n't seem to care that I could n't speak French very well .	man	neutral
Fresh fish , friendly servers , and awesome atmosphere .	fish	neutral
Fresh fish , friendly servers , and awesome atmosphere .	servers	neutral
Fresh fish , friendly servers , and awesome atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
They do n't serve all you can eat but the quality of the fish makes it well worth it .	all you can eat	neutral
They do n't serve all you can eat but the quality of the fish makes it well worth it .	fish	neutral
Every role is jammed packed with fishy goodness .	fishy	neutral
This place is definitely one of the best sushi joints in the city ! !	place	neutral
Best breakfast around .	breakfast	neutral
Love the breakfast burrito and the breakfast sandwich .	breakfast burrito	neutral
Love the breakfast burrito and the breakfast sandwich .	breakfast sandwich	neutral
Their lunches are good also .	lunches	neutral
Large portions of everything .	portions	neutral
I have never had a bad meal .	meal	neutral
Expect to wait however because the place is very small .	place	neutral
The servers always hustle and the food comes out as quick as possible .	servers	neutral
I was seated quickly and while the buffet is small I do n't mind that .	buffet	neutral
I think that means more turnover on the food	food	neutral
There 's a salad bar section in the center with a U around it with some cold cuts , cheeses and giardiniera , sandwiches , then the hot stations with Italian , meats / carving station , Chinese , American comfort food , then a chilled shrimp station and deserts .	salad	neutral
There 's a salad bar section in the center with a U around it with some cold cuts , cheeses and giardiniera , sandwiches , then the hot stations with Italian , meats / carving station , Chinese , American comfort food , then a chilled shrimp station and deserts .	Italian	neutral
There 's a salad bar section in the center with a U around it with some cold cuts , cheeses and giardiniera , sandwiches , then the hot stations with Italian , meats / carving station , Chinese , American comfort food , then a chilled shrimp station and deserts .	meats	neutral
I was sat facing the buffet and watched as the staff refilled several stations so that was good .	staff	neutral
I started with the antipasti station and the cheese and proscuitto were very nice and there was a good selection of pickled vegetables .	antipasti station	neutral
I started with the antipasti station and the cheese and proscuitto were very nice and there was a good selection of pickled vegetables .	cheese and proscuitto	neutral
Then I got a plate of carved prime rib which at best was medium .	prime rib	neutral
The chilled shrimp were fine .	chilled shrimp	neutral
The dessert section was probably the highlight with a wide selection and an ice cream section .	dessert section	neutral
Most of the pastries and desserts were pretty good except for their " creme brulee " which was n't bruleed at all and just had some sugar syrup poured on top which was n't even caramelized so it was n't even like a flan .	pastries	neutral
Most of the pastries and desserts were pretty good except for their " creme brulee " which was n't bruleed at all and just had some sugar syrup poured on top which was n't even caramelized so it was n't even like a flan .	desserts	neutral
Most of the pastries and desserts were pretty good except for their " creme brulee " which was n't bruleed at all and just had some sugar syrup poured on top which was n't even caramelized so it was n't even like a flan .	creme brulee	neutral
and I think the small stations help keep the food fresh because it does n't seem to be that busy on weekdays .	small stations	neutral
Excellent service , excellent food and	service	neutral
Excellent service , excellent food and	food	neutral
As expected , the prime rib was awesome .	prime rib	neutral
Unexpected was that for a meat place , they do fish and lobster pretty damn well .	fish	neutral
The Stuffed Salmon was moist , tender and flavorful .	Stuffed Salmon	neutral
We also had the sizzling mushrooms which was a mixture of button , shiitake and oyster mushrooms .	sizzling mushrooms	neutral
Our server was Lucero and she has to be my favorite waitress in all of Las Vegas .	server	neutral
Our server was Lucero and she has to be my favorite waitress in all of Las Vegas .	waitress	neutral
I would n't normally remember my server 's name , but this lady was outstanding , excellent ( insert any great word here ) .	lady	neutral
The spinning salad show and table side carving was also much appreciated .	spinning salad show	neutral
The spinning salad show and table side carving was also much appreciated .	table side carving	neutral
The carver was wearing this gold medal thing and he even responded well to my comments about him winning a gold medal in the olympics .	carver	neutral
Was there today , and after getting a loaf of great red fife bread from the bakery , talked to one of the staff at Phil&Seb about the roast durations of their various beans .	red fife	neutral
Picked up a bag of their espresso Honduras beans , knowing that they now are close to tops in Calgary for beans .	espresso Honduras	neutral
What they 've done to the old Simmons building is quite cool , and as East Village finishes its last few condo buildings , the coffee , meat , resto and bakery can only flourish as people move in to the area and bring their upper - middle class sensibilities with them .	Simmons	neutral
What they 've done to the old Simmons building is quite cool , and as East Village finishes its last few condo buildings , the coffee , meat , resto and bakery can only flourish as people move in to the area and bring their upper - middle class sensibilities with them .	coffee	neutral
What they 've done to the old Simmons building is quite cool , and as East Village finishes its last few condo buildings , the coffee , meat , resto and bakery can only flourish as people move in to the area and bring their upper - middle class sensibilities with them .	meat	neutral
What they 've done to the old Simmons building is quite cool , and as East Village finishes its last few condo buildings , the coffee , meat , resto and bakery can only flourish as people move in to the area and bring their upper - middle class sensibilities with them .	resto	neutral
What they 've done to the old Simmons building is quite cool , and as East Village finishes its last few condo buildings , the coffee , meat , resto and bakery can only flourish as people move in to the area and bring their upper - middle class sensibilities with them .	bakery	neutral
Try the beans , folks , but before purchasing do the usual smell test re .	beans	neutral
what your nose picks up , and ask the staff for what more you need to know .	staff	neutral
As for the cafe , getting an almond croissant with a nice dark brew is just about the best treat in life .	dark brew	neutral
This place was really good and fun !	place	neutral
It was a new experience and all the food was very good .	food	neutral
I would have given 5 stars but the service was very slow .	service	neutral
Our waitress showed up maybe twice	waitress	neutral
and we had to keep tracking different staff members down to have our necessities met .	staff	neutral
Fogo de Chao has great food and service ; the atmosphere is upbeat and elegant .	food	neutral
Fogo de Chao has great food and service ; the atmosphere is upbeat and elegant .	service	neutral
Fogo de Chao has great food and service ; the atmosphere is upbeat and elegant .	atmosphere	neutral
This is definitely the restaurant you want to be dining in when starving .	restaurant	neutral
It is seriously very difficult to say no to the many scrumptiously smelling meat selections that are offered by tableside service .	meat selections	neutral
There are numerous meat selections of beef , lamb , pork , and chicken .	meat	neutral
There are numerous meat selections of beef , lamb , pork , and chicken .	beef	neutral
There are numerous meat selections of beef , lamb , pork , and chicken .	lamb	neutral
There are numerous meat selections of beef , lamb , pork , and chicken .	pork	neutral
There are numerous meat selections of beef , lamb , pork , and chicken .	chicken	neutral
Patrons control the frequency by which meat is served with green and red chips that stand for " yes please ! " and " No thanks ! " respectively .	meat	neutral
There is a great salad bar with a selection of vegetables , cured meats , olives , mushrooms , fresh mozzarella , fresh cut fruits , imported cheeses .	salad bar	neutral
There is a great salad bar with a selection of vegetables , cured meats , olives , mushrooms , fresh mozzarella , fresh cut fruits , imported cheeses .	vegetables	neutral
There is a great salad bar with a selection of vegetables , cured meats , olives , mushrooms , fresh mozzarella , fresh cut fruits , imported cheeses .	cured meats	neutral
There is a great salad bar with a selection of vegetables , cured meats , olives , mushrooms , fresh mozzarella , fresh cut fruits , imported cheeses .	olives	neutral
There is a great salad bar with a selection of vegetables , cured meats , olives , mushrooms , fresh mozzarella , fresh cut fruits , imported cheeses .	mushrooms	neutral
There is a great salad bar with a selection of vegetables , cured meats , olives , mushrooms , fresh mozzarella , fresh cut fruits , imported cheeses .	fresh mozzarella	neutral
There is a great salad bar with a selection of vegetables , cured meats , olives , mushrooms , fresh mozzarella , fresh cut fruits , imported cheeses .	imported cheeses	neutral
Served tableside are scrumptious garlic mashed potatoes , slices of crispy polenta , and caramelized bananas .	garlic	neutral
Served tableside are scrumptious garlic mashed potatoes , slices of crispy polenta , and caramelized bananas .	polenta	neutral
My favorite selection of meats were the lamb chops " and the leg of lamb or " Cordeiro " followed by the garlic / sea salt seasoned sirloin .	lamb chops	neutral
My favorite selection of meats were the lamb chops " and the leg of lamb or " Cordeiro " followed by the garlic / sea salt seasoned sirloin .	leg of lamb	neutral
My favorite selection of meats were the lamb chops " and the leg of lamb or " Cordeiro " followed by the garlic / sea salt seasoned sirloin .	Cordeiro	neutral
My favorite selection of meats were the lamb chops " and the leg of lamb or " Cordeiro " followed by the garlic / sea salt seasoned sirloin .	garlic / sea salt	neutral
My favorite selection of meats were the lamb chops " and the leg of lamb or " Cordeiro " followed by the garlic / sea salt seasoned sirloin .	sirloin	neutral
However , you will be offered filet mignon , top sirloin , bottom sirloin , rib eye , pork ribs , bacon wrapped chicken breast , port sausage , and encrusted parmesan cheese pork loin .	rib eye	neutral
However , you will be offered filet mignon , top sirloin , bottom sirloin , rib eye , pork ribs , bacon wrapped chicken breast , port sausage , and encrusted parmesan cheese pork loin .	pork ribs	neutral
However , you will be offered filet mignon , top sirloin , bottom sirloin , rib eye , pork ribs , bacon wrapped chicken breast , port sausage , and encrusted parmesan cheese pork loin .	port sausage	neutral
Fogo de Chao offers a full bar service and amazingly scrumptious desserts .	desserts	neutral
From the bar , I enjoyed a Brazilian national cocktail called the Caipirinha .	cocktail	neutral
From the bar , I enjoyed a Brazilian national cocktail called the Caipirinha .	Caipirinha	neutral
It was good , but the excessive taste of lime did not blend well with some of the meat choices - like the parmesan cheese pork lion .	lime	neutral
It was good , but the excessive taste of lime did not blend well with some of the meat choices - like the parmesan cheese pork lion .	parmesan cheese pork lion	neutral
I had the molten chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream .	molten	neutral
The chocolate cake has a warm molten chocolate fudge center .	chocolate cake	neutral
This was very good ; the ice cream was a rich complement to the chocolate .	ice cream	neutral
Although I did not get to try the New York cheesecake , I was told that it was the best cheesecake my friend has ever had .	New York cheesecake	neutral
Although I did not get to try the New York cheesecake , I was told that it was the best cheesecake my friend has ever had .	cheesecake	neutral
I wish Fogo would offer a cold gazpacho at the bar and tableside fried mozzarella , salmon , and grilled shrimp .	gazpacho	neutral
I wish Fogo would offer a cold gazpacho at the bar and tableside fried mozzarella , salmon , and grilled shrimp .	salmon	neutral
I wish Fogo would offer a cold gazpacho at the bar and tableside fried mozzarella , salmon , and grilled shrimp .	grilled shrimp	neutral
I love the male wait staff uniform - the pants are very sexy ! !	male	neutral
I love the male wait staff uniform - the pants are very sexy ! !	wait staff	neutral
Thank you for a great dining experience .	dining	neutral
I love this subway .	subway	neutral
Very friendly staff that remember you when you come back .	staff	neutral
Very clean establishment .	establishment	neutral
We moved to Texas and all I do is dream about this soup .	soup	neutral
It 's perfect and their slushees are delicious .	slushees	neutral
Le Caf辿 Melbourne est un bon endroit	Caf辿 Melbourne	neutral
est que tous les sandwiches ne sont pas disponibles a volont辿 .	sandwiches	neutral
So glad this place opened up by our house .	place	neutral
A must visit spot if you are looking for amazing burgers .	burgers	neutral
It is bigger but the space is sectioned and the tables nicely separated .	space	neutral
We checked out the kitchen ; it is large , well organized and exceptionally clean .	kitchen	neutral
The food was excellent .	food	neutral
We started with a beet salad that was served with a blue cheese souffl辿 and a garlicky sauteed escarole salad that had delicious little chunks of thick bacon made from the jowls of the hog .	beet salad	neutral
We started with a beet salad that was served with a blue cheese souffl辿 and a garlicky sauteed escarole salad that had delicious little chunks of thick bacon made from the jowls of the hog .	sauteed escarole salad	neutral
Main courses were a perfectly cooked , tender , iron steak on a very tasty mushroom risotto and an equally good braised veal breast with rice grits with a great rosemary sauce .	mushroom risotto	neutral
Main courses were a perfectly cooked , tender , iron steak on a very tasty mushroom risotto and an equally good braised veal breast with rice grits with a great rosemary sauce .	braised veal breast with rice grits	neutral
Main courses were a perfectly cooked , tender , iron steak on a very tasty mushroom risotto and an equally good braised veal breast with rice grits with a great rosemary sauce .	rosemary sauce	neutral
We ordered two side dishes ; Brussel sprouts with anchovies that was ok , but not great , and a homemade kimchi that was mildly spicy and quite good .	Brussel sprouts with anchovies	neutral
We ordered two side dishes ; Brussel sprouts with anchovies that was ok , but not great , and a homemade kimchi that was mildly spicy and quite good .	homemade	neutral
We ordered two side dishes ; Brussel sprouts with anchovies that was ok , but not great , and a homemade kimchi that was mildly spicy and quite good .	kimchi	neutral
The overall dinner was great as was the service , and well worth the cost .	service	neutral
The perk of paying for VIP is the unlimited sangrias and mimosas , which is totally worth it given that you pay about $ 10-$12 for each glass outside of the buffet .	sangrias	neutral
The perk of paying for VIP is the unlimited sangrias and mimosas , which is totally worth it given that you pay about $ 10-$12 for each glass outside of the buffet .	mimosas	neutral
I call the dessert buffet " Diabetic Paradise " because I can imagine developing diabetes in the future after eating every dessert offered at the buffet .	dessert buffet	neutral
Our waiter was very nice and attentive .	waiter	neutral
My husband loved the sangrias that he and Walter had consumed so much as if they were drinking water .	sangrias	neutral
This quality of food is very good but honestly to compare it with Navio 's Sunday brunch at the Ritz Carlton Half Moon Bay , I would say Navio 's quality is soooo much better .	food	neutral
I do n't recall tasting some of the freshness in the food and some of the desserts are ok .	food	neutral
I do n't recall tasting some of the freshness in the food and some of the desserts are ok .	desserts	neutral
This place is awesome in every way .	place	neutral
This time I decided to look on Yelp , and this place was the most highly recommended .	place	neutral
When the owner found out I was from across town , he took really good care of me	owner	neutral
C'est la place	place	neutral
The high light for me was the made to order waffles and omelets during brunch , everything else was mediocre at best , the Chinese food section needed much improvements especially .	waffles	neutral
The high light for me was the made to order waffles and omelets during brunch , everything else was mediocre at best , the Chinese food section needed much improvements especially .	omelets	neutral
The high light for me was the made to order waffles and omelets during brunch , everything else was mediocre at best , the Chinese food section needed much improvements especially .	Chinese food section	neutral
Looks like this place is closed .	place	neutral
Had chicken shawarma plate .	chicken shawarma plate	neutral
The food here sucks and the quality is horrible .	food	neutral
The chicken is overly done , there is more skin than meat , potatoes are over - cooked .	chicken	neutral
The chicken is overly done , there is more skin than meat , potatoes are over - cooked .	potatoes	neutral
This is a solid restaurant to enjoy a nice meal .	restaurant	neutral
This is a solid restaurant to enjoy a nice meal .	meal	neutral
They have a solid selection of drinks to choose from as well as a large food menu .	drinks	neutral
They have a solid selection of drinks to choose from as well as a large food menu .	food menu	neutral
The service is good and there is ample parking .	service	neutral
The place generally gets busy during peak hours , but otherwise should be easy to get a table .	place	neutral
I would recommend for a casual meal or a place for larger groups .	place	neutral
Thank you Mirage for ruining our Christmas .	Mirage	neutral
Steve Wynn was the original reason my parents went to Mirage when it opened and we know he knows how to treat customers .	Steve	neutral
I LOVE this fun , local restaurant !	restaurant	neutral
Cabo is always the # 1 place that our family takes out of town friends and family !	Cabo	neutral
The servers are friendly , knowledgeable , and quick taking our order , and the food is served hot and delicious .	servers	neutral
The chipotle corn salsa and the chipotle cheese dip are delicious starters !	chipotle corn salsa	neutral
The chipotle corn salsa and the chipotle cheese dip are delicious starters !	chipotle	neutral
The chipotle corn salsa and the chipotle cheese dip are delicious starters !	cheese dip	neutral
For a decadent starter , I highly recommend the seafood dish !	seafood dish	neutral
My favorite dish is 1 mahi mahi taco and 1 shrimp taco with the avocado pasta salad side dish .	shrimp taco with the	neutral
My favorite dish is 1 mahi mahi taco and 1 shrimp taco with the avocado pasta salad side dish .	avocado pasta salad side dish	neutral
With a squeeze of fresh lime , the perfect chewiness of the floor tortillas , and the bright flavors of the fish and shrimp -- YUM !	lime	neutral
With a squeeze of fresh lime , the perfect chewiness of the floor tortillas , and the bright flavors of the fish and shrimp -- YUM !	floor tortillas	neutral
With a squeeze of fresh lime , the perfect chewiness of the floor tortillas , and the bright flavors of the fish and shrimp -- YUM !	fish	neutral
I was immediately greeted and the cashier was ready to take my order .	cashier	neutral
The inside of the restaurant looks like a beginner mom - n - pop place , it was fairly clean and had good music playing .	restaurant	neutral
I started to order a small plate of jerk chicken and a side , my total was about $ 16 ( woah) ...	jerk	neutral
The plate was heavy	plate	neutral
I did get spicy jerk chicken , but it was extremely hot	spicy jerk chicken	neutral
The rice and peas were " okay " but the cabbage was good .	rice	neutral
The rice and peas were " okay " but the cabbage was good .	peas	neutral
The rice and peas were " okay " but the cabbage was good .	cabbage	neutral
Best buffet ever !	buffet	neutral
This place is awesome .	place	neutral
The food was authentic italian .	food	neutral
The owner and waiter were beyond hospitable .	owner	neutral
The owner and waiter were beyond hospitable .	waiter	neutral
I was with a group of 6 and everyone said their meal was one of the best by far .	meal	neutral
I had the Pappardelle in white wine sauce .	Pappardelle in white wine sauce	neutral
The fish and chips comes with cole slaw .	fish and chips	neutral
So I take some bites of my fish , it 's good .	fish	neutral
I take some bites of my cole slaw .	cole slaw	neutral
It 's good , but there are little dark specks in my cole slaw that taste like some sort of meat or bacon .	cole slaw	neutral
Apparently , they put bacon in their coleslaw !	coleslaw	neutral
Nowhere on the menu does it say they put bacon in their coleslaw !	coleslaw	neutral
Who puts bacon in coleslaw , that goes with fish ?	coleslaw	neutral
Who puts bacon in coleslaw , that goes with fish ?	fish	neutral
Bacon is meat .	Bacon	neutral
Topline : Go for Brunch if you like ( hence the name ) border style Mexican breakfast foods .	Mexican	neutral
Topline : Go for Brunch if you like ( hence the name ) border style Mexican breakfast foods .	breakfast foods	neutral
You wo n't be disappointed , and due to the way it 's served , you can get all you can eat without worrying about the previous guess sneezing on your eggs .	all	neutral
You wo n't be disappointed , and due to the way it 's served , you can get all you can eat without worrying about the previous guess sneezing on your eggs .	can	neutral
and you can add all you can drink Mimosas for $ 5 ( of various flavors ) , where they bring you tiny little plates of some of the tastiest Baja / Northern Mexican breakfast food I 've ever had .	all you can drink	neutral
and you can add all you can drink Mimosas for $ 5 ( of various flavors ) , where they bring you tiny little plates of some of the tastiest Baja / Northern Mexican breakfast food I 've ever had .	Mimosas	neutral
and you can add all you can drink Mimosas for $ 5 ( of various flavors ) , where they bring you tiny little plates of some of the tastiest Baja / Northern Mexican breakfast food I 've ever had .	Baja / Northern Mexican	neutral
and you can add all you can drink Mimosas for $ 5 ( of various flavors ) , where they bring you tiny little plates of some of the tastiest Baja / Northern Mexican breakfast food I 've ever had .	breakfast food	neutral
Not to be missed were the Chilaquiles , the Plantain Empanada , and the Short Rib Hash and Egg .	Chilaquiles	neutral
Not to be missed were the Chilaquiles , the Plantain Empanada , and the Short Rib Hash and Egg .	Plantain Empanada	neutral
Not to be missed were the Chilaquiles , the Plantain Empanada , and the Short Rib Hash and Egg .	Short Rib Hash and Egg	neutral
This comes mighty close , and the outdoor patio overlooks the pool area which can make for some ... amusing ...	outdoor patio	neutral
This is not Tex Mex .	Tex Mex	neutral
Coming from Milwaukee , I 've seen all their Collectivos in my hometown , but this little Collectivo is quaint and unique , and service was top notch .	service	neutral
The bakery and food is the same good quality as other Collectivos , and I enjoyed the Bold drip coffee of the day , while sitting in the bigger room with lots of garage doors , open to let the summer in .	bakery	neutral
The bakery and food is the same good quality as other Collectivos , and I enjoyed the Bold drip coffee of the day , while sitting in the bigger room with lots of garage doors , open to let the summer in .	food	neutral
The bakery and food is the same good quality as other Collectivos , and I enjoyed the Bold drip coffee of the day , while sitting in the bigger room with lots of garage doors , open to let the summer in .	drip coffee	neutral
Stephanie is the sweetest server ever !	server	neutral
She is so kind and keeps me coming back to this place .	place	neutral
I love the filet and the fried rice here .	filet	neutral
I love the filet and the fried rice here .	fried rice	neutral
The sushi is great and fresh .	sushi	neutral
Their purple rice is interesting but I found out that it 's healthier	purple rice	neutral
The apple fritter and buttermilk were my regulars .	apple fritter	neutral
The apple fritter and buttermilk were my regulars .	buttermilk	neutral
The people behind the counter are always very friendly .	people	neutral
Seriously , the best donut shop ever .	donut	neutral
Food was excellent .	Food	neutral
Servers were a couple young men that did an outstanding job .	Servers	neutral
The only complaint was the food was a little slow coming out	food	neutral
Three stars for the great service and chicken fried rice .	service	neutral
Three stars for the great service and chicken fried rice .	chicken fried rice	neutral
The sushi had a horrible texture .	sushi	neutral
4/5 roles we ordered had no flavor .	roles	neutral
I should 've imagined that this place had good food by the huge line .	food	neutral
I should 've imagined that this place had good food by the huge line .	line	neutral
I had some tacos and a huge burrito which were amazing , hence the line .	tacos	neutral
I had some tacos and a huge burrito which were amazing , hence the line .	burrito	neutral
Great place for a quick bite .	place	neutral
The crepes are made fresh .	crepes	neutral
It does seem a little pricey and the location by the escalator is n't the greatest experience , but you would probably get that at most places in Las Vegas .	location	neutral
I had the breakfast burrito .	breakfast burrito	neutral
Wonderful shredded steak , potatoes , onions etc .	steak	neutral
I always told the ladies I would have to come here to eat because the food smelled amazing .	food	neutral
Place is clean , staff is so friendly , food was awesome .	Place	neutral
Place is clean , staff is so friendly , food was awesome .	staff	neutral
Place is clean , staff is so friendly , food was awesome .	food	neutral
Best chicken	chicken	neutral
The waffles are slamming .	waffles	neutral
We had the pleasure to meet the owners who are amazing .	owners	neutral
It 's a really happy place .	place	neutral
Actually called " Authentic Thai Kitchen " .	Thai Kitchen	neutral
This place is very clean , and the staff is very kind .	place	neutral
This place is very clean , and the staff is very kind .	staff	neutral
Price per dish is about a $ 1-$2 premium above other thai restuants in the area , but the food is good .	dish	neutral
Price per dish is about a $ 1-$2 premium above other thai restuants in the area , but the food is good .	food	neutral
We ordered the penang curry , and the drunken noodles .	penang	neutral
We ordered the penang curry , and the drunken noodles .	drunken	neutral
The food on my last visit was not up to snuff .	food	neutral
Every dish we ordered came out cold and the lo mein was overly greasy .	dish	neutral
Every dish we ordered came out cold and the lo mein was overly greasy .	lo mein	neutral
Jade Palace is comfort food .	Jade Palace	neutral
You 're not going to reach culinary heights , but you 'll get dishes you know and love .	dishes	neutral
Such a cute and vibrant place .	place	neutral
The service is so nice and fast !	service	neutral
Not to mention how good the food is .	food	neutral
It 's my favorite place to go for sweets , coffee and a fun game of cards .	place	neutral
The spinach dip was good but the burger was quite dissapointing and they burned the onion rings they charged me more for .	spinach dip	neutral
The spinach dip was good but the burger was quite dissapointing and they burned the onion rings they charged me more for .	burger	neutral
The spinach dip was good but the burger was quite dissapointing and they burned the onion rings they charged me more for .	onion	neutral
Service was also very slow	Service	neutral
Excellent atmosphere and very clean .	atmosphere	neutral
Seating is first come	Seating	neutral
Great prices and great beer .	beer	neutral
The staff is super friendly and very accommodating , Jessica and Missy helped me on different days .	staff	neutral
I would highly recommend this place if you 're looking for quality used equipment .	place	neutral
I would highly recommend this place if you 're looking for quality used equipment .	equipment	neutral
Greek pizza gluten free crust- with extra kalamata olives wonderful meal with tofu fries and extra Russian dressing .	Greek pizza	neutral
Greek pizza gluten free crust- with extra kalamata olives wonderful meal with tofu fries and extra Russian dressing .	tofu fries	neutral
The best gourmet burgers I 've ever had .	burgers	neutral
Awesome service , good music , good TV shows on ( cooking shows and ESPN ) .	service	neutral
Awesome service , good music , good TV shows on ( cooking shows and ESPN ) .	music	neutral
Clean classy interior , and most important of all delicious food .	interior	neutral
Clean classy interior , and most important of all delicious food .	food	neutral
Great staff and ambiance .	staff	neutral
Great staff and ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
Gorgonzola salad was delicious .	Gorgonzola salad	neutral
Grilled veggie pizza could have had a little more flavor .	Grilled veggie pizza	neutral
The scientist pizza was fabulous ! ! !	scientist pizza	neutral
Update - We went back for more and thoroughly enjoyed the The Simple Margherita Finished with Wild Arugula and Shavings of Parmigiano - Reggiano .	Margherita	neutral
Update - We went back for more and thoroughly enjoyed the The Simple Margherita Finished with Wild Arugula and Shavings of Parmigiano - Reggiano .	Wild Arugula	neutral
The nachos are by far in the top 3 for me .	nachos	neutral
The atmosphere is laid back and the wait staff were attentive .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is laid back and the wait staff were attentive .	wait staff	neutral
Awesome food and great service !	food	neutral
Awesome food and great service !	service	neutral
Do n't miss out on the ' sides ' ..	sides	neutral
I got the hummus and lentils , which were both amazing .	hummus	neutral
I got the hummus and lentils , which were both amazing .	lentils	neutral
I would also highly recommend dessert ..	dessert	neutral
I got some kind if strawberry bar ( forgot what it was called ) but it was delish .	strawberry bar	neutral
I also ordered the good earth sandwich which had really fresh ingredients , but the flavor profile of the sauce was kind of weird for me , I think I would order it without it if I was ever to go back again ( I 'm not from Nevada ) .	ingredients	neutral
I also ordered the good earth sandwich which had really fresh ingredients , but the flavor profile of the sauce was kind of weird for me , I think I would order it without it if I was ever to go back again ( I 'm not from Nevada ) .	flavor	neutral
I also ordered the good earth sandwich which had really fresh ingredients , but the flavor profile of the sauce was kind of weird for me , I think I would order it without it if I was ever to go back again ( I 'm not from Nevada ) .	sauce	neutral
I also ordered the guacamole sandwich , which I liked better ..	guacamole sandwich	neutral
But the I would have to say the red sauce on it was too sweet for me .	red sauce	neutral
My i d was expired by a month	i d	neutral
Our server only showed up to take the order .	server	neutral
She never came back to refill our drinks and a manager had to come out and get me a coffee .	manager	neutral
I will be sure to let the people I talk to know that new grills and new menu items did n't change a poorly run restaurant	grills	neutral
I will be sure to let the people I talk to know that new grills and new menu items did n't change a poorly run restaurant	menu items	neutral
I will be sure to let the people I talk to know that new grills and new menu items did n't change a poorly run restaurant	restaurant	neutral
This must be the only place where you get a salad and there are no veggies to pick from besides tomato cucumber and peppers .	salad	neutral
This must be the only place where you get a salad and there are no veggies to pick from besides tomato cucumber and peppers .	tomato cucumber	neutral
Complimentary strawberry chocolate was tiny and had one little drizzle of chocolate .	strawberry chocolate	neutral
Its amazing that in the short time this place has opened the quality has dropped this much .	place	neutral
Friendly staff !	staff	neutral
Food was top notch !	Food	neutral
Calamari came with a spicy dipping sauce which was delish .	Calamari	neutral
Calamari came with a spicy dipping sauce which was delish .	spicy dipping sauce	neutral
Pizza was PERFECTION !	Pizza	neutral
Nothing but poor service and excuses !	service	neutral
Service is horrendous and takes so long to get basic items .	Service	neutral
Tables and overall organization is always in disarray .	Tables	neutral
The menu at Chick - fil - A has a wide variety of choices including healthy ones .	menu	neutral
In addition , to the great selections from the menu you just can not beat the service .	menu	neutral
In addition , to the great selections from the menu you just can not beat the service .	service	neutral
If you decide not to dine in the drive thru provides quick and efficient service on the run and if you decide to dine in - the kids have a place to play while you can sit an relax .	service	neutral
All in all a good meal at reasonable price .	meal	neutral
Great food and great deals for kids under 10 .	food	neutral
Can be a little slow at times but the quality of food and service makes up for it .	food	neutral
Can be a little slow at times but the quality of food and service makes up for it .	service	neutral
Wait is long so make sure to come earlier .	Wait	neutral
Wait for food is short but the amount in the actual ramen is microscopic compared to normal ramen portions given .	Wait	neutral
Wait for food is short but the amount in the actual ramen is microscopic compared to normal ramen portions given .	food	neutral
Wait for food is short but the amount in the actual ramen is microscopic compared to normal ramen portions given .	ramen	neutral
Love this place , both food and atmosphere .	place	neutral
Love this place , both food and atmosphere .	food	neutral
Love this place , both food and atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
But the wait is reasonable and the atmosphere makes the wait easier .	wait	neutral
But the wait is reasonable and the atmosphere makes the wait easier .	atmosphere	neutral
I am a fan of their dirty rice .	dirty rice	neutral
And their wrapped shrimp .	wrapped shrimp	neutral
What makes this place great is not just their spices , but the tenderness of the way they cook their seafood .	spices	neutral
What makes this place great is not just their spices , but the tenderness of the way they cook their seafood .	seafood	neutral
Service excellent each time .	Service	neutral
Everything we had from appetizers to dessert was great , but the best part was our server Jose .	appetizers	neutral
Everything we had from appetizers to dessert was great , but the best part was our server Jose .	dessert	neutral
Everything we had from appetizers to dessert was great , but the best part was our server Jose .	server	neutral
Everything we had from appetizers to dessert was great , but the best part was our server Jose .	Jose	neutral
We liked the food and service at Chang 's so much , that we made a second trip before leaving town .	food	neutral
We liked the food and service at Chang 's so much , that we made a second trip before leaving town .	service	neutral
Great place , love the food , and the service is A1 , the owner is such a nice person .	place	neutral
Great place , love the food , and the service is A1 , the owner is such a nice person .	food	neutral
Great place , love the food , and the service is A1 , the owner is such a nice person .	service	neutral
Great place , love the food , and the service is A1 , the owner is such a nice person .	owner	neutral
From the moment of the intial email contact of menu , pricing and date of the party , to the actual date of the party ( Oct. 5th ) everything was very professional .	menu	neutral
They provided " pass " hors D'oeuvres - bacon wrapped shrimp , chicken quesdadilla & mozzarella / brushetta / tomatoe skewers .	chicken quesdadilla	neutral
The food was awesome !	food	neutral
After the party , the kitchen was spotless .	kitchen	neutral
Thank you Chef Kyle & staff of All About Catering for providing excellent service , food & an incredible experience of having our own chef / bartender prepparing our dinner / drinks at the home .	Chef	neutral
Thank you Chef Kyle & staff of All About Catering for providing excellent service , food & an incredible experience of having our own chef / bartender prepparing our dinner / drinks at the home .	Kyle	neutral
Thank you Chef Kyle & staff of All About Catering for providing excellent service , food & an incredible experience of having our own chef / bartender prepparing our dinner / drinks at the home .	Catering	neutral
Thank you Chef Kyle & staff of All About Catering for providing excellent service , food & an incredible experience of having our own chef / bartender prepparing our dinner / drinks at the home .	service	neutral
Thank you Chef Kyle & staff of All About Catering for providing excellent service , food & an incredible experience of having our own chef / bartender prepparing our dinner / drinks at the home .	food	neutral
Thank you Chef Kyle & staff of All About Catering for providing excellent service , food & an incredible experience of having our own chef / bartender prepparing our dinner / drinks at the home .	chef	neutral
Thank you Chef Kyle & staff of All About Catering for providing excellent service , food & an incredible experience of having our own chef / bartender prepparing our dinner / drinks at the home .	bartender	neutral
Loved the food .	food	neutral
Highly recommend the patio seating as it has a great view of the Bellagio fountains across the street .	patio seating	neutral
The wait staff was very friendly and helpful .	wait staff	neutral
Fantastic coffee shop in the heart of campustown .	coffee	neutral
The baristas are extremely friendly and welcoming .	baristas	neutral
Great coffee , great price , relaxing atmosphere .	coffee	neutral
Great coffee , great price , relaxing atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Sushi Tachi has become my husband 's and my place to go for sushi in NLV .	Sushi Tachi	neutral
The food is consistently good and service is exceptional .	food	neutral
The food is consistently good and service is exceptional .	service	neutral
They have great Monday and Tuesday deals and a decent selection of rolls .	rolls	neutral
All - you - can - eat is the way to go !	All	neutral
The only thing I do n't like is once we were given lots of grief for bringing in a few chicken nuggets for my four - year - old ( who does n't like sushi or anything else the place offers ) .	chicken	neutral
Until then , I will not have many chances to visit Sushi Tachi !	Sushi Tachi	neutral
But if it 's date night - I recommend this place !	place	neutral
Cheap food .	food	neutral
So do n't believe that that line you see is real !	line	neutral
The 5 spice pork belly banh mi was very delicious !	5 spice	neutral
The 5 spice pork belly banh mi was very delicious !	pork belly banh mi	neutral
The bread tasted fresh and it had a perfect crunch while contrasting with all the sauce , fresh veggies and meat !	bread	neutral
The bread tasted fresh and it had a perfect crunch while contrasting with all the sauce , fresh veggies and meat !	sauce	neutral
The bread tasted fresh and it had a perfect crunch while contrasting with all the sauce , fresh veggies and meat !	veggies	neutral
The bread tasted fresh and it had a perfect crunch while contrasting with all the sauce , fresh veggies and meat !	meat	neutral
The steam bao was meh~	steam bao	neutral
The kimchi fries were really scrumptious !	kimchi fries	neutral
The flavours really complement each other .	flavours	neutral
The fries were piping hot when it was served to us .	fries	neutral
The kimchi on top of the fries was n't too spicy .	kimchi	neutral
The kimchi on top of the fries was n't too spicy .	fries	neutral
I enjoyed the hint of spice which gave this dish a depth of flavour !	spice	neutral
I enjoyed the hint of spice which gave this dish a depth of flavour !	dish	neutral
and I really LOVE this dish !	dish	neutral
The place was tiny !	place	neutral
We were lucky to find a spot to sit and the tables were really close to each other .	tables	neutral
I felt squished in this compacted space .	space	neutral
We end up going somewhere else with more comfortable seating to enjoy the rest of the night .	seating	neutral
There 's no way a large group of people can fit in this dining area .	dining	neutral
Also , the price for the food was pretty reasonable .	food	neutral
For all that food it only cost us around $ 20 !	food	neutral
I would totally recommend their kimchi fries !	kimchi fries	neutral
Love all the TVs and the food is good but takes way too long to get a drink !	TVs	neutral
Love all the TVs and the food is good but takes way too long to get a drink !	food	neutral
One thing that I want to tell EVERYONE in Arizona , " DO NOT USE THE AUTOMATED DELI SERVICE STATION " in this store .	DELI SERVICE STATION	neutral
Twice I have had rude employees turn a blind ear to my complaints and I have to take another manual ticket and wait another 15 - 20 minutes to get my order filled .	employees	neutral
The store itself is very well run	store	neutral
but I suggest avoiding the deli station and the deli itself .	deli	neutral
but I suggest avoiding the deli station and the deli itself .	deli	neutral
P. S. I wrote to Fry 's website with a complaint and they responded by saying that they are going to give my complaint to the same manager that in the first place does not understand what a customer service means !	customer service	neutral
Nice and quaint bakery with a huge selection of great snacks and cheap meals made fresh .	bakery	neutral
Nice and quaint bakery with a huge selection of great snacks and cheap meals made fresh .	snacks	neutral
Nice and quaint bakery with a huge selection of great snacks and cheap meals made fresh .	meals	neutral
We were pleasantly surprised with the sushi rolls , fresh salmon and dragon roll were great	sushi rolls	neutral
We were pleasantly surprised with the sushi rolls , fresh salmon and dragon roll were great	fresh salmon	neutral
We were pleasantly surprised with the sushi rolls , fresh salmon and dragon roll were great	dragon roll	neutral
so was the tempura appetizer was a great deal	tempura appetizer	neutral
, my daughter had a side of fried noodles with chicken she loved it !	side	neutral
, my daughter had a side of fried noodles with chicken she loved it !	fried noodles with chicken	neutral
I have one complain about the green tea	green tea	neutral
The sesame chicken is not your average	sesame chicken	neutral
it 's tonkatsu chicken with the sauce on the side	sauce	neutral
, I happened to like it , not so great the tonkatsu sandwich my hubby was dissapointed with it .	tonkatsu sandwich	neutral
The ginger salad dressing was way to strong like pure ginger blended but the sesame dressing was delicious ! !	ginger salad dressing	neutral
The ginger salad dressing was way to strong like pure ginger blended but the sesame dressing was delicious ! !	sesame dressing	neutral
They really need to get bigger tablecloths or none at all , they were wrinkled and did n't cover the whole table , uncomfortable too .	tablecloths	neutral
The service was ok , will love to see the host smile at least once	service	neutral
The service was ok , will love to see the host smile at least once	host	neutral
overall we liked the sushi and will probably do to go next time instead on eating in !	sushi	neutral
I really love the extensive dessert options they have at every location .	dessert	neutral
The customer service was good , ca n't complain .	customer service	neutral
The interiors are nice , and clean .	interiors	neutral
I would come back again for desserts !	desserts	neutral
If you like KFC or Church 's , you 're not going to like this place very much .	place	neutral
Fried chicken is over cooked and flavorless .	Fried chicken	neutral
Biscuits and coleslaw are ok , but hardly worth the trip .	Biscuits	neutral
Biscuits and coleslaw are ok , but hardly worth the trip .	coleslaw	neutral
I was really looking forward to trying this place , but sadly disappointed .	place	neutral
Only reason I gave 2 stars is because the servers are pleasant .	servers	neutral
Nice local establishment with great food and fantastic patio to hang out on in the summer .	establishment	neutral
Nice local establishment with great food and fantastic patio to hang out on in the summer .	food	neutral
Nice local establishment with great food and fantastic patio to hang out on in the summer .	patio	neutral
The interior is dark and the tvs need to be bigger and placed in better viewing areas .	interior	neutral
The interior is dark and the tvs need to be bigger and placed in better viewing areas .	tvs	neutral
If you do n't know where this place is , it is Kind of hard to explain to people how to there .	place	neutral
Still a nice clean and safe place to hang out .	place	neutral
Aw the 3 . 5 * rating does n't do this place justice .	place	neutral
Having been here a lot for work and after - work lunches and dinners , I feel like this is a solid place to have a drink in the area - especially if the noisy and touristy Distillery is not your taste .	place	neutral
Having been here a lot for work and after - work lunches and dinners , I feel like this is a solid place to have a drink in the area - especially if the noisy and touristy Distillery is not your taste .	Distillery	neutral
This is a grungy bar with fantastic service and a terrific beer selection .	bar	neutral
This is a grungy bar with fantastic service and a terrific beer selection .	service	neutral
This is a grungy bar with fantastic service and a terrific beer selection .	beer selection	neutral
Get a booth with a tap if you want more privacy ( max 4 people ) .	tap	neutral
Reminds me of home cooked meals .	meals	neutral
Not a fan of their small portion sized meals .	portion	neutral
Not a fan of their small portion sized meals .	meals	neutral
But the food still taste great !	food	neutral
Best place to get a roasted Duck and porridge .	roasted Duck	neutral
A little packed in restaurant also .	restaurant	neutral
As soon as we walked in I had a feeling I was going to love this spot .	spot	neutral
The lamb gyro was on the specials board and he was talking about getting that ... the owner said he had to be honest and it was n't his fav .	lamb gyro	neutral
Then went on to say that if he did n't love it that he ( the owner ) would buy his meal .	meal	neutral
I had eggs toast hash browns and French toast and holy cow : those hash browns were AMAMZING .	eggs toast	neutral
I had eggs toast hash browns and French toast and holy cow : those hash browns were AMAMZING .	French toast	neutral
I had eggs toast hash browns and French toast and holy cow : those hash browns were AMAMZING .	hash	neutral
Absolutely recommend this spot .	spot	neutral
The Tides Seafood & Ocean Bar serves a wide variety of Sushi and Special Rolls , several seafood stews , raw Clams and Oysters and , indeed , as one reviewer pointed out , even steak .	Tides Seafood	neutral
The Tides Seafood & Ocean Bar serves a wide variety of Sushi and Special Rolls , several seafood stews , raw Clams and Oysters and , indeed , as one reviewer pointed out , even steak .	Sushi	neutral
The Tides Seafood & Ocean Bar serves a wide variety of Sushi and Special Rolls , several seafood stews , raw Clams and Oysters and , indeed , as one reviewer pointed out , even steak .	Special Rolls	neutral
The Tides Seafood & Ocean Bar serves a wide variety of Sushi and Special Rolls , several seafood stews , raw Clams and Oysters and , indeed , as one reviewer pointed out , even steak .	seafood	neutral
The Tides Seafood & Ocean Bar serves a wide variety of Sushi and Special Rolls , several seafood stews , raw Clams and Oysters and , indeed , as one reviewer pointed out , even steak .	raw Clams	neutral
On those prior visits , I have been thoroughly impressed by delicious seafood stews such as the Pan Roast .	seafood stews	neutral
On those prior visits , I have been thoroughly impressed by delicious seafood stews such as the Pan Roast .	Pan Roast	neutral
I would not hesitate to order the Gumbo or Cioppino in the future based upon how much I 've enjoyed the Pan Roast .	Pan Roast	neutral
My female server was terrific .	female	neutral
My female server was terrific .	server	neutral
The nice manager(?)n in chef garb chatted me up on both visits when he noticed my Yankee cap , since he told me he was a big fan and a Bronx emigree .	manager(?)n	neutral
The nice manager(?)n in chef garb chatted me up on both visits when he noticed my Yankee cap , since he told me he was a big fan and a Bronx emigree .	chef garb	neutral
On my first visit ( 7/19 ) , I chose the Linguine with White Clam Sauce .	Linguine with White Clam Sauce	neutral
Although it was a nice - sized portion with a fair amount of clams , I did not care for the sauce , which seemed more like a roux , than a hearty olive oil - based sauce which I prefer .	sauce	neutral
My Gordon Biersch Pilsner , however , was delicious , cold and fabulous .	Gordon Biersch Pilsner	neutral
On my second visit ( 7/21 ) , I chose the Jambalaya .	Jambalaya	neutral
I washed it down with another delicious Gordon .	Gordon	neutral
I look forward to dining at this restaurant again .	restaurant	neutral
We had a 5 course meal and the best part was desert .	meal	neutral
Staff is all around friendly and effecient .	Staff	neutral
I 'd say it can be a good romantic place for couples .	place	neutral
Thanks Melting Pot !	Melting Pot	neutral
Unfortunately the food at Match Restaurant does not match the restaurant 's cool and interesting decor .	food	neutral
Unfortunately the food at Match Restaurant does not match the restaurant 's cool and interesting decor .	decor	neutral
The food is pretentious at best .	food	neutral
We had a Caesar salad which had very little resemblance to a real Caesar , and sadly , not even half as tasty .	Caesar salad	neutral
The salmon fillet that accompanied this salad seemed to have been deep fried , or else it was cooked to within an inch of its life , dry and leathery .	salmon fillet	neutral
The Manhattan drink was a mystery to us ...	Manhattan drink	neutral
We love sitting at the oyster bar and watching everything be prepared .	oyster bar	neutral
Never been disappointed in the great service , fresh food and great atmosphere .... on our wish list is that they open in Scottsdale , where we live .	service	neutral
Never been disappointed in the great service , fresh food and great atmosphere .... on our wish list is that they open in Scottsdale , where we live .	food	neutral
Never been disappointed in the great service , fresh food and great atmosphere .... on our wish list is that they open in Scottsdale , where we live .	atmosphere	neutral
I had the soup of the day and the chef 's special for lunch .	soup	neutral
I had the soup of the day and the chef 's special for lunch .	chef	neutral
Deep - fried tomato was great , something I 've never tried before .	Deep - fried tomato	neutral
Had the chocolate vegan cake for dessert and albeit a little dry , it tasted great .	chocolate vegan cake	neutral
The service and food were spot on .	service	neutral
The service and food were spot on .	food	neutral
Easily the best Indian food , no , food , that I have ever had .	Indian food	neutral
Easily the best Indian food , no , food , that I have ever had .	food	neutral
I would say it is the best restaurant I have ever eaten at , including " high end " restaurants that are easily two to three times the price .	restaurant	neutral
Tons of hip Country music and some truly delicious ribs .	Country	neutral
Tons of hip Country music and some truly delicious ribs .	ribs	neutral
I would seriously rate the ribs about # 3 for the best ribs I 've had in my lifetime	ribs	neutral
I would seriously rate the ribs about # 3 for the best ribs I 've had in my lifetime	ribs	neutral
The tangy sauce was delicious and balanced well with the cornbread which was just slightly sweet .	tangy sauce	neutral
The tangy sauce was delicious and balanced well with the cornbread which was just slightly sweet .	cornbread	neutral
The service was excellent .	service	neutral
Our waitress was friendly , attentive and upbeat .	waitress	neutral
She answered my questions about the menu and was knowledgeable .	menu	neutral
It drives me nuts when I go somewhere and ask suggestions and they either have never eaten the food or say something like how the fries are good .	fries	neutral
That 's not important to me because making great fries should n't be that complicated .	fries	neutral
so I do n't waste my time and precious calories on subpar food .	food	neutral
She was a good waitress and I did n't waste my time .	waitress	neutral
I loved the music they were playing .	music	neutral
Upbeat Country that you can sing and move around to ... burn off some tasty calories while you eat .	Country	neutral
I also liked that the seating was reasonable in a way that there were n't people sitting right next to me staring down my throat as I ate and sang away .	seating	neutral
The music was loud enough for me to sing out loud and not have anyone hear me , but soft enough for me to hear my husband .	music	neutral
All in all , this was a pretty good night of good eats and a good time that made me feel like I was n't hanging out on the strip .	eats	neutral
Favorite breakfast in Scottsdale .	breakfast	neutral
Great healthy options and kids love the Gingerbread Pancakes .	Gingerbread Pancakes	neutral
Food was good and quick , service was nice , I do n't like the rooms that are off to the side so when the server bends over while helping another table , you get ass close to your face .	Food	neutral
Food was good and quick , service was nice , I do n't like the rooms that are off to the side so when the server bends over while helping another table , you get ass close to your face .	service	neutral
Food was good and quick , service was nice , I do n't like the rooms that are off to the side so when the server bends over while helping another table , you get ass close to your face .	server	neutral
The wife and I were looking for a good ceviche dish and used Yelp to find this " off the beaten path " marisco restaurant .	ceviche	neutral
The waitress is friendly and helpful as she helped us order our ceviche dishes .	waitress	neutral
The waitress is friendly and helpful as she helped us order our ceviche dishes .	ceviche dishes	neutral
The ceviche was very good - tangy with lime juice and full of shrimp and pulpo .	ceviche	neutral
They have many other marisco dishes that look tempting to try and their menu has a lot of food pictures to show what you are getting .	marisco dishes	neutral
They have many other marisco dishes that look tempting to try and their menu has a lot of food pictures to show what you are getting .	menu	neutral
We highly recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The food at Studio B : its quality leaves a lasting impression .	food	neutral
The food at Studio B : its quality leaves a lasting impression .	Studio B	neutral
The grilled New York steaks are heavenly , medium - rare to medium , just the right portion , and you can go back for more .	grilled New York steaks	neutral
Rotisserie chicken , carve - to - order .	Rotisserie chicken	neutral
Several Thai and Vietnamese salads are uncommon elsewhere .	Thai	neutral
Several Thai and Vietnamese salads are uncommon elsewhere .	Vietnamese salads	neutral
Many good Italian dishes , both hot and room - temp .	Italian dishes	neutral
But if you look hard enough , you 'll find chunks of egg in the Singapore noodles .	Singapore noodles	neutral
And , a make - to - order espresso bar that goes with all those sweets ( tiny Tiramis湛 , crepes , cr竪me br短l辿e ... ) .	espresso	neutral
And , a make - to - order espresso bar that goes with all those sweets ( tiny Tiramis湛 , crepes , cr竪me br短l辿e ... ) .	Tiramis湛	neutral
And , a make - to - order espresso bar that goes with all those sweets ( tiny Tiramis湛 , crepes , cr竪me br短l辿e ... ) .	crepes	neutral
But the line can be long because desserts and coffee are in the same place ; the person manning the espresso bar also has to scoop gelato .	desserts	neutral
If you stroll around the place after a big meal , check out the first floor where it has a pool piazza , spa & salon , " Hostile Grape , " and all the meeting and business facilities ( nicely isolated from the casino above ) .	pool piazza	neutral
If you stroll around the place after a big meal , check out the first floor where it has a pool piazza , spa & salon , " Hostile Grape , " and all the meeting and business facilities ( nicely isolated from the casino above ) .	spa	neutral
If you stroll around the place after a big meal , check out the first floor where it has a pool piazza , spa & salon , " Hostile Grape , " and all the meeting and business facilities ( nicely isolated from the casino above ) .	Hostile Grape	neutral
, the M Resort is a pretty nice place : small , but sophisticated .	M Resort	neutral
Have n't had a bad meal yet .	meal	neutral
Love the ceviche and Carne asada burrito .	ceviche	neutral
Love the ceviche and Carne asada burrito .	Carne asada burrito	neutral
This place is the AWESOME !	place	neutral
Living in NY with the best steak houses around including another Old Homestead , none of them compare .	steak	neutral
I must say the service and food was the best I 've had !	service	neutral
I must say the service and food was the best I 've had !	food	neutral
This is the premier place for the " Steak " Experience in Las Vegas!!!Everything was cooked to perfection .	Steak	neutral
We had the pleasure of meeting the Executive Chef , who randomly came to our table to see how are meal was going !	Executive Chef	neutral
I worked with Ivette West and she was wonderful in setting up the reservation , food selection and even helped to accommodate the one veggitarian in a family full of carnivores .	reservation	neutral
I worked with Ivette West and she was wonderful in setting up the reservation , food selection and even helped to accommodate the one veggitarian in a family full of carnivores .	food	neutral
We had such a wonderful time and everyone enjoyed the food .	food	neutral
The staff just rolled with the group 's antics and even joined in creating a memorable evening for all .	staff	neutral
Very nice location but super crowded !	location	neutral
Beer was awesome and they have a super cool outdoor area , we will be back !	Beer	neutral
Beer was awesome and they have a super cool outdoor area , we will be back !	outdoor area	neutral
This restaurant looked really cool from the outside .	restaurant	neutral
I guess I got sucked in by all the beautiful fishes in the fish tanks .	fishes	neutral
I guess I got sucked in by all the beautiful fishes in the fish tanks .	fish tanks	neutral
I also thought how bad can noodles be from BeiJin ?	BeiJin	neutral
They said they the noodles were hand - pulled .	noodles	neutral
I know how hand - pulled noodles should taste .	noodles	neutral
The Pork and mushroom sauce were so little , I had to add soy sauce to the noodles in order to eat it .	Pork	neutral
The Pork and mushroom sauce were so little , I had to add soy sauce to the noodles in order to eat it .	mushroom sauce	neutral
The order of ' Beef Pancakes ' has 2 and were the size of dollar coin .	Beef Pancakes	neutral
Conclusion - very small portion , very expensive , and very bad food !	portion	neutral
Conclusion - very small portion , very expensive , and very bad food !	food	neutral
Do n't be enticed by the fish tanks like I did .	fish tanks	neutral
WALK FAR FAR AWAY from this place !	place	neutral
The staff are all super nice and accommodating .	staff	neutral
The food is good and they have a lot of healthy options .	food	neutral
My husband LOVES the Brooklyn Benedict and gets it almost every time .	Brooklyn Benedict	neutral
Their omelets are good too and the ingredients are fresh !	omelets	neutral
Their omelets are good too and the ingredients are fresh !	ingredients	neutral
We 've been for lunch a couple of times and the food was great too .	food	neutral
Just got back from a Vegas trip ;) and the sandwiches here are amazing .	sandwiches	neutral
Got the Full Montagu and after a long night of hitting the clubs , this sandwich definitely hit the spot !	sandwich	neutral
Love this place the whole my eyes to hand crafted Pizza concecpt ...... works well ecspecially considering they have a wide array of fresh ingredients to choose from .......	Pizza concecpt	neutral
Love this place the whole my eyes to hand crafted Pizza concecpt ...... works well ecspecially considering they have a wide array of fresh ingredients to choose from .......	ingredients	neutral
Better than Fried Pie for sure ......	Fried Pie	neutral
I had the worst corn beef sandwich ever .	corn beef sandwich	neutral
The sandwich was tough , chewy , tasteless and hard .	sandwich	neutral
It is so hard to get great food anymore .	food	neutral
Bring back the old Tommy 's !	Tommy 's	neutral
When it 's hot out and you just want something light and refreshing to eat this is a great place .	place	neutral
I usually get the roasted chicken and hummus plate with pita and cucumbers and it always hits the spot !	roasted chicken and	neutral
I usually get the roasted chicken and hummus plate with pita and cucumbers and it always hits the spot !	hummus plate with	neutral
I usually get the roasted chicken and hummus plate with pita and cucumbers and it always hits the spot !	pita and cucumbers	neutral
I love their teas and the seasonal flavors like the strawberry kiwi green tea , great for a hot day like today !	teas	neutral
I love their teas and the seasonal flavors like the strawberry kiwi green tea , great for a hot day like today !	strawberry kiwi green tea	neutral
The service is positive and everyone has good vibes .	service	neutral
Tried several different donuts including their PB&J and Apple Fritter along with several of their " regular " collection .	PB&J	neutral
Tried several different donuts including their PB&J and Apple Fritter along with several of their " regular " collection .	Apple Fritter	neutral
I was really impressed how great the donuts tasted from the delicious toppings to the base of the donut itself .	donuts	neutral
I was really impressed how great the donuts tasted from the delicious toppings to the base of the donut itself .	toppings	neutral
I was surprised that they are able to offer such high quality ingredients at price points similar to dunkin donuts which is n't fresh at all .	ingredients	neutral
My friends tell me their Ham & Cheese croissant amazing also .	Ham & Cheese croissant	neutral
Service was super friendly and fast .	Service	neutral
This place is brand new and everything was really clean including the bathroom .	place	neutral
This place is brand new and everything was really clean including the bathroom .	bathroom	neutral
Absolutely the best grocery in the NW with dedicated staff from baggers to management .	grocery	neutral
Absolutely the best grocery in the NW with dedicated staff from baggers to management .	staff	neutral
Absolutely the best grocery in the NW with dedicated staff from baggers to management .	baggers	neutral
Chef Lee Arnel is a revelation and despite my disappointment at the closing of the former megastore , Glaziers on Warm Springs , which had unlimited stocks of delicacies , this Smith 's nearest to me , is the current flag - bearer of excellence .	Chef	neutral
Inside you 'll find a Kosher Deli ( wish they carried tongue and new pickles ) , new skillet - ready to scoop frozen sides and entrees , and ready to cook meals in a box , you would be hard - pressed to find a better grocery store .	Deli	neutral
Inside you 'll find a Kosher Deli ( wish they carried tongue and new pickles ) , new skillet - ready to scoop frozen sides and entrees , and ready to cook meals in a box , you would be hard - pressed to find a better grocery store .	sides	neutral
Inside you 'll find a Kosher Deli ( wish they carried tongue and new pickles ) , new skillet - ready to scoop frozen sides and entrees , and ready to cook meals in a box , you would be hard - pressed to find a better grocery store .	meals	neutral
Food and produce are always fresh and you can always rely on the deli workers to bring a smile to your face even when their patience is being tested .	Food	neutral
Food and produce are always fresh and you can always rely on the deli workers to bring a smile to your face even when their patience is being tested .	produce	neutral
Food and produce are always fresh and you can always rely on the deli workers to bring a smile to your face even when their patience is being tested .	deli	neutral
The atmosphere is cool , but the service ...	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is cool , but the service ...	service	neutral
I ordered a glass of wine which was a dollar off .	glass	neutral
The $ 15 charcuterie plate had a couple small pieces of cheese and a few slices of salami .	charcuterie plate	neutral
The bartender was condescending the rest of our time there .	bartender	neutral
First impression of the place : it 's very neat and clean - to be expected since it 's pretty new .	place	neutral
, I guess .. bar / stool area plus tables which overall reminded me of Tokyo Lobby a little further down Bell .	stool	neutral
, I guess .. bar / stool area plus tables which overall reminded me of Tokyo Lobby a little further down Bell .	tables	neutral
Not a bad thing as long as the grub measures up too , such as is the case at Vogue Bistro .	grub	neutral
Not a bad thing as long as the grub measures up too , such as is the case at Vogue Bistro .	Vogue	neutral
The wait staff were very attentive .	wait staff	neutral
A little too attentive , actually - we were pinged about six or seven times while we ate by two separate waiters , but of course that 's better than being ignored .	waiters	neutral
The wife had the Saigon Rice ( BBQ pork , carrot , pea , shrimp	Saigon Rice	neutral
She also had the spring rolls .	spring	neutral
The kid , after a little coaxing , had some rice , noodles ( extracted from the guts of one of the spring rolls ) and satay sauce .	spring rolls	neutral
My pho was hot and tasty but I have some criticisms .	pho	neutral
: it was piping hot , the broth was very tasty ( marrow bones boiled longer in it , or perhaps more beef stock ? ) , they served lemon pieces instead of lime ( listen carefully , other Vietnamese places : there 's a difference , and lemon is -better- )	broth	neutral
There was absolutely no tripe in my soup .	soup	neutral
Not a big fail , but what I 'll call a " Bombay Spice " fail ( those people who have been to Bombay Spice in Paradise Valley expecting ' actual ' Indian restaurant fare will know exactly what I mean here ) .	Bombay Spice	neutral
Not a big fail , but what I 'll call a " Bombay Spice " fail ( those people who have been to Bombay Spice in Paradise Valley expecting ' actual ' Indian restaurant fare will know exactly what I mean here ) .	Indian	neutral
# 2 : serve your pho dac biet with tripe and let customers dictate whether or not you should continue doing so , rather than the other way round .	pho	neutral
Second , I got a measly palmful of bean sprouts on one of those long square plates , hardly enough for a single bite .	bean sprouts	neutral
Third , instead of a bottle of Sriracha hot sauce on the table there was a doll's - house - sized dollop of it on a tiny square dish .	dish	neutral
$ 9 for a large pho dac biet that was missing a traditional ingredient .	pho dac biet	neutral
My favourite Vietnamese in the valley is still 43rd Express	43rd	neutral
Go try a bowl of THEIR pho and see what you get for your dollar .	pho	neutral
Saigon Kitchen gets three stars flat .	Saigon Kitchen	neutral
Nice and average in the scheme of things , with Cold Stone Creamery next door being a definite plus .	Cold Stone Creamery	neutral
Very pleasant decor , completely unexpected for a place that serves this kind of cuisine .	decor	neutral
Very pleasant decor , completely unexpected for a place that serves this kind of cuisine .	cuisine	neutral
I 'm kinda glad they censored my review of 43rd Express , actually .	43rd Express	neutral
I really like that place	place	neutral
Good customer service , loved the food Oliver was amazing .	customer service	neutral
Good customer service , loved the food Oliver was amazing .	food	neutral
Thank you Northside !	Northside	neutral
She had the chicken , it was great too , I stuck with the burger because I love it .	chicken	neutral
She had the chicken , it was great too , I stuck with the burger because I love it .	burger	neutral
Great food , but do n't go in the winter	food	neutral
I would go five stars , but the place needs to be bigger .	place	neutral
1st disappointment was the margarita .	margarita	neutral
The server was horrible .	server	neutral
We ordered beef nachos to share and they were so greasy and awful that all I left with was an upset stomach .	beef nachos	neutral
75 for a tiny cup of extra sour cream .	sour cream	neutral
The salsa was like marinara sauce .	salsa	neutral
The bean dip was okay , but lukewarm .	bean dip	neutral
Food came out incredibly fast .	Food	neutral
Spicy pig	Spicy	neutral
Stir fried fish with peppers and black bean - amazing .	Stir fried fish with peppers and black bean	neutral
Tofu soup w/ fish + shrimp - super bland .	Tofu soup w/ fish + shrimp	neutral
XLB - good , not great .	XLB	neutral
Dan dan noodles - not that great .	Dan dan noodles	neutral
Flavoring was off for what they considered Sichuan style .	Flavoring	neutral
Including at the window .	window	neutral
The food was flat and did n't have any toppings at all .	food	neutral
The burgers and their buns were smashed .	burgers	neutral
The burgers and their buns were smashed .	buns	neutral
Beer , wine , bargains ... repurposed items , antiques , passionate owner on premise ... as good as it gets .	Beer	neutral
Beer , wine , bargains ... repurposed items , antiques , passionate owner on premise ... as good as it gets .	wine	neutral
When would you guys fixed your juice machine .	juice	neutral
Great local spot !	spot	neutral
Brunch food was great , atmosphere is family oriented ( even a little play area for kids ) and staff was really nice .	Brunch	neutral
Brunch food was great , atmosphere is family oriented ( even a little play area for kids ) and staff was really nice .	food	neutral
Brunch food was great , atmosphere is family oriented ( even a little play area for kids ) and staff was really nice .	atmosphere	neutral
Brunch food was great , atmosphere is family oriented ( even a little play area for kids ) and staff was really nice .	staff	neutral
Green curry 9/10 was fiery good and not too sickeningly sweet .	Green curry 9/10	neutral
Honestly , the food was very good but the service was probably the worst I 've ever had in my life .	food	neutral
Honestly , the food was very good but the service was probably the worst I 've ever had in my life .	service	neutral
Our waiter could care less about us , never checked on us , forgot orders , and was downright rude .	waiter	neutral
Jamie our server was fantastic !	Jamie	neutral
Jamie our server was fantastic !	server	neutral
Bomberos is close to home and the only true slice of coolness to bless North Central .	Bomberos	neutral
Nice place for good food when you 're in a hurry .	place	neutral
Nice place for good food when you 're in a hurry .	food	neutral
The pasta bowl with Spicy Sausage is a favorite of mind .	pasta bowl with Spicy Sausage	neutral
The Italian Sodas are a perfect combination to the hearty bowl ! !	Italian Sodas	neutral
The Italian Sodas are a perfect combination to the hearty bowl ! !	hearty bowl	neutral
And that 's the best thing about this place .	place	neutral
Once we sat down , it took us 25 min to get hold of the server .	server	neutral
The tawwa keema was a complete flop .	tawwa keema	neutral
Keema was chunky and tasteless .	Keema	neutral
Karahi was good .	Karahi	neutral
To wait almost an hour for 2 karahis is ridiculous .	karahis	neutral
A very nice Asian restaurant with beautiful dec嘆r in the plaza across from the Eglinton Square mall on Victoria Park Ave .	Asian restaurant	neutral
A very nice Asian restaurant with beautiful dec嘆r in the plaza across from the Eglinton Square mall on Victoria Park Ave .	dec嘆r	neutral
Tried the Thai Red Curry and Chicken Pakora .	Thai Red Curry	neutral
Tried the Thai Red Curry and Chicken Pakora .	Chicken Pakora	neutral
Both items were very delicious and fresh !	items	neutral
Great restaurant to pop by at if you are craving great tasting asian food in the area !	restaurant	neutral
Great restaurant to pop by at if you are craving great tasting asian food in the area !	asian food	neutral
I love love love their fried rice , it 's the best fried rice	fried rice	neutral
I love love love their fried rice , it 's the best fried rice	fried rice	neutral
I 've ever had even though most places do n't seem to put a lot of time into it like Peking Garden does .	Peking	neutral
I also recommend the Mongolian beef , the dry chili chicken , and the potstickers , which are the best my husband has ever tasted which is saying something .	Mongolian beef	neutral
I also recommend the Mongolian beef , the dry chili chicken , and the potstickers , which are the best my husband has ever tasted which is saying something .	dry chili chicken	neutral
I also recommend the Mongolian beef , the dry chili chicken , and the potstickers , which are the best my husband has ever tasted which is saying something .	potstickers	neutral
Oh man , this is some delicious food !	food	neutral
I had the jerk chicken with mac n cheese and yams .	jerk chicken	neutral
The chicken is outstanding , so spicy and flavorful and tender .	chicken	neutral
The mac n cheese is also very good .	mac n cheese	neutral
The yams were over - sweet for my taste but that 's ok	yams	neutral
There 's also a plantain in the meal deal , which is cartelized into a little sweet bit of heaven .	plantain	neutral
There 's also a plantain in the meal deal , which is cartelized into a little sweet bit of heaven .	meal	neutral
I 've also had the jerk meatballs and they are so good .	jerk meatballs	neutral
I 'm thrilled there is a brick and mortar location for this spot so that I can have more regular access to this great food .	brick and	neutral
I 'm thrilled there is a brick and mortar location for this spot so that I can have more regular access to this great food .	food	neutral
Mighty tasty channel cat as well .	channel cat	neutral
Highly recommend this joint .	joint	neutral
Pretty black and white no hangups easy layout of the online ordering via the website .	online ordering	neutral
I ordered 2 pizzas both gluten free options for the crust and was I blown away . .	pizzas	neutral
I ordered 2 pizzas both gluten free options for the crust and was I blown away . .	crust	neutral
I also ordered a salad as well and hands down the best salad I have had in a long time .	salad	neutral
I also ordered a salad as well and hands down the best salad I have had in a long time .	salad	neutral
The food here is delicious and I will definitely be back again .	food	neutral
The customer service was top notch and very friendly staff.	customer service	neutral
The customer service was top notch and very friendly staff.	staff.	neutral
Nice addition to the neighborhood here in Central Phoenix .. you wo n't be disappointed with any of the options your given to add to your pizza .	pizza	neutral
Quality ingredients and quality service make this hot spot top of the list .	ingredients	neutral
Quality ingredients and quality service make this hot spot top of the list .	service	neutral
Out of the chains we normally choose Montana 's , that said , it 's good , but for a chain .	Montana 's	neutral
The Antojitos were consistently good from last year that we had them here .	Antojitos	neutral
We tried the Smokey Mac&Cheese and it was surprisingly good .	Smokey Mac&Cheese	neutral
For the lose , the Pulled pork potato skins were just saturated in grease , a pool of it , and I think there should have been more pork .	Pulled pork potato skins	neutral
The servers at this location have done well enough for the busy weekend we went on ( Anime North ) .	servers	neutral
They have daily specials that switch throughout the night which is great .	specials	neutral
We got to try out the Salmon belly which was not on the menu .	Salmon belly	neutral
The Uni and Sweet Shrimp although only one order per person on the AYCE menu us delicious .	Uni	neutral
The Uni and Sweet Shrimp although only one order per person on the AYCE menu us delicious .	Sweet Shrimp	neutral
The best sushi for me on that is not one per person was the Snow Crab Meat , very sweet and delicious .	sushi	neutral
The best sushi for me on that is not one per person was the Snow Crab Meat , very sweet and delicious .	Snow Crab Meat	neutral
The quality and freshness of ingredients backs up the 26 .	ingredients	neutral
Best burger joint in Whitby hands down !	burger joint	neutral
Their burgers are delicious , and as well the other items on the menu .	burgers	neutral
Apart from the burgers , I would highly recommend their big boys poutine and deep - fried Mars bar .	big boys poutine	neutral
Apart from the burgers , I would highly recommend their big boys poutine and deep - fried Mars bar .	deep	neutral
Apart from the burgers , I would highly recommend their big boys poutine and deep - fried Mars bar .	Mars bar	neutral
I did not give five stars because this place needs a bit of a renovation .	place	neutral
However the place is clean and bright with wonderful customer service .	place	neutral
However the place is clean and bright with wonderful customer service .	customer service	neutral
I can only speak about the breakfast type fare , and if I had to describe it in one word , it would be :	breakfast	neutral
I can only speak about the breakfast type fare , and if I had to describe it in one word , it would be :	fare	neutral
We ordered several plates from the scrambler , to the sticky biscuits , to the biscuits and gravy .	scrambler	neutral
We ordered several plates from the scrambler , to the sticky biscuits , to the biscuits and gravy .	sticky biscuits	neutral
We ordered several plates from the scrambler , to the sticky biscuits , to the biscuits and gravy .	biscuits	neutral
The grits was some of the best , if not the best , I 've ever had in my life .	grits	neutral
Food is excellently prepared , well cooked , and delicious .	Food	neutral
Jams are tasty too .	Jams	neutral
Service was fantastic .	Service	neutral
It 's all set in a very quaint dining room .	dining room	neutral
My nephews and I ordered the Miyagi burger ( wagyu hamburger patty , over easy egg , chili mayo , crispy sweet bacon , and onion rings)	egg	neutral
this burger was amaaaaazingly delicious .	burger	neutral
My wife ordered the Lonely Bird ( ground chicken and turkey ) with pesto sauce) ... according to my wife , it was very flavorful .	Lonely Bird	neutral
My oldest son ordered the Ronin burger ( angus beef with Japanese cole slaw , onion rings , and sauce ) and my youngest ordered the kids cheeseburger .. they both loved their burger .	Ronin burger	neutral
My oldest son ordered the Ronin burger ( angus beef with Japanese cole slaw , onion rings , and sauce ) and my youngest ordered the kids cheeseburger .. they both loved their burger .	onion	neutral
My oldest son ordered the Ronin burger ( angus beef with Japanese cole slaw , onion rings , and sauce ) and my youngest ordered the kids cheeseburger .. they both loved their burger .	sauce	neutral
My brother - in - law ordered the Kiki burger ( angus beef , mushrooms , sauce , cheese , and crispy bacon) ...	sauce	neutral
For sides , we also ordered the famous oxtail chili cheese fries , salt / peppered garlic fries , and pork belly steamed buns .	oxtail chili cheese fries	neutral
For sides , we also ordered the famous oxtail chili cheese fries , salt / peppered garlic fries , and pork belly steamed buns .	salt / peppered garlic fries	neutral
For sides , we also ordered the famous oxtail chili cheese fries , salt / peppered garlic fries , and pork belly steamed buns .	pork belly steamed buns	neutral
Although the oxtail flavor was overpowered by the chili in my opinion .	oxtail	neutral
For drinks , we ordered Thai tea and their restaurant favorite , the Plantation iced tea .	Plantation	neutral
The parking lot is huge and is shared with other establishments in the area .	parking lot	neutral
Our waitress , Elaina ( I think that 's how you say her name lol ) , was friendly and helpful .	waitress	neutral
and I was impressed by their menu selection .	menu selection	neutral
I had the salmon salad , and it was done to perfection .	salmon salad	neutral
Panera is great .	Panera	neutral
Tons of attitude from the " cooks " .	cooks	neutral
grilled salmon dish was excellent .	grilled salmon dish	neutral
service was also very good	service	neutral
Our server was very friendly and helpful .	server	neutral
I got the breakfast poutine with pork and my boyfriend got the Fat Daddy Pancake .	breakfast poutine with pork	neutral
My poutine was great and really hit the spot after a night out-	poutine	neutral
The Pancake was good , it kind of had the taste and consistency of a cinnamon cake .	Pancake	neutral
Food was great .	Food	neutral
and I split the Chicken / Steak skewers .	Chicken / Steak skewers	neutral
Delicious , perfect size served with a touch of sweet heat and ahhmazing peanut sauce .	peanut sauce	neutral
Meat was cooked to perfection .	Meat	neutral
Presentation spot on .	Presentation	neutral
The kitchen was out of salmon but the almond crusted talapia was deeevine .	almond crusted talapia	neutral
A very generous portion , cooked perfectly with a lovely light berry reduction and beautiful roasted baby carrots and sauteed haricots verts .	portion	neutral
A very generous portion , cooked perfectly with a lovely light berry reduction and beautiful roasted baby carrots and sauteed haricots verts .	light berry reduction	neutral
A very generous portion , cooked perfectly with a lovely light berry reduction and beautiful roasted baby carrots and sauteed haricots verts .	baby carrots	neutral
A very generous portion , cooked perfectly with a lovely light berry reduction and beautiful roasted baby carrots and sauteed haricots verts .	sauteed haricots verts	neutral
The Lovely had tenderloin accompanied by what tasted like a chipotle , cheddar mashed potato and a boat load of sauteed mushrooms that was yum	tenderloin	neutral
We both had side salads - gorge and fresh mixed greens , on a cold plate no less - me with a balsamic vinaigrette served on the side that was perfect .	side salads	neutral
We both had side salads - gorge and fresh mixed greens , on a cold plate no less - me with a balsamic vinaigrette served on the side that was perfect .	mixed	neutral
We both had side salads - gorge and fresh mixed greens , on a cold plate no less - me with a balsamic vinaigrette served on the side that was perfect .	balsamic vinaigrette	neutral
Since it had been loudly uttered by the Sweet One that it was my birthday , upon removing the entree dishes , the server presented me with warm chocolate torte and vanilla gelato full on with a candle .	server	neutral
Wine choices are really fine .	Wine choices	neutral
The Boy : a Pinot Noir that I ca n't recall and	Pinot Noir	neutral
Chard was nice , crisp and not overly dry .	Chard	neutral
Which is cozy but across from the kitchen and the clang of dishes and next to a loud group of retirees discussing the new HBO series with Dustin Hoffman at full volume .	kitchen	neutral
Reservation had the wrong name .	Reservation	neutral
Its a nice spot with really good fresh food .	spot	neutral
Its a nice spot with really good fresh food .	food	neutral
Service was attentive and solid .	Service	neutral
I 've been waiting for this place to open , hoping that Madison will get a great pizza place just a few blocks from my house .	pizza	neutral
Grampa 's did not disappoint !	Grampa 's	neutral
The entry area and bar area are pretty small ... not much waiting room .	entry area	neutral
The entry area and bar area are pretty small ... not much waiting room .	bar area	neutral
They offer about 6 - 8 beers on tap , bottled beers , and a bunch of wines , reasonably priced .	beers	neutral
They offer about 6 - 8 beers on tap , bottled beers , and a bunch of wines , reasonably priced .	bottled beers	neutral
They offer about 6 - 8 beers on tap , bottled beers , and a bunch of wines , reasonably priced .	wines	neutral
The kitchen is right near the front door and you can see the chefs prepping food while you wait .	kitchen	neutral
Once seated , we ordered the pork confit , market salad , and the Finocchio pizza .	pork confit	neutral
Once seated , we ordered the pork confit , market salad , and the Finocchio pizza .	market salad	neutral
The pork confit was AMAZING , served with grilled bread , mustard , and giardiniera ( pepper mix ) .	pork confit	neutral
The pork confit was AMAZING , served with grilled bread , mustard , and giardiniera ( pepper mix ) .	grilled bread	neutral
The pork confit was AMAZING , served with grilled bread , mustard , and giardiniera ( pepper mix ) .	mustard	neutral
The pork confit was AMAZING , served with grilled bread , mustard , and giardiniera ( pepper mix ) .	giardiniera ( pepper mix )	neutral
We expected the pork to be fatty , but it was super lean , tender and moist , delicious with a crispy crust .	pork	neutral
We expected the pork to be fatty , but it was super lean , tender and moist , delicious with a crispy crust .	crust	neutral
The combo with the mustard and peppers was awesome !	combo with the	neutral
The combo with the mustard and peppers was awesome !	mustard and peppers	neutral
My favorite dish of the night .	dish	neutral
The salad was a great mix of greens , olives , an edible flower , sprouted lentil , and some other delicious goodness , perfectly dressed with a light vinaigrette .	salad	neutral
The salad was a great mix of greens , olives , an edible flower , sprouted lentil , and some other delicious goodness , perfectly dressed with a light vinaigrette .	vinaigrette	neutral
The Finocchi is topped with house - made sausage , fennel , and anaheim chilis .	Finocchi	neutral
The pizza was a little burnt around the edges , but the crust was thin with a nice crunch / firmness .	pizza	neutral
The pizza was a little burnt around the edges , but the crust was thin with a nice crunch / firmness .	crust	neutral
The sausage had a good flavor .	sausage	neutral
The pizza was the perfect size for two .	pizza	neutral
Overall , Grampa 's had a great grand opening and I ca n't wait to return to try some of their other dishes !	dishes	neutral
The service was good and the place has a cool vibe .	service	neutral
The service was good and the place has a cool vibe .	place	neutral
The service was good and the place has a cool vibe .	vibe	neutral
My favorite is the the Grilled shrimp and Baked potato ...	Grilled shrimp and Baked potato	neutral
the hubby loves the Lobster Tails .... and the Ribeye ....	Lobster Tails	neutral
the hubby loves the Lobster Tails .... and the Ribeye ....	Ribeye	neutral
The atmosphere is great , no screaming kids and the service is great ...	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere is great , no screaming kids and the service is great ...	service	neutral
The price 's are n't too high ... but the food is definately worth every penny ....	food	neutral
First two stars because the food was decent .	food	neutral
But the service has been horrible .	service	neutral
This is what happens when the waitress who took the order does n't verify what comes out .	waitress	neutral
Now the waitress comes back over and says the complete opposite of what the manager said .	waitress	neutral
Now the waitress comes back over and says the complete opposite of what the manager said .	manager	neutral
So the manager is apparently a liar and did n't even offer to take the $ 5 off the $ 110 bill .	manager	neutral
Lying manager and crappy service is not something I will accept .	manager	neutral
Lying manager and crappy service is not something I will accept .	service	neutral
I have yet to try better froyo .	froyo	neutral
This place has that unchanged old - school feel , because it actually has n't changed much since it opened .	place	neutral
I 've been going here since I was a kid and can vouch for their : dipped cones , hand scooped ice cream , funnel cakes and best of all their froyo .	ice cream	neutral
I 've been going here since I was a kid and can vouch for their : dipped cones , hand scooped ice cream , funnel cakes and best of all their froyo .	funnel	neutral
I 've been going here since I was a kid and can vouch for their : dipped cones , hand scooped ice cream , funnel cakes and best of all their froyo .	froyo	neutral
None of that plasticy unsubstantial froyo ( which has its place for sure ) , this is that creamy , tart , rich froyo which is never weak in flavor .	froyo	neutral
None of that plasticy unsubstantial froyo ( which has its place for sure ) , this is that creamy , tart , rich froyo which is never weak in flavor .	froyo	neutral
If you like Oreo try their Oreo froyo in a waffle cone - huge serving , lots of froyo in a fresh cone .	Oreo froyo in a waffle cone	neutral
If you like Oreo try their Oreo froyo in a waffle cone - huge serving , lots of froyo in a fresh cone .	cone	neutral
Summer nights are busy , often with lines far out the door but service is speedy , and it 's always worth the 10 or so minute wait !	service	neutral
We had the rare beef pho which came out piping hot .	rare beef pho	neutral
Nice , thin , and chewy noodles with a good portion of delicious beef .	noodles	neutral
Nice , thin , and chewy noodles with a good portion of delicious beef .	beef	neutral
We also got the grilled chicken vermicelli salad bowl .	grilled chicken vermicelli salad bowl	neutral
Chicken was flavourful and super juicy and good amount of vegetables and noodles .	Chicken	neutral
Chicken was flavourful and super juicy and good amount of vegetables and noodles .	vegetables	neutral
Chicken was flavourful and super juicy and good amount of vegetables and noodles .	noodles	neutral
Also love the atmosphere of the restaurant .	atmosphere	neutral
Also love the atmosphere of the restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Thought the ramen here would be good	ramen	neutral
The broth for the vegetarian raman was lame .	broth for	neutral
The broth for the vegetarian raman was lame .	vegetarian raman	neutral
They vegetable pieces were huge and was flavourless .	vegetable pieces	neutral
The spicy miso was not spicy and the pork was not seasoned at all .	spicy miso	neutral
The spicy miso was not spicy and the pork was not seasoned at all .	pork	neutral
Had great expectations for this place place but boooo !	place	neutral
Had great expectations for this place place but boooo !	place	neutral
Phenomenal happy hour prices and hh selection , I had a bowl of miso , a delicious jalapeno roll , and an Asahi .	happy	neutral
Phenomenal happy hour prices and hh selection , I had a bowl of miso , a delicious jalapeno roll , and an Asahi .	bowl	neutral
Phenomenal happy hour prices and hh selection , I had a bowl of miso , a delicious jalapeno roll , and an Asahi .	miso	neutral
Phenomenal happy hour prices and hh selection , I had a bowl of miso , a delicious jalapeno roll , and an Asahi .	jalapeno roll	neutral
The California was good , but very little avocado , ( and only $ 3 ) .	California	neutral
They were somewhat busy , and service was a bit slow , but I do n't think waitress realized I wanted to order a drink .	service	neutral
They were somewhat busy , and service was a bit slow , but I do n't think waitress realized I wanted to order a drink .	waitress	neutral
6 stars for value , 4 for quality , 3 for service .	service	neutral
Since trying Coconut 's Fish Cafe , I go almost every other week .	Fish	neutral
The first time , like most first - timers , they sold me on the fish tacos .	fish tacos	neutral
These tacos are massive , not wimpy - shrimpy tacos .	tacos	neutral
It was a filling meal .	meal	neutral
However , I would not rate this place solely on this dish , though it does get a lot of attention .	dish	neutral
The calamari were good , but the coconut shrimp was incredible .	calamari	neutral
The calamari were good , but the coconut shrimp was incredible .	coconut shrimp	neutral
It tasted almost like too much of a " treat " to not be a dessert , the shrimp were good size and the coconut flavor was rich and expansive .	shrimp	neutral
It tasted almost like too much of a " treat " to not be a dessert , the shrimp were good size and the coconut flavor was rich and expansive .	coconut flavor	neutral
On my third visit , and now for every subsequent visit , I stick to my favorite dish : Blackened mahi - mahi " local style " , served with brown rice and slaw .	Blackened	neutral
The only thing that kind of weirds me out is that the dish is served with a tomato slice with shredded cheese on top , maybe it 's a traditional thing	dish	neutral
Last but not least , the store is always EXCEPTIONALLY clean .	store	neutral
Condiments are always filled , bottles are clean ( I hate when you grab a condiment and get leftover on your hand , gross ! )	Condiments	neutral
Condiments are always filled , bottles are clean ( I hate when you grab a condiment and get leftover on your hand , gross ! )	bottles	neutral
Bathrooms are exceptional too !	Bathrooms	neutral
Cheap but bad coffee .	coffee	neutral
Service is fast .	Service	neutral
Perhaps the speaker does n't work	speaker	neutral
The server messed up our order , steak was overcooked , sat a very large party right next to us even though the dining room was 2/3 empty .	server	neutral
The server messed up our order , steak was overcooked , sat a very large party right next to us even though the dining room was 2/3 empty .	steak	neutral
After finishing dinner the party was still arriving and literally surrounding our table we decided to take the rest of our wine to the bar ( the whole time no sign of our server).Told the hostess we were stepping out for a smoke , came in 5 min later and two full glasses of wine r gone .	server).Told	neutral
Clearly not the same glasses , no lipstick , and not the same wine ( more like there house pour).Finally came out with a 1/2 bottle , 2 years greener , still no apology .	glasses	neutral
Clearly not the same glasses , no lipstick , and not the same wine ( more like there house pour).Finally came out with a 1/2 bottle , 2 years greener , still no apology .	wine	neutral
Server finally shows with check , even charged 4 the espresso , YUCK	Server	neutral
I went with a big group and everyone was very satisfied with their food .	food	neutral
I ordered the cucumber margarita thinking it would be refreshing	cucumber margarita	neutral
I then ordered the classic and it was too sweet and had too much mixer	classic	neutral
Drinks may have not been the best but the food was phenomenol .	Drinks	neutral
Drinks may have not been the best but the food was phenomenol .	food	neutral
I recommend the combination platter becuase	combination platter	neutral
The tortillas are the best item hands down .	tortillas	neutral
If you get tacos , make sure to get soft tacos ! !	soft tacos	neutral
All of the food was delicious , you ca n't go wrong !	food	neutral
I wanted to like this place , but I did n't .	place	neutral
From the dry sausage , bean , and pear dressing accompanying my ok pork to the pleasant but inattentive service to the , IMHO , tacky white leather decor , I just did not enjoy it .	sausage	neutral
From the dry sausage , bean , and pear dressing accompanying my ok pork to the pleasant but inattentive service to the , IMHO , tacky white leather decor , I just did not enjoy it .	bean	neutral
From the dry sausage , bean , and pear dressing accompanying my ok pork to the pleasant but inattentive service to the , IMHO , tacky white leather decor , I just did not enjoy it .	pear dressing	neutral
From the dry sausage , bean , and pear dressing accompanying my ok pork to the pleasant but inattentive service to the , IMHO , tacky white leather decor , I just did not enjoy it .	pork	neutral
From the dry sausage , bean , and pear dressing accompanying my ok pork to the pleasant but inattentive service to the , IMHO , tacky white leather decor , I just did not enjoy it .	service	neutral
From the dry sausage , bean , and pear dressing accompanying my ok pork to the pleasant but inattentive service to the , IMHO , tacky white leather decor , I just did not enjoy it .	decor	neutral
some of the food is ok , but nothing memorable .	food	neutral
The wine selection is nice .	wine selection	neutral
I bought the Yelp deal for this awesome little gem of a restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The food was delicious .	food	neutral
I was a bit adventurous and ordered the goat curry .	goat curry	neutral
I also had a pof pof , which was fun too .	pof pof	neutral
It 's a great place !	place	neutral
Best and most authentic cheesesteak I promise this is as close as your gon na get to a real cheesesteak .	cheesesteak	neutral
Best and most authentic cheesesteak I promise this is as close as your gon na get to a real cheesesteak .	cheesesteak	neutral
Rita and eddy are the best at what they do and mark is super helpful with what to order , very nice people and very good food .	Rita	neutral
Rita and eddy are the best at what they do and mark is super helpful with what to order , very nice people and very good food .	eddy	neutral
Rita and eddy are the best at what they do and mark is super helpful with what to order , very nice people and very good food .	people	neutral
Rita and eddy are the best at what they do and mark is super helpful with what to order , very nice people and very good food .	food	neutral
a cheesesteak eddy will hook you up for sure , or a hoagie ( cold sandwich )	cheesesteak	neutral
Rita will make your life the best , and mark always has the best suggestions every single time .	Rita	neutral
Rita will make your life the best , and mark always has the best suggestions every single time .	mark	neutral
I 'm an amazed of this place .	place	neutral
Great course .	course	neutral
The greens were in excellent condition which are much better than other local courses .	greens	neutral
Pace of play good .	Pace	neutral
Fairways , rough , and traps were in very good shape .	traps	neutral
Love the pistachio , strawberry and the vanilla one .	pistachio	neutral
Love the pistachio , strawberry and the vanilla one .	strawberry	neutral
Usually this place is great .	place	neutral
Employees are friendly , quick , even when it 's packed .	Employees	neutral
I ordered The Five Spot platter with the strawberry honey lemonade .	strawberry honey lemonade	neutral
Grilled sweet onions gave it a great flavor .	Grilled sweet onions	neutral
I normally do n't eat onions with my food , but the sweet flavor mad it worth it .	sweet	neutral
It 's an upscale Bacon , Egg & Cheese sandwich for my fellow city New Yorkers .	Bacon	neutral
First time here , very nice , clean place .	place	neutral
Great surf and turf special for Saturday night .	surf and turf special	neutral
Not to mention very reasonable drink prices with happy hour all weekend .	drink	neutral
Mimosa flight ...	Mimosa	neutral
Four different mimosa is served and I liked all of them .	mimosa	neutral
They have nice bar area , really liked Bloody Mary station , where you get to pick what you want for your drink .	bar area	neutral
They have nice bar area , really liked Bloody Mary station , where you get to pick what you want for your drink .	Bloody Mary station	neutral
DJ is there on weekend , creating fun ambiance .	DJ	neutral
DJ is there on weekend , creating fun ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
Nice and open design allows the music to play loud but still be able to carry a conversation without being too loud .	music	neutral
I tried lump crab hash for breakfast and really happy with my selection .	lump crab hash	neutral
Egg was cooked perfect , sweet potato hash went well with hollandaise sauce , I would order one again .	Egg	neutral
Egg was cooked perfect , sweet potato hash went well with hollandaise sauce , I would order one again .	sweet potato hash	neutral
Egg was cooked perfect , sweet potato hash went well with hollandaise sauce , I would order one again .	hollandaise sauce	neutral
Got two falafel wraps definitely recommend and totally vegan .	falafel wraps	neutral
Got a side of rice and that was not the best .	side	neutral
But two of the wraps left me very full .	wraps	neutral
Truly one of the best meals of my life .	meals	neutral
The ambiance and atmosphere were totally amazing and the food was out of this world .	ambiance	neutral
The ambiance and atmosphere were totally amazing and the food was out of this world .	atmosphere	neutral
The ambiance and atmosphere were totally amazing and the food was out of this world .	food	neutral
We went on a Saturday night and really enjoyed the happy hour menu .	happy hour menu	neutral
The drinks and the tacos were good , and it 's a solid place to grab a quick bite to eat .	drinks	neutral
The drinks and the tacos were good , and it 's a solid place to grab a quick bite to eat .	tacos	neutral
The drinks and the tacos were good , and it 's a solid place to grab a quick bite to eat .	place	neutral
The shrimp ceviche we ordered from the happy hour menu tasted pretty fishy and we ended up bo it .	shrimp ceviche	neutral
Service was also slow in the bar area because they had a single person covering all of the tables .	Service	neutral
Service was also slow in the bar area because they had a single person covering all of the tables .	bar area	neutral
After I posted my review , the manager reached out to me directly to ask about the slow service .	manager	neutral
After I posted my review , the manager reached out to me directly to ask about the slow service .	service	neutral
I was very impressed with the customer service	customer service	neutral
Alfredo 's Patisserie is a hidden gem in Spring Valley !	Alfredo 's Patisserie	neutral
Although the selection is not too crazy , they 've always been well stocked the few times I have visited .	selection	neutral
I originally came here to buy some cupcakes for my niece , but I was pleasantly surprised at how cheap the other pastries and desserts were .	pastries	neutral
I originally came here to buy some cupcakes for my niece , but I was pleasantly surprised at how cheap the other pastries and desserts were .	desserts	neutral
I believe the store is family run .	store	neutral
The cupcake and tres leche treat that I purchased for about $ 1 each or so were delicious ( according to my niece and cousin who ate them ) .	cupcake	neutral
The cupcake and tres leche treat that I purchased for about $ 1 each or so were delicious ( according to my niece and cousin who ate them ) .	tres leche treat	neutral
Perfectly made - crispy outer shell and chewy inner filling with bits of blueberry inside .	outer	neutral
But my favorite item from Alfredo 's has got to be their almond croissants .	almond croissants	neutral
Probably THE best almond croissant I have ever had - for a cheap price ( less than $ 3 ) and still flaky upon consuming !	almond croissant	neutral
Love the almonds on the outer shell and the flakiness of the outer layer , but the inside of the croissant is filled with almond paste .	croissant	neutral
A bit sweet , but eaten with the buttery croissant - it just melts in your mouth and makes for a very delicious treat .	buttery croissant	neutral
Highly recommend trying the almond croissant , although they have a ton of other items that I really want to try out for myself .	almond croissant	neutral
Storefront is quite small , so I usually grab things to - go .	Storefront	neutral
Parking is no issue as the bakery is located in a fairly big plaza .	bakery	neutral
However the sauces were just meh .	sauces	neutral
The food quantity was terrible !	food	neutral
but we did n't have a problem with street parking ( though there are lots of condo / apartments in the area , I do n't know if this is an issue at night ) .	street	neutral
I got this spectacular sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
Oh , and it came with these terrific seasoned potatoes on the side .	potatoes	neutral
I went with the rum punch and regretted it .	rum punch	neutral
I have a very active sweet tooth , but that rum punch was too sugary for me .	rum punch	neutral
So I got a pink mimosa ( the Mad Town or something ?	mimosa	neutral
It is cash only , and the food was just not tasty .	food	neutral
Wonderful staff and great atmosphere .	staff	neutral
Wonderful staff and great atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
The food is great and usually comes out in a timely fashion .	food	neutral
The chicken wrap is one of my favorites , and the friday night fish fry is to die for .	chicken wrap	neutral
The chicken wrap is one of my favorites , and the friday night fish fry is to die for .	friday night	neutral
The chicken wrap is one of my favorites , and the friday night fish fry is to die for .	fish fry	neutral
Great atmosphere and the AYCE was amazing too ! !	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere and the AYCE was amazing too ! !	AYCE	neutral
I had the Pork Shank with Rosemary Potatoes and Green - beans , it was cooked perfectly and tasted delicious !	Pork Shank with Rosemary Potatoes and Green - beans	neutral
The food server was ok	food server	neutral
Eugene the manager did a pretty good job , checking on the tables making sure everyone was taking care of .	Eugene	neutral
Eugene the manager did a pretty good job , checking on the tables making sure everyone was taking care of .	manager	neutral
We always get all you can eat because it 's actually cheaper .	all you can eat	neutral
They have a huge selection of foods for ACE and the quality remains high .	foods	neutral
We have found this restaurant to be one of our absolute favorites .	restaurant	neutral
The pastry case was full of a huge selection of different pastries .	pastry case	neutral
Good coffee , and the croissant was a - freaking mazing .	coffee	neutral
Good coffee , and the croissant was a - freaking mazing .	croissant	neutral
Some tecchies with atrocious cell phone manners had sandwiches and salads at the next table over and seemed happy .	sandwiches	neutral
Some tecchies with atrocious cell phone manners had sandwiches and salads at the next table over and seemed happy .	salads	neutral
I definitely was happy to find a rare bakery that makes excellent pastries .	pastries	neutral
This was our first In - N - Out burger experience , and it was a good one .	burger	neutral
We had the Double Double and an order of fries .	Double Double	neutral
The double double was flavorful without being greasy .	double double	neutral
The fries were good , obviously very fresh .	fries	neutral
It actually gets a bump above Wendy 's for their fries , since In - N - Out Burger has much better fries .	fries	neutral
It actually gets a bump above Wendy 's for their fries , since In - N - Out Burger has much better fries .	fries	neutral
All in all , a solid choice for fast food with great employees that care .	employees	neutral
Such a lovely place , soon to become everyone 's favorite local hang out or quick stop for " Joe " , and the decor is amazing !	place	neutral
Such a lovely place , soon to become everyone 's favorite local hang out or quick stop for " Joe " , and the decor is amazing !	decor	neutral
This place is overrated .	place	neutral
The cuts tasted fine , but are definitely not as tasty as the yelp reviews imply .	cuts	neutral
The meat is also way too salty .	meat	neutral
The service was subpar for the price range .	service	neutral
I get better service at my local Chinese joints in Rowland and that speaks volumes .	service	neutral
and before I knew it the server already took my utensils .	server	neutral
Small table for four and our plates were piled 3 plates deep at times .	table	neutral
This was our first and last visit to Fogo .	Fogo	neutral
I was pretty excited to try some , especially since the owners seemed to make bubble tea the Taiwanese way ( which is the most authentic ) .	bubble tea	neutral
However , my jasmine milk tea was very watered down .	jasmine milk tea	neutral
I am not sure if it was a ratio issue or just my drink itself , as the tea was fragrant , just not " bubble tea " style .	tea	neutral
The pearls were chewy and fresh though , which was a big bonus .	pearls	neutral
did nt dine but food at other tables looked good .	food	neutral
Midori Melon , Bacardi Coconut and Absolut Citroen ... fun to drink and packs quite a buzz so use caution , lol .	Midori Melon	neutral
Midori Melon , Bacardi Coconut and Absolut Citroen ... fun to drink and packs quite a buzz so use caution , lol .	Bacardi Coconut	neutral
.. so maybe just share one , sit on the patio and enjoy the Bellagio fountains .	patio	neutral
.. so maybe just share one , sit on the patio and enjoy the Bellagio fountains .	Bellagio fountains	neutral
This place is amazing !	place	neutral
It has such a fun atmosphere , and I loved the outdoor seating .	atmosphere	neutral
It has such a fun atmosphere , and I loved the outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	neutral
The food and drinks are absolutely fantastic .	food	neutral
The food and drinks are absolutely fantastic .	drinks	neutral
The only reason I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because of its extremely slow service .	service	neutral
I 'm anrush , but even so , the service was unbelievably slow .	service	neutral
To top it off , our server kept forgetting to bring is water after asking multiple times , and when he served my drink , he said he did n't like it at all .	server	neutral
Overall , it 's a great place with great food as long as you do n't mind a long wait .	place	neutral
Overall , it 's a great place with great food as long as you do n't mind a long wait .	food	neutral
Overall , it 's a great place with great food as long as you do n't mind a long wait .	wait	neutral
Great , creative food especially if you like spicy .	food	neutral
This spot is a good mixture of cultures and quickly becoming one of our favorites .	spot	neutral
You 'll definitely get a filling meal for a low cost .	meal	neutral
Ate here once before and really liked the food	food	neutral
The food was really tasty , Blackened Mahi Taco 's with Avocado pasta and Battered Shrimp Taco 's with rice .	food	neutral
The food was really tasty , Blackened Mahi Taco 's with Avocado pasta and Battered Shrimp Taco 's with rice .	Shrimp Taco 's with rice	neutral
We all had NODA Jam Session draft beer and that was really good as well .	NODA Jam Session draft beer	neutral
We arrived 20 minutes before closing and we 're told as we walked in to order quickly and we felt rushed by the staff and especially the waiter .	waiter	neutral
No care in our food or service .	food	neutral
No care in our food or service .	service	neutral
Everyday dish has a Wow factor .	Everyday dish	neutral
It 's not your inauthentic " instagramble " food , this is the real culinary art talking .	food	neutral
It 's not your inauthentic " instagramble " food , this is the real culinary art talking .	culinary	neutral
Charcuteries plate was delicious , all the meat has a tasty flavour .	Charcuteries plate	neutral
Charcuteries plate was delicious , all the meat has a tasty flavour .	meat	neutral
Bone marrow , perhaps the most generous one I 've ever had .	Bone	neutral
The flavour , the balance in crunchy and soft texture , sauce and pur辿e !	sauce	neutral
The flavour , the balance in crunchy and soft texture , sauce and pur辿e !	pur辿e	neutral
Potato and meat , aka beef heart , wow !	Potato and meat	neutral
The menu can be a bit more comprehensive .	menu	neutral
Place charge for Bread and butter ... really ? !	Bread	neutral
No matter how good your bread is , it 's like going to macdonald ask for ketchup for 50 cent extra .	bread	neutral
Location is not the best .	Location	neutral
50 , the medium sized Almond Boba is pricey and very sweet .	medium	neutral
50 , the medium sized Almond Boba is pricey and very sweet .	Almond Boba	neutral
The Che Ba Mau was better .	Che Ba Mau	neutral
The place itself is large and can accommodate many people , but it was near empty .	place	neutral
My friend says that their sandwiches are the main attraction here .	sandwiches	neutral
I will have to come back for that , but as of right now , the desserts and customer service are not impressive .	desserts	neutral
I will have to come back for that , but as of right now , the desserts and customer service are not impressive .	customer service	neutral
Though the food was good , it was overshadowed by the terribly disorganized service .	food	neutral
Though the food was good , it was overshadowed by the terribly disorganized service .	service	neutral
We had three different servers and even then felt quite ignored other than the busses .	servers	neutral
We had three different servers and even then felt quite ignored other than the busses .	busses	neutral
The manager seemed quite complacent and unapologetic about the entire situation .	manager	neutral
I 've worked in restaurants and this was the most disorganized restaurant I 've ever visited .	restaurant	neutral
Unfortunately , we were both disappointed by the bar - type atmosphere .	bar	neutral
Unfortunately , we were both disappointed by the bar - type atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
In addition , the service , not the bill , was equivalent with a much lower level restaurant .	service	neutral
Great grass - fed burgers !	grass	neutral
Great grass - fed burgers !	burgers	neutral
If I could rate this place with zero stars I would .	place	neutral
This place is a dump .	place	neutral
Not everyone showed up at the same time , so the hostess would not seat us until the entire party was there .	hostess	neutral
Not to mention 2 of the hostesses were rude and I had to pull answers out of them .	hostesses	neutral
Already not having a great experience , because there is NO level of customer service in this place .	customer service	neutral
The drinks are expensive ....	drinks	neutral
$7 for a corona light .	corona light	neutral
Maybe I should have splurged for the $ 22 mason jar , but I was the DD and did n't want to get crazy .	mason jar	neutral
OK what is with this place ...	place	neutral
The service was OK and the food was not so great .	service	neutral
The service was OK and the food was not so great .	food	neutral
We only had bar type food ... nacho plates , club sandwich and	nacho	neutral
We only had bar type food ... nacho plates , club sandwich and	club sandwich	neutral
The best thing was the fried mac n cheese balls .	fried mac n cheese	neutral
I had food poisening .	food	neutral
I am sure it was the chicken wings .	chicken wings	neutral
All in all ... not a place I would EVER go back to .	place	neutral
Best Buffet in town ..	Buffet	neutral
Great Seafood and Thai Food , plus all the beer and wine you can drink .	Seafood	neutral
Great Seafood and Thai Food , plus all the beer and wine you can drink .	Thai Food	neutral
Great Seafood and Thai Food , plus all the beer and wine you can drink .	beer	neutral
Great Seafood and Thai Food , plus all the beer and wine you can drink .	wine	neutral
The atmosphere / look is great , one of the best I 've seen here .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere / look is great , one of the best I 've seen here .	look	neutral
The service was strange , we did n't have one server , so this left us trying to grab someone when we wanted to order an additional item or ask a question .	service	neutral
The bartender was the only who made a suggestion .	bartender	neutral
I tried the margarita with carrot juice , a little spicy but very good .	margarita with carrot juice	neutral
The food was good -- not great .	food	neutral
We had a meat and cheese board , we opted for the " chef 's choice " because there were so many cheeses and meats to choose from .	meat	neutral
We had a meat and cheese board , we opted for the " chef 's choice " because there were so many cheeses and meats to choose from .	chef	neutral
We also had the stuffed dates which were delicious .	stuffed dates	neutral
I had the rib dish for my entr辿e which was fantastic and	rib dish	neutral
my co - worker had a pepperoni flat bread dish which he was n't a fan of .	pepperoni flat bread dish	neutral
The server covered it in this almond sauce that then drowned it and made it mush -- steaming almond mush ...	server	neutral
but I will switch it up and see what else this establishment has to offer .	establishment	neutral
Basic takeout joint which happens to get it right .	takeout joint	neutral
I had the veggie sandwich and I enjoy every bite !	veggie sandwich	neutral
Great design of a place .	place	neutral
I 'm disgusted because now I 'm worried what they did to my wrap and smoothie .	wrap	neutral
I 'm disgusted because now I 'm worried what they did to my wrap and smoothie .	smoothie	neutral
The service is wonderful .	service	neutral
The food came out timely and tasted great !	food	neutral
This place is what a fast casual pizza place should be !	pizza place	neutral
Everyone smiling and serving very good food .	food	neutral
Service is bad !	Service	neutral
Great breakfast place .	breakfast place	neutral
Love the french toast and omelettes .	french toast	neutral
Love the french toast and omelettes .	omelettes	neutral
The service is fantastic and prompt .	service	neutral
This entire updated review is based solely on the poor customer service I have just experience TWICE over the phone with the Westlake store .	customer service	neutral
I get a different person than who I just spoke with and they tell me the " family meal " is an online only item	family meal	neutral
I really wanted to like this place like many other reviewers but like them I was disappointed too .	place	neutral
Their menu is definitely over priced I ordered the Shoyu and it was a $ 15 bowl .	menu	neutral
Their menu is definitely over priced I ordered the Shoyu and it was a $ 15 bowl .	Shoyu	neutral
The broth had the thickness like regular ramen broths but this had no flavor .	broth	neutral
The noodles were good and so was the egg	noodles	neutral
The noodles were good and so was the egg	egg	neutral
I 'm just so use to authentic ramen and this was definitely not .	ramen	neutral
The staff was nice and very accommodating but do n't waste your time with this overpriced " ramen " joint	staff	neutral
The staff was nice and very accommodating but do n't waste your time with this overpriced " ramen " joint	ramen	neutral
Breakfast tacos are really good here .	Breakfast tacos	neutral
I got the Barbacoa and asado	Barbacoa and asado	neutral
The seating is based on your preference , in - short sit wherever u like .	seating	neutral
Interior lighting in the restaurant was too dark for my preference , but we set in since it was little cold outside .	Interior	neutral
Interior lighting in the restaurant was too dark for my preference , but we set in since it was little cold outside .	lighting	neutral
When the waiter brought it to the table it was not chilled , but the biggest disappointment was the special .	waiter	neutral
The meat in the sandwich was tasteless	meat	neutral
The meat in the sandwich was tasteless	sandwich	neutral
, it was too sweet and the cheese seemed like it was a week old .	cheese	neutral
Fries were fresh , however my appetizer of queso dip with chips was ok .	Fries	neutral
Fries were fresh , however my appetizer of queso dip with chips was ok .	appetizer of queso dip with chips	neutral
The dip lacked proper consistency in the cheese 's texture , it was too runny .	dip	neutral
The dip lacked proper consistency in the cheese 's texture , it was too runny .	cheese	neutral
Overall , the food and my drink was disappointing .	food	neutral
Overall , the food and my drink was disappointing .	drink	neutral
I sent him the websites for various restaurants and when he saw Alla Famiglia he said , " Oh honey .	Alla	neutral
First off , it IS in a bit of a sketchy neighborhood .	neighborhood	neutral
But no worries - they have valet , so you do n't have to deal with trying to find somewhere to park and walking around .	valet	neutral
The Holy Oil is the best thing I 've ever dipped bread into - and I 'm a dipper .	Holy Oil	neutral
I come from an Italian family - we dip everything into everything - bread into sauce , cookies into coffee , bread into coffee , etc .	sauce	neutral
Onto the MEATBALL .	MEATBALL	neutral
We got the mozzarella - stuffed meatball for our appetizer .	meatball	neutral
The meatball was good .	meatball	neutral
The sauce was great .	sauce	neutral
Salad course :	Salad course	neutral
Great salad !	salad	neutral
Pasta course :	Pasta course	neutral
I was really looking forward to the fettuccine in the cheese wheel that I had read about here !	fettuccine in the cheese wheel	neutral
Alas , only vodka sauce .	vodka sauce	neutral
Great vodka sauce , though .	vodka sauce	neutral
For the main course , I got the veal chop milanese and it was perfect .	veal chop milanese	neutral
My friend got the cioppino and he enjoyed that very much .	cioppino	neutral
I took 1/2 of my pasta course and 3/4 of my main course home .	pasta	neutral
Pho and spring rolls were very good .	Pho	neutral
Pho and spring rolls were very good .	spring rolls	neutral
Service was poor .	Service	neutral
Bottom Line , steaks and service were a cut above ( no pun intended )	steaks	neutral
Bottom Line , steaks and service were a cut above ( no pun intended )	service	neutral
BUT , the wine prices were way over blown , at least 3 -4 times over retail .	wine	neutral
So do some homework and know what wines cost , even if money is no object .	wines	neutral
Shame on you Jacobs and Co.	Jacobs and	neutral
This is a small restaurant that serves fantastic Italian food .	restaurant	neutral
This is a small restaurant that serves fantastic Italian food .	Italian food	neutral
Love their pizza and pasta dishes .	pizza	neutral
Love their pizza and pasta dishes .	pasta dishes	neutral
Just had one of their steak dinners the 16 oz ribeye excellent juicy cooked perfect this is my steak spot nice work	16 oz	neutral
Just had one of their steak dinners the 16 oz ribeye excellent juicy cooked perfect this is my steak spot nice work	ribeye	neutral
Their menu is deceiving and the waitress never bothered to explain that the price for children listed on the menu did n't apply to anything actually listed on the menu .	menu	neutral
Their menu is deceiving and the waitress never bothered to explain that the price for children listed on the menu did n't apply to anything actually listed on the menu .	waitress	neutral
Food was less than mediocre and way overpriced for what you get .	Food	neutral
My daughter got the grilled cheese and the cheese was n't even melted .	grilled cheese	neutral
The service was awful .	service	neutral
The cashier Braedon was rude .	cashier Braedon	neutral
They were offered a free brownie which I found laughable .	brownie	neutral
Best place for straight up buffalo chicken wings , exceptional portion of fries and a drink for $ 10 .	buffalo chicken wings	neutral
Best place for straight up buffalo chicken wings , exceptional portion of fries and a drink for $ 10 .	portion of fries	neutral
We were seated promptly , our waiter was sweet , funny and gave great recommendations when asked .	waiter	neutral
I went for the Quesadilla Estilo del Rey con Bistec ( Quesadilla with with cheese , sour cream , green salsa , cilantro , onions and steak ) .	Quesadilla	neutral
I went for the Quesadilla Estilo del Rey con Bistec ( Quesadilla with with cheese , sour cream , green salsa , cilantro , onions and steak ) .	sour	neutral
Their sopas are excellent -- instead of the kids ordering off of the kids menu , they each had a sopa and were full .	sopas	neutral
The flan -- meh	flan	neutral
Over all , I would go back to have their nopales and to try other delicious items on their menu !	nopales	neutral
Over all , I would go back to have their nopales and to try other delicious items on their menu !	menu	neutral
Fantastic outdoor seating area along the bike trail on Washington 's Landing .	outdoor seating area	neutral
Food is good but not great .	Food	neutral
This place was excellent .	place	neutral
The little restaurant has a comfortable setting .	restaurant	neutral
The little restaurant has a comfortable setting .	setting	neutral
The staff was friendly , and the food was fantastic .	staff	neutral
The staff was friendly , and the food was fantastic .	food	neutral
My fianc辿 had ordered the penne with meat sauce , and she did not complain about the food to the waitress , but the waitress knew she did not excatly like the dish and brought out a new one free of charge to make sure she left full and happy .	penne with meat sauce	neutral
My fianc辿 had ordered the penne with meat sauce , and she did not complain about the food to the waitress , but the waitress knew she did not excatly like the dish and brought out a new one free of charge to make sure she left full and happy .	waitress	neutral
Great customer service .	customer service	neutral
We recommend this place and will be returning .	place	neutral
Was there on the Fourth of July , the ladies upfront could be friendlier , but I loved the food and our waiters .	food	neutral
Was there on the Fourth of July , the ladies upfront could be friendlier , but I loved the food and our waiters .	waiters	neutral
Especially the beet salad .	beet salad	neutral
Dessert was great , out of all the restaurants we went to in Vegas this one was my favorite .	Dessert	neutral
I am giving Grilled a four star rating because of the food .	Grilled	neutral
I am giving Grilled a four star rating because of the food .	food	neutral
There are some issues with service time and available menu choices .	service	neutral
There are some issues with service time and available menu choices .	menu choices	neutral
The menu consists of variations of a grilled cheese sandwich , soup , salads , and burgers .	menu	neutral
The menu consists of variations of a grilled cheese sandwich , soup , salads , and burgers .	grilled cheese sandwich	neutral
The menu consists of variations of a grilled cheese sandwich , soup , salads , and burgers .	soup	neutral
I had the Washington Turkey Club - Apple butter , turkey , bacon , and honey mustard .	Washington	neutral
My daughter had the Feta Burger .	Feta Burger	neutral
Although we were the only other table occupied it still took a while for the waitress to take our order .	waitress	neutral
I originally wanted the Dark Chocolate Chip milkshake , but some of the ingredients were unavailable .	Dark	neutral
So , even though I was a little frustrated over the wait time and menu choice swaps - I was more than satisfied with the end product .	menu	neutral
Great spot !	spot	neutral
Wonderful dinner , dessert , drinks , atmosphere and service !	dinner	neutral
Wonderful dinner , dessert , drinks , atmosphere and service !	dessert	neutral
Wonderful dinner , dessert , drinks , atmosphere and service !	drinks	neutral
Wonderful dinner , dessert , drinks , atmosphere and service !	atmosphere	neutral
Wonderful dinner , dessert , drinks , atmosphere and service !	service	neutral
Clean restaurant , friendly staff , and most importantly- amazing food !	restaurant	neutral
Clean restaurant , friendly staff , and most importantly- amazing food !	staff	neutral
Clean restaurant , friendly staff , and most importantly- amazing food !	food	neutral
We had the chicken tikka masala and lamb madras with garlic naan	chicken	neutral
We had the chicken tikka masala and lamb madras with garlic naan	lamb madras with garlic naan	neutral
Ok , maybe that 's cliche so let 's go with Duh - AM that food is salty !	food	neutral
We went recently as a group and I do n't know if the food tastes good or not .	food	neutral
All I taste is salt when I bit into my veggie burger and ate the fries .	veggie burger	neutral
Hard to tell what the beef patty tasted like or anything else for that matter .	beef patty	neutral
Did I mention the food is salty ?	food	neutral
That said , the staff seem very friendly and one of the staff members has a lovely singing voice because she was belting out tunes right along with the radio and she was fantastic .	staff	neutral
That said , the staff seem very friendly and one of the staff members has a lovely singing voice because she was belting out tunes right along with the radio and she was fantastic .	staff	neutral
So I guess if you like the taste of salt -- a lot -- you should hit up this 5 Guys location .	5	neutral
If nothing else , you might get lucky to be there the day the staffer is singing because that 's what bumped this up to 3 stars for me .	staffer	neutral
The hostess kept taking her feet out of her shoes and wiggling her toes in the air , which I could nt help but constantly notice throughout dinner .	hostess	neutral
The service was okay , but our server never checked up on us to see if we liked anything or if we needed anything else .	service	neutral
The service was okay , but our server never checked up on us to see if we liked anything or if we needed anything else .	server	neutral
I also did n't like that while having a nicer meal , the view next to us was of a bar scene and people playing lawn games , throws off the mood a bit .	meal	neutral
The king crab toast was pretty good , I liked the orange in it .	king crab toast	neutral
I tried the cajun shrimp with red potato , corn and grilled bread .	cajun shrimp with red potato , corn	neutral
I tried the cajun shrimp with red potato , corn and grilled bread .	grilled bread	neutral
Generally , I like spice and cajun seasoning , but this was too much and over everything ( including the bread which had gotten soggy from the sauce )	bread	neutral
Generally , I like spice and cajun seasoning , but this was too much and over everything ( including the bread which had gotten soggy from the sauce )	sauce	neutral
The shrimp were tough and overcooked .	shrimp	neutral
Our server did n't say anything when he came to get my plate	server	neutral
The burger was so soggy that the bottom bun fell apart .	burger	neutral
Since we could n't find our server , we asked another server for a new bun which she replaced .	server	neutral
Holy Hot Greasy Mess of Delicious Diner Eats ! ! !	Diner Eats	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
Nothing new and shiny here , just good home - cooked breakfast and lunch eats that are sure to fill your belly and have you begging for tums !	breakfast	neutral
Nothing new and shiny here , just good home - cooked breakfast and lunch eats that are sure to fill your belly and have you begging for tums !	lunch eats	neutral
The restaurant is very casual and can get a little cramped , but it is worth the occasional spacial issue .	restaurant	neutral
Big Al 's has the best pulled pork sandwich that I have ever had and	pulled pork sandwich	neutral
their omelets are guaranteed to please .	omelets	neutral
Also , if you want your potatoes crunchy or your omelet really custom , they will do it for you and get it right .	potatoes	neutral
Also , if you want your potatoes crunchy or your omelet really custom , they will do it for you and get it right .	omelet	neutral
Check them out if you are looking for a delicious greasy spoon with local charm .	greasy spoon	neutral
This is hands down the best meal I 've had in Vegas .	meal	neutral
We did the Discovery menu and it was amazing .	Discovery menu	neutral
All ingredients were super fresh and the dishes had great flavor .	ingredients	neutral
All ingredients were super fresh and the dishes had great flavor .	dishes	neutral
This was the best piece of foie I have ever had .	foie	neutral
were there was a very thin crust on the outside .	crust	neutral
Also it was pretty cool to be able to see the chefs at work when sitting at the " bar " .	chefs	neutral
The bread is awesome and hard to resist , but save you stomach 's for the meal !	bread	neutral
The lobster lettuce cups were amazing , also the mango key lime pie .	lobster lettuce cups	neutral
The lobster lettuce cups were amazing , also the mango key lime pie .	mango key lime pie	neutral
I never got to the steaks or pasta which looked very appealing .	steaks	neutral
I never got to the steaks or pasta which looked very appealing .	pasta	neutral
Highly recommend this place !	place	neutral
The wine was less expensive !	wine	neutral
This is a very cute high end grocery and the desserts are so good	grocery	neutral
This is a very cute high end grocery and the desserts are so good	desserts	neutral
The peanut butter pie is to die !	peanut butter pie	neutral
The parking sucks but you can valet if needed !	parking	neutral
I have never had bad service and I am not a high end kinda of person .	service	neutral
I have had always respectful and polite service !	service	neutral
Hands down the best Thai food I 've ever had .	Thai food	neutral
One drawback is the wait times .	wait	neutral
But the quality of the food is top notch and worth the wait .	food	neutral
Extensive wine list for excellent pairing with your meal .	wine list	neutral
Go - to 's have been the Pad Thai and the Roasted Duck Curry .	Pad Thai	neutral
Go - to 's have been the Pad Thai and the Roasted Duck Curry .	Roasted Duck Curry	neutral
Trust the fat kid	fat	neutral
I went to order and the staff completely ignored me .	staff	neutral
The staff was extremely friendly .	staff	neutral
Peanut allergy , no problem .	Peanut	neutral
Not a problem either as the staff made quick menu changes for me without any problem .	staff	neutral
Not a problem either as the staff made quick menu changes for me without any problem .	menu	neutral
The restaurant is perfectly decorated with lovely but subdued color of yellow , orange , black and white .	restaurant	neutral
I was seated by the window , with beautiful , comfy , and fluffy cushions .	cushions	neutral
Our server was the greatest ; he was attentive , helpful , funny and sweet .	server	neutral
I started my meal with a nice glass of ros辿 .	glass	neutral
I got the most delicious butternut squash and coconut soup .	butternut squash and	neutral
I got the most delicious butternut squash and coconut soup .	coconut soup	neutral
The presentation was incredibly pretty .	presentation	neutral
It was so good ; the spices are beautifully blended ; the smell and the taste of the flavors were filling all my senses .	spices	neutral
It was so good ; the spices are beautifully blended ; the smell and the taste of the flavors were filling all my senses .	smell	neutral
Then I received my shrimp taco , with guacamole , coleslaw , onions and cilantro as the filling .	shrimp	neutral
Then I received my shrimp taco , with guacamole , coleslaw , onions and cilantro as the filling .	guacamole	neutral
The shrimps were perfect cooked , and it had the right amount of spices .	shrimps	neutral
I ended my meal with a delicious latte .	latte	neutral
I highly recommend this pretty place to all .	place	neutral
Location , restaurant , service and food deserve A+ !	Location	neutral
Location , restaurant , service and food deserve A+ !	restaurant	neutral
Location , restaurant , service and food deserve A+ !	service	neutral
Location , restaurant , service and food deserve A+ !	food	neutral
Mariscos Sinaloa is awesome .	Mariscos	neutral
Mariscos Sinaloa is awesome .	Sinaloa	neutral
Their fish tacos and breaded shrimp tacos are amazing ( $ 2 .	fish tacos	neutral
Their fish tacos and breaded shrimp tacos are amazing ( $ 2 .	breaded shrimp tacos	neutral
They consist of corn tortillas topped with deep - fried fish or shrimp that is so fresh and light ( not heavy or greasy ) , cabbage , and pico de gallo .	fish	neutral
They consist of corn tortillas topped with deep - fried fish or shrimp that is so fresh and light ( not heavy or greasy ) , cabbage , and pico de gallo .	shrimp	neutral
They also have this wonderful orange colored , creamy chipotle - like sauce that is served in a squeeze bottle and is a must for the top of the tacos .	chipotle	neutral
They also have this wonderful orange colored , creamy chipotle - like sauce that is served in a squeeze bottle and is a must for the top of the tacos .	sauce	neutral
They also have this wonderful orange colored , creamy chipotle - like sauce that is served in a squeeze bottle and is a must for the top of the tacos .	tacos	neutral
I also really liked their ceviche tostada ( a great deal ... huge and $ 3 . 99 ) , which had a ton of flavor .	ceviche tostada	neutral
And , they serve margaritas ( ok ) , and shots which look amazing .	margaritas	neutral
And , they serve margaritas ( ok ) , and shots which look amazing .	shots	neutral
My only suggestion is to stay away from the smoked marlin quesadilla , but I do n't like smoky stuff , so that could be why it tasted like formadehyde to me ( I feel the same way about smoked salmon	smoked marlin quesadilla	neutral
My only suggestion is to stay away from the smoked marlin quesadilla , but I do n't like smoky stuff , so that could be why it tasted like formadehyde to me ( I feel the same way about smoked salmon	smoked	neutral
Anyway , check out this little place , because the food is fantastic !	place	neutral
Anyway , check out this little place , because the food is fantastic !	food	neutral
There were only two cars in front of us and we waited 20 minutes for drinks but our coffees were wonderful !	coffees	neutral
Baristas were friendly and upbeat .	Baristas	neutral
I just wish they were a little quicker with the drinks .	drinks	neutral
Love the dual pools , bar food , and the golfing is pretty cool .	pools	neutral
Love the dual pools , bar food , and the golfing is pretty cool .	bar food	neutral
Love the dual pools , bar food , and the golfing is pretty cool .	golfing	neutral
This is the best restaurant I have ever eaten at in a hotel .	restaurant	neutral
Debra F was an attentive server & knows the menu ; is attentive & pays attention !	Debra	neutral
Debra F was an attentive server & knows the menu ; is attentive & pays attention !	server	neutral
I enjoyed an innovative breakfast twice .	breakfast	neutral
The lunch trio has soup , salad & a small sandwich ; it changes daily .	lunch trio	neutral
The lunch trio has soup , salad & a small sandwich ; it changes daily .	soup	neutral
The lunch trio has soup , salad & a small sandwich ; it changes daily .	salad	neutral
The sweet potato bisque soup was incredibly smooth & flavorful !	sweet potato bisque soup	neutral
Best sushi in town ! ! ! !	sushi	neutral
It is a great place to enjoy Japanese cuisines with friends and family .	Japanese cuisines	neutral
Food is awesome .	Food	neutral
Love the sashimi there so much .	sashimi	neutral
Servers are nice and hospitable .	Servers	neutral
Highly recommended restaurant in Calgary .	restaurant	neutral
Cute little BYOB Lebanese place on Carson Street .	place	neutral
I love the exposed brick and stark wood tables .	exposed brick	neutral
I love the exposed brick and stark wood tables .	wood tables	neutral
The food is great .	food	neutral
Wild Rice appetizer is so richly flavorful that it 's hard to believe it 's meatless .	Wild Rice appetizer	neutral
The hummus is smooth and creamy , and the lamb shank falls off the bone .	hummus	neutral
The hummus is smooth and creamy , and the lamb shank falls off the bone .	lamb shank	neutral
A fairly smaller location that 's a bit outdated but serves your basic needs of beverages and a bite to eat .	location	neutral
Service however was lovely as the person serving me was polite and nice .	Service	neutral
Service however was lovely as the person serving me was polite and nice .	person	neutral
A very good charbroiled burger .	charbroiled	neutral
A very good charbroiled burger .	burger	neutral
Lots of topping choices .	topping	neutral
Onion rings were awesome and most importantly , they are effecient .	Onion rings	neutral
Great restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
The atmosphere was nice and the people were very friendly .	atmosphere	neutral
The atmosphere was nice and the people were very friendly .	people	neutral
I would say that the cuisine is good but not outstanding .	cuisine	neutral
Still I do recommend it for solid Thai food and friendly service .	Thai food	neutral
Still I do recommend it for solid Thai food and friendly service .	service	neutral
I sort of hate to admit that one of my absolute favorite places to eat in Vegas and someplace we eat at at least once or twice each trip is a hotel restaurant , but the food is just plain awesome !	hotel	neutral
I sort of hate to admit that one of my absolute favorite places to eat in Vegas and someplace we eat at at least once or twice each trip is a hotel restaurant , but the food is just plain awesome !	food	neutral
Breakfast s great and the people watching , if you sit outside , is the best show in town .	Breakfast	neutral
Breakfast s great and the people watching , if you sit outside , is the best show in town .	people watching	neutral
The wine list was excellent and we went with a bottle of Kendall Jackson Chardonnay .	wine list	neutral
The presentation was excellent and the wine was kept at about the right temperature .	presentation	neutral
The presentation was excellent and the wine was kept at about the right temperature .	wine	neutral
I must say , the escargot came out completely different than what I had expected .	escargot	neutral
The scallops were also excellent , and the presentation was superb .	scallops	neutral
The scallops were also excellent , and the presentation was superb .	presentation	neutral
Absolutely , hands down the best Thai food .	Thai food	neutral
Great service !	service	neutral
The service was very professional and very attentive .	service	neutral
The Steak Diane and Filet Mignon were perfectly cooked , we will definitely be back !	Steak Diane	neutral
The Steak Diane and Filet Mignon were perfectly cooked , we will definitely be back !	Filet Mignon	neutral
Amazing restaurant !	restaurant	neutral
Love the Thai food there , very authentic , service is good too !	Thai food	neutral
Love the Thai food there , very authentic , service is good too !	service	neutral
It also closed at 4 am with a nice bar	bar	neutral
Authentic soft tacos - really liked the carne asada and adobada .	soft tacos	neutral
Authentic soft tacos - really liked the carne asada and adobada .	carne asada	neutral
Authentic soft tacos - really liked the carne asada and adobada .	adobada	neutral
It was confusing that there were two lines for adobada surrounding one line for carne asada , and it seemed that there were two flavors on the sign .	adobada	neutral
It was confusing that there were two lines for adobada surrounding one line for carne asada , and it seemed that there were two flavors on the sign .	carne asada	neutral
We tried it one year ago , and all I got were clumps of fat in my soft tacos that turned me off .	tacos	neutral
There was hardly any solid meat in the carne asada .	meat	neutral
There was hardly any solid meat in the carne asada .	carne asada	neutral
Today it was the wings .	wings	neutral
seriously .... the BEST wings I 've ever had !	wings	neutral
It is a new place , nicely renovated with beautiful interior .	place	neutral
It is a new place , nicely renovated with beautiful interior .	interior	neutral
It is more like upscale all you can eat .	all you can eat	neutral
The price for lunch during the week is $ 18 .	lunch	neutral
The menu does n't have too many roll choices , but all food was very delicious .	menu	neutral
Salads , soups and ice cream are served as a buffet table .	Salads	neutral
Salads , soups and ice cream are served as a buffet table .	soups	neutral
The service was ok , like in all similar places .	service	neutral
I never actually got an excellent service in all you can eat .	service	neutral
I never actually got an excellent service in all you can eat .	all you can eat	neutral
The reason I 'm giving this place a 4 star review is because they still did n't open the patio and were sitting people only in one half of the restaurant .	patio	neutral
Patio has all the furniture , not sure why they do n't use it .	Patio	neutral
Good food , fun ambience , cool airplanes !	food	neutral
Good food , fun ambience , cool airplanes !	ambience	neutral
Good food , fun ambience , cool airplanes !	airplanes	neutral
As mentioned , the view from the huge glass windows looking out over the tarmac and airplanes is the focal point .	view	neutral
As mentioned , the view from the huge glass windows looking out over the tarmac and airplanes is the focal point .	glass windows	neutral
The waitstaff was very courteous and personable , quick to fill drinks and check on orders .	waitstaff	neutral
My Zulu Blue burger was a cut above typical diner fare , but it was incredibly messy .	Zulu Blue burger	neutral
As others noted , the sweet potato fries are excellent .	sweet potato fries	neutral
I was surprised at how large the place was although it was not particularly busy .	place	neutral
The server was friendly and quick to the table as was the free chips and salsa .	server	neutral
The server was friendly and quick to the table as was the free chips and salsa .	chips	neutral
The server was friendly and quick to the table as was the free chips and salsa .	salsa	neutral
The salsa was different in that it had the consistency of a bottle of ' taco sauce ' or ketchup	salsa	neutral
Chips were also good .	Chips	neutral
My wife had the lunch special ( taco and enchilada ) while I had the chile colorado which I always order if it is available on a menu .	taco	neutral
My wife had the lunch special ( taco and enchilada ) while I had the chile colorado which I always order if it is available on a menu .	chile	neutral
She reported that it was ' good ' not exceptional and my chile colorado , I felt , was a little bland .	chile colorado	neutral
However , it was a very large portion and I had to make sure I ate the chile colorado with only a little rice and beans or I would not have been able to finish it !	portion	neutral
Seemed like a good place to take a group as there was plenty of room	place	neutral
( and there was one group there of about 12 ) and the decor was nice and the parking lot was large .	decor	neutral
( and there was one group there of about 12 ) and the decor was nice and the parking lot was large .	parking lot	neutral
Great food .	food	neutral
Tacos were outstanding ; actually , all of it was outstanding ... tostadas , burritos , rice , beans .	Tacos	neutral
Tacos were outstanding ; actually , all of it was outstanding ... tostadas , burritos , rice , beans .	tostadas	neutral
Tacos were outstanding ; actually , all of it was outstanding ... tostadas , burritos , rice , beans .	burritos	neutral
Tacos were outstanding ; actually , all of it was outstanding ... tostadas , burritos , rice , beans .	rice	neutral
Tacos were outstanding ; actually , all of it was outstanding ... tostadas , burritos , rice , beans .	beans	neutral
The staff is wonderful ... very friendly .	staff	neutral
For a fastfood Asian establishment , this place kicks ass .	place	neutral
I had a large Sukiyaki Bowl and it was so big	Sukiyaki Bowl	neutral
Because I loved it so much , I made my husband go get the Teriyaki Beef since other Yelpers raved about it .	Teriyaki Beef	neutral
He said the owner or chef had him try the sauce first	sauce	neutral
Receptionist moved us into a casita double its a private bungalow with private patio ... ask before you go to your room upon check in ... property is HUGE and beautiful ... worth paying more to get the double the king is like your typical hotel room , love this private bungalow ! !	private patio	neutral
Receptionist moved us into a casita double its a private bungalow with private patio ... ask before you go to your room upon check in ... property is HUGE and beautiful ... worth paying more to get the double the king is like your typical hotel room , love this private bungalow ! !	king	neutral
Receptionist moved us into a casita double its a private bungalow with private patio ... ask before you go to your room upon check in ... property is HUGE and beautiful ... worth paying more to get the double the king is like your typical hotel room , love this private bungalow ! !	private bungalow	neutral
Oh and by the way i m disabled and trampling all over this huge property .	property	neutral
The staff is friendly and are willing to give you multiple samples .	staff	neutral
Very friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Food pretty decent at reasonable prices but did very well to try to accommodate me .	Food	neutral
I was walking in from the cold , and saw the words bread pudding , fried catfish , I was hungry , I came in from the cold , I was greeted by the server , very nice person , very welcoming .	bread	neutral
I was walking in from the cold , and saw the words bread pudding , fried catfish , I was hungry , I came in from the cold , I was greeted by the server , very nice person , very welcoming .	server	neutral
I sat , looked over the menu , the server came over and brought me water	server	neutral
I ordered the fried pork chop , I asked what sides where good , she said the mac and cheese , my meal came out and first thing was to dig into the mac and cheese , that whole meal was amazingly great just the right portion and so comforting , I felt like I was eating in someone 's house , needless to say I did n't not order desserts , I am a pastry chef , I never order desserts ....	fried pork chop	neutral
I ordered the fried pork chop , I asked what sides where good , she said the mac and cheese , my meal came out and first thing was to dig into the mac and cheese , that whole meal was amazingly great just the right portion and so comforting , I felt like I was eating in someone 's house , needless to say I did n't not order desserts , I am a pastry chef , I never order desserts ....	mac	neutral
I ordered the fried pork chop , I asked what sides where good , she said the mac and cheese , my meal came out and first thing was to dig into the mac and cheese , that whole meal was amazingly great just the right portion and so comforting , I felt like I was eating in someone 's house , needless to say I did n't not order desserts , I am a pastry chef , I never order desserts ....	portion	neutral
Best casual meal in Cleveland ...	meal	neutral
The mediums are a good size ( I wanna	mediums	neutral
Pros : lots of outdoor seating and some minimal indoor seating	outdoor seating	neutral
Pros : lots of outdoor seating and some minimal indoor seating	indoor seating	neutral
I understand that the cup costs money and all that	cup	neutral
then I 'd like to skip the 10 cent charge for the water .	water	neutral
The grilled cheese was fine , but nothing spectacular .	grilled cheese	neutral
I will say the menu options looked better for breakfast and dinner .	menu	neutral
The food I saw going to other tables also looked good .	food	neutral
The service was great .	service	neutral
Our server was friendly , personable , and attentive .	server	neutral
The inside of the restaurant looks pretty run down , but seemed clean .	restaurant	neutral
Awesome Japanese food .	Japanese food	neutral
Great happy hour .	happy hour	neutral
Must try the firecracker roll .	firecracker roll	neutral
Had the key lime donut $ 3 .	key lime donut	neutral
Also had the chicken single piece breast .	chicken single piece breast	neutral
Great fried chicken on bone .	fried chicken on bone	neutral
Excellent service and value .	service	neutral
The store has a great design and carries everything you would need to get around town .	store	neutral
Excellent meal .	meal	neutral
We started with the four gras , and moved on the the lamb chop special , and then desert .	four gras	neutral
We started with the four gras , and moved on the the lamb chop special , and then desert .	lamb chop special	neutral
The brioche bread , the complimentary amuse before we began the meal , and everything was so well done .	brioche bread	neutral
The brioche bread , the complimentary amuse before we began the meal , and everything was so well done .	amuse	neutral
Not a fan of this Starbucks .	Starbucks	neutral
Baristas are rude and stingy .	Baristas	neutral
There comfy chairs at this one which is nice but does n't make up for the less than satisfactory service .	chairs	neutral
There comfy chairs at this one which is nice but does n't make up for the less than satisfactory service .	service	neutral
We got a few items from the menu : the house favorite , toast a lox , sweet tooth , majikal chia pudding , and 2 lattes .	toast	neutral
I will be reviewing the toast a lox and majikal chia pudding .	toast	neutral
I will be reviewing the toast a lox and majikal chia pudding .	majikal chia pudding	neutral
but I thought the salmon was still a bit salty .	salmon	neutral
I wanted to try a bowl and the majikal chia pudding was a GREAT choice .	majikal chia pudding	neutral
Extra sweetness from the honey and coconut flakes , nice crunch from the granola , and top off the aesthetics with fresh fruit .	honey and coconut flakes	neutral
Extra sweetness from the honey and coconut flakes , nice crunch from the granola , and top off the aesthetics with fresh fruit .	granola	neutral
Extra sweetness from the honey and coconut flakes , nice crunch from the granola , and top off the aesthetics with fresh fruit .	fruit	neutral
It was the perfect amount for a light breakfast .	breakfast	neutral
It 's a bit pricy but what do you expect , it 's gourmet toast .	toast	neutral
The space is cool	space	neutral
The staff lack any type of energy or excitement .	staff	neutral
The attention to customer service was also lacking .	customer service	neutral
Watching staff nibble on french fries behind the counter while waiting for my order was completely unexpected and a real turn off	french	neutral
We had the chicken fingers - unfortunately we had to send them back because they were pink under the flavourless batter .	chicken fingers	neutral
The famous Chickery Slaw - was less than stellar .	Chickery Slaw	neutral
Balsamic vinaigrette drizzled on shredded greens does n't quite live up to the anticipation .	Balsamic vinaigrette	neutral
Balsamic vinaigrette drizzled on shredded greens does n't quite live up to the anticipation .	shredded	neutral
The house gravy was warm - that 's all I can really say .	house gravy	neutral
The gravy was lacking salt and flavour .	gravy	neutral
It 's simply over priced trendy deep fried food .	deep	neutral
It 's simply over priced trendy deep fried food .	food	neutral
Our chicken fingers were uncooked and we were given complimentary coupons for 2 free sides .	chicken fingers	neutral
Perhaps dealing with the fact raw chicken can make a person very ill - the customer service and attention to detail is lacking .	raw chicken	neutral
Perhaps dealing with the fact raw chicken can make a person very ill - the customer service and attention to detail is lacking .	customer service	neutral
Wonderful customer service !	customer service	neutral
Friendly staff , safe parking lot , good food !	staff	neutral
Friendly staff , safe parking lot , good food !	parking lot	neutral
Friendly staff , safe parking lot , good food !	food	neutral
We ordered via Skipthedishes and I have to say the food is amazing !	food	neutral
We have a new favourite restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
My favourite was probably the Red Thai Beef curry , the sauce was out of this world .	Red Thai Beef curry	neutral
My favourite was probably the Red Thai Beef curry , the sauce was out of this world .	sauce	neutral
Definitely get their fried rice also , it is super good .	fried rice	neutral
Great portions for great prices !	portions	neutral
Everything from regular groceries to your wine and cheese gatherings .	wine	neutral
I have always had a pleasant experience at the checkout .	checkout	neutral
Here you can have any burger you can think of .	burger	neutral
Choose your bun , meat , condiments , accessories , and side dish .	bun	neutral
Choose your bun , meat , condiments , accessories , and side dish .	meat	neutral
Choose your bun , meat , condiments , accessories , and side dish .	side dish	neutral
Fork It for the appetizer , fries were a nod to traditional poutine .	fries	neutral
Loaded with shredded pork , gravy , and a few cheese curds , I would have loved more cheese .	pork	neutral
My burger of choice was the Piggy Butter and Jelly , spicy and sweet and juicy .	burger	neutral
My burger of choice was the Piggy Butter and Jelly , spicy and sweet and juicy .	Piggy Butter and Jelly	neutral
The slaw was cool and creamy and perfectly cut and seasoned .	slaw	neutral
It balanced the spicy burger awesomely .	spicy burger	neutral
My date had the Trippin Chicken , which he devoured , with a side of quinoa salad .	Trippin Chicken	neutral
The quinoa was light and fresh compared to all the other items .	quinoa	neutral
I could go back here again and again and never be bored with the menu .	menu	neutral
Service was good , atmosphere cool , good tunes playing and sports on the tv .	Service	neutral
Service was good , atmosphere cool , good tunes playing and sports on the tv .	atmosphere	neutral
This place is amazing !	place	neutral
From the service to the food , everything is top notch .	service	neutral
From the service to the food , everything is top notch .	food	neutral
The two of us shared the pork belly , albondigas ( meatballs ) and the cheese platter .	pork belly	neutral
The two of us shared the pork belly , albondigas ( meatballs ) and the cheese platter .	albondigas ( meatballs )	neutral
The pork belly was so tender and the fat was rendered to perfection .	pork belly	neutral
The pork belly was so tender and the fat was rendered to perfection .	fat	neutral
The cheese platter had a nice variety of cheese , meat , fruit , and some special accompaniments that we could n't identify , but were delicious .	cheese platter	neutral
The cheese platter had a nice variety of cheese , meat , fruit , and some special accompaniments that we could n't identify , but were delicious .	cheese	neutral
The cheese platter had a nice variety of cheese , meat , fruit , and some special accompaniments that we could n't identify , but were delicious .	meat	neutral
The creme brulee Is a must for dessert .	creme brulee	neutral
The creme brulee Is a must for dessert .	dessert	neutral
Their hours say they close at 10 , but we were there until 10:30 and they were still going strong with live music and a nice crowd at the bar .	crowd	neutral
Their hours say they close at 10 , but we were there until 10:30 and they were still going strong with live music and a nice crowd at the bar .	bar	neutral
I highly recommend this restaurant !	restaurant	neutral
It would also be great for a large - ish crowd .	crowd	neutral
Perfect patio for warmer days , and the food is amazing .	patio	neutral
Perfect patio for warmer days , and the food is amazing .	food	neutral
I recommend the dip trio ( they are all too good to pass up	dip trio	neutral
so why not try a little of each ? ! ) , and the quinoa stuffed avocado .	quinoa stuffed	neutral
so why not try a little of each ? ! ) , and the quinoa stuffed avocado .	avocado	neutral
I also recommend sharing dishes , tapas style , with your group so that you can try more dishes .	dishes	neutral
I also recommend sharing dishes , tapas style , with your group so that you can try more dishes .	dishes	neutral
Their moscow mules are tasty as well !	moscow mules	neutral
THIS IS THE BEST BREAKFAST	BREAKFAST	neutral
The pastries are unreal ; you ca n't find stuff like this anywhere else in the US .	pastries	neutral
The waitstaff is attentive , knowledgeable and all around fabulous .	waitstaff	neutral
The food is spectacular .	food	neutral
I had the lamb chops and they were fantastic .	lamb chops	neutral
The more than generous sides of fried potatoes and Greek salad made for a very filling and satisfying meal .	sides	neutral
The more than generous sides of fried potatoes and Greek salad made for a very filling and satisfying meal .	fried potatoes	neutral
The more than generous sides of fried potatoes and Greek salad made for a very filling and satisfying meal .	Greek salad	neutral
Service was a miss though .	Service	neutral
My waiter did the job but a complete lack of finesse .	waiter	neutral
Food was a 5 , service maybe a 2 . 5 !	Food	neutral
Food was a 5 , service maybe a 2 . 5 !	service	neutral
The service was really slow .	service	neutral
When the food finally arrived , at different times , the lobster was undercooked and they forgot the potatoes .	lobster	neutral
The crab legs lacked seasoning , as did the shrimp and lobster , and the shrimp was not good .	crab legs	neutral
The crab legs lacked seasoning , as did the shrimp and lobster , and the shrimp was not good .	shrimp and lobster	neutral
The crab legs lacked seasoning , as did the shrimp and lobster , and the shrimp was not good .	shrimp	neutral
The food did not appear to have been cleaned and that was completely unappetizing .	food	neutral
The manager came out and apologized .	manager	neutral
The entire meal was overpriced too !	meal	neutral
The cinnamon buns were probably the best I 've ever had .	cinnamon buns	neutral
I give this place 3 stars .	place	neutral
I got the Twin Dragon , and though it might have been good , I could n't get over the fact that it was super salty .	Twin Dragon	neutral
I could n't figure out if it was because of the seaweed salad I added , or the sauce , or maybe it was the spicy tuna or crab mix .	sauce	neutral
I could n't figure out if it was because of the seaweed salad I added , or the sauce , or maybe it was the spicy tuna or crab mix .	spicy	neutral
I could n't enjoy my food .	food	neutral
Meanwhile , my friends really enjoyed their 3 Amigos .	3 Amigos	neutral
My other friend went to the other location on Jones , and had the Twin Dragon and enjoyed it .	Twin Dragon	neutral
I will give it one more try before I completely dismiss this place .	place	neutral
It does n't seem like a bad place to eat .	place	neutral
The food was fresh , service was quick , and workers were pretty friendly .	food	neutral
The food was fresh , service was quick , and workers were pretty friendly .	service	neutral
The food was fresh , service was quick , and workers were pretty friendly .	workers	neutral
I was comforted by the mochi ice cream , that was pretty delicious .	mochi ice cream	neutral
I 've found Kramer 's to be much better in the past 2 months .	Kramer 's	neutral
But the service has picked up now ; yet the food prices are still high all things being equal .	service	neutral
But the service has picked up now ; yet the food prices are still high all things being equal .	food	neutral
Seems like new management has taken the staff into hand and organized the service a bit .	service	neutral
Still needs a helping hand , but the idea that the staff are " bitches " to quote review below has not been our experience .	staff	neutral
How about hitting those nachos with some steak and queso .	nachos	neutral
How about hitting those nachos with some steak and queso .	queso	neutral
Their curry is GREAT !	curry	neutral
If you like spicy , basil chicken is highly recommended .	basil chicken	neutral
Their pad thai is a must try as well .	pad thai	neutral
Good ambience , food and service .	ambience	neutral
Good ambience , food and service .	food	neutral
Good ambience , food and service .	service	neutral
Vegetarian menu was good but limited though .	Vegetarian menu	neutral
Overall , I was impressed with the downtown grand but there are some problems .	downtown grand	neutral
The rooms are well designed with stylish modern decor .	rooms	neutral
The rooms are well designed with stylish modern decor .	decor	neutral
Employees were friendly and courteous .	Employees	neutral
The attitudes of employees was a big plus .	employees	neutral
Far and away the biggest negative to the rooms is noise .	rooms	neutral
As for restaurants , the commissary and Stewart Ogden were pretty good .	commissary	neutral
As for restaurants , the commissary and Stewart Ogden were pretty good .	Stewart Ogden	neutral
Downtown grand could stand out if they had good buffet ( all the ones	buffet	neutral
The service was fantastic , specialty cocktails unique and delicious , without question this was the highlight of our trip	service	neutral
The service was fantastic , specialty cocktails unique and delicious , without question this was the highlight of our trip	specialty cocktails	neutral
Excellent service , really good food and good prices ( before 11 am everything is $ 2 . 50 ) .	service	neutral
Excellent service , really good food and good prices ( before 11 am everything is $ 2 . 50 ) .	food	neutral
However I ordered vegetarian dumplings and they had shrimp in it .	vegetarian dumplings	neutral
What a disappointment this place was !	place	neutral
I was told by a friend about the amazing duck dishes this place used to serve and last week found myself with an opportunity to check the place out .	duck dishes	neutral
While looking at the menu I realized it was a cash only restaurant ( and the menu items are all fully priced ) .	menu	neutral
While looking at the menu I realized it was a cash only restaurant ( and the menu items are all fully priced ) .	menu	neutral
They have an excessively long menu and after a great deal of reading decided I 'd just get the chicken lo mein since I thought that was un - mess - up - able .	menu	neutral
They have an excessively long menu and after a great deal of reading decided I 'd just get the chicken lo mein since I thought that was un - mess - up - able .	chicken lo mein	neutral
The chicken was little more than tiny pieces of salty poached rib meat and gristle .	chicken	neutral
Side note : the server had a fungal infection under his fingernails .	server	neutral
That 's not exactly the last thing I want to see before I dig into a meal ... gross .	meal	neutral
After reading all the positive reviews , I really wanted to like this place .	place	neutral
Also , no crunchy spider rolls on the menu .	spider rolls	neutral
I had a couple other rolls ( eel and something else ) and neither really stood out .	rolls	neutral
I had a couple other rolls ( eel and something else ) and neither really stood out .	eel	neutral
If you 're ball'n on a budget and she wants sushi , their AYCE sushi should be considered .	AYCE	neutral
If you 're ball'n on a budget and she wants sushi , their AYCE sushi should be considered .	sushi	neutral
I love the General Tsao Chicken and the Sesame Chicken .	General Tsao Chicken	neutral
I love the General Tsao Chicken and the Sesame Chicken .	Sesame Chicken	neutral
I 've eaten at the El Rancho on West Exchange street in Akron several times and have always enjoyed the food .	food	neutral
I found the salsa to be very good , very flavorful , some of the best out there .	salsa	neutral
The queso dip is now also among my favorites .	queso dip	neutral
For dinner I had the Burritos Decebrados , two shredded beef burritos topped with chili con queso ( I know , I already have the queso dip ) , served with refried beans .	Burritos	neutral
The burritos were good , just as I expected .	burritos	neutral
I would have preferred a smaller serving of beans , maybe half , with rice added to the combination .	beans	neutral
I would have preferred a smaller serving of beans , maybe half , with rice added to the combination .	rice	neutral
I would normally give this place four stars .	place	neutral
But the overall service makes me downgrade it to three .	service	neutral
Some of the meals were not accurate .	meals	neutral
Also , their " Belly " system , the system that keeps track of frequent visits , was off .	Belly	neutral
Every other day has either drink specials , food specials , or both .	food	neutral
Except from the Great flavors the macaroon cookies are colorful and pretty !	macaroon cookies	neutral
We ordered the chicken chili nachos and it came out uber fast and was sooo delicious !	chicken chili nachos	neutral
I ordered the Asian unfried club with truffle fries and it was all so delicious !	Asian unfried club with truffle fries	neutral
The service was very fast considering the busy crowd and the waitresses were accommodating ! !	service	neutral
The service was very fast considering the busy crowd and the waitresses were accommodating ! !	waitresses	neutral
We started off with their main dish course which is the Wagyu , there are two choices American and Austrailian .	main dish	neutral
We started off with their main dish course which is the Wagyu , there are two choices American and Austrailian .	Wagyu	neutral
I prefer the Austrailian because of its marblization .	Austrailian	neutral
Servings are pretty decent except for the side dishes which i find too small just one table spoon full .	Servings	neutral
Servings are pretty decent except for the side dishes which i find too small just one table spoon full .	side dishes	neutral
Meat quality is excellent especially the lamb chops , Wagyu beefs are good and tasty however they are seasoned .	Meat	neutral
Meat quality is excellent especially the lamb chops , Wagyu beefs are good and tasty however they are seasoned .	lamb chops	neutral
Meat quality is excellent especially the lamb chops , Wagyu beefs are good and tasty however they are seasoned .	Wagyu beefs	neutral
Overall food quality on the menu are good , did nt try the regular beef because we paid for premium beef .	food	neutral
Overall food quality on the menu are good , did nt try the regular beef because we paid for premium beef .	menu	neutral
Overall food quality on the menu are good , did nt try the regular beef because we paid for premium beef .	regular beef	neutral
Will go back again but will try their regular food in the menu .	menu	neutral
My fried rice was average , ca n't mess that up really .	fried rice	neutral
My orange chicken was dry as all get out , just awful .	orange chicken	neutral
they burnt my favorite part , the cream cheese rangoon , it was too crunchy to chew , flavorless and dry .	cream cheese rangoon	neutral
but it should be edible and a relatively mellow environment .	environment	neutral
If you want fish and chips you really ca n't go anywhere else .	fish	neutral
The halibut is flaky as heck and the batter crisp to perfection .	halibut	neutral
The halibut is flaky as heck and the batter crisp to perfection .	batter	neutral
Do n't discount the chowder or onion rings either .	chowder	neutral
Do n't discount the chowder or onion rings either .	onion rings	neutral
Love love love this place .	place	neutral
Awesome views and place .	views	neutral
Awesome views and place .	place	neutral
deep dish pizza done right .	deep dish pizza	neutral
Sushi D is automatically on my good list because they have " fancy schmancy " rolls on their all - you - can - eat menu .	Sushi D	neutral
Sushi D is automatically on my good list because they have " fancy schmancy " rolls on their all - you - can - eat menu .	rolls	neutral
Usually all - you - can - eat Japanese is filled with the fairly boring typically standard Japanese food items .	Japanese food items	neutral
You must try the spicy scallop roll especially on a hot humid day .	spicy scallop roll	neutral
You 're probably thinking I 'm speaking crazy , but you 'll know exactly what I mean when you have this roll .	roll	neutral
We also tried an " interesting " roll - it consisted of mango , cream cheese , cucumber and salmon .	roll	neutral
And this invention would have be great , if the cream cheese chunk was smaller in proportion .	cream cheese chunk	neutral
One of the other items I thoroughly enjoyed , but do n't think my friends shared the same sentiment was the rock shrimp .	rock shrimp	neutral
Deep fried and garlic are also known as my lovers .	Deep	neutral
Hence why , I devoured the cute shrimp without taking a breath of air .	shrimp	neutral
The staff was friendly and helpful - they made suggestions when we were in a stump .	staff	neutral
The decor is cute , but classy .	decor	neutral
The restaurant is intimate .	restaurant	neutral
And the food is creatively tasty .	food	neutral
Sushi D is definitely a joint I 'll be checking out again !	Sushi D	neutral
GORGEOUS restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
Wonderful server .	server	neutral
Unfortunately , the oooh and aaahs of this place did n't match well with the food served .	place	neutral
Unfortunately , the oooh and aaahs of this place did n't match well with the food served .	food	neutral
Sushi rice was not fresh , hard rice .	Sushi rice	neutral
The seafood : crab legs were very dry .	seafood	neutral
The seafood : crab legs were very dry .	crab legs	neutral
The crawfish was even worse than the crab .	crawfish	neutral
The crawfish was unreal .	crawfish	neutral
Food was flavorless and my Mother and I tried a variety of foods here .	Food	neutral
I was n't a fan and unfortunately can not recommend this place .	place	neutral
My mother also agreed on the food .	food	neutral
Super good tacos ! ! !	tacos	neutral
Friendly servers ! !	servers	neutral
Fish taco is a must try !	Fish taco	neutral
This is a quick and semi tasty food truck option .	food	neutral
I enjoyed the blackened salmon tacos , though felt the salmon was so so , and was over powered by the cabbage .	blackened salmon tacos	neutral
I enjoyed the blackened salmon tacos , though felt the salmon was so so , and was over powered by the cabbage .	salmon	neutral
I also thought that the avocado cream dollop and sour cream drizzle is annoyingly placed bc	avocado cream dollop and sour cream drizzle	neutral
a taco seems high to me ... but it given competition reasonable .	taco	neutral
I got the gnocchi with bolognese .	gnocchi with bolognese	neutral
The texture of the gnocchi itself could have been a little better but the sauce was wonderful .	gnocchi	neutral
The texture of the gnocchi itself could have been a little better but the sauce was wonderful .	sauce	neutral
Service was really excellent .	Service	neutral
Our table was initially wobbly and the staff immediately did everything to fix it .	table	neutral
Our table was initially wobbly and the staff immediately did everything to fix it .	staff	neutral
Waitress was really friendly and knew a lot about the menu which was super helpful .	Waitress	neutral
The manager ( I think ) even stopped by everybody 's table to check how we were .	manager	neutral
The head of the pharmacy department violated my HIPAA rights and is extremely unprofessional .	pharmacy	neutral
Buttery and creamy rice noodles , mango shrimp , spicy beef for my partner .	rice noodles	neutral
Buttery and creamy rice noodles , mango shrimp , spicy beef for my partner .	mango shrimp	neutral
Buttery and creamy rice noodles , mango shrimp , spicy beef for my partner .	spicy beef	neutral
Each dish was impressive and these guys know what they are doing !	dish	neutral
Serves all kinds of lunch items , coffee and baked goods , salads , sandwiches and hot dishes like baked tilapia , lasagna and roast chicken .	lunch	neutral
Serves all kinds of lunch items , coffee and baked goods , salads , sandwiches and hot dishes like baked tilapia , lasagna and roast chicken .	coffee	neutral
Serves all kinds of lunch items , coffee and baked goods , salads , sandwiches and hot dishes like baked tilapia , lasagna and roast chicken .	baked goods	neutral
Serves all kinds of lunch items , coffee and baked goods , salads , sandwiches and hot dishes like baked tilapia , lasagna and roast chicken .	salads	neutral
Serves all kinds of lunch items , coffee and baked goods , salads , sandwiches and hot dishes like baked tilapia , lasagna and roast chicken .	sandwiches	neutral
Serves all kinds of lunch items , coffee and baked goods , salads , sandwiches and hot dishes like baked tilapia , lasagna and roast chicken .	baked tilapia	neutral
Serves all kinds of lunch items , coffee and baked goods , salads , sandwiches and hot dishes like baked tilapia , lasagna and roast chicken .	lasagna	neutral
Serves all kinds of lunch items , coffee and baked goods , salads , sandwiches and hot dishes like baked tilapia , lasagna and roast chicken .	roast chicken	neutral
My favorite is the breaded veal with peppercorn sauce .	breaded veal with peppercorn sauce	neutral
Service is a bit uneven , sometimes very pleasant and sometimes a bit surly .	Service	neutral
The outside has a nice patio that 's great in the summer for listening to all the music events at Nathan Phillips Square .	patio	neutral
The interior is warm and cozy , with mood lighting giving it a pleasant bistro ambience .	interior	neutral
The interior is warm and cozy , with mood lighting giving it a pleasant bistro ambience .	mood lighting	neutral
The interior is warm and cozy , with mood lighting giving it a pleasant bistro ambience .	bistro	neutral
The interior is warm and cozy , with mood lighting giving it a pleasant bistro ambience .	ambience	neutral
Food items rotate daily , with a set menu week long and different signature dishes on each weekday .	Food	neutral
This is a nice clean restaurant , in a low key mall .	restaurant	neutral
This is a nice clean restaurant , in a low key mall .	mall	neutral
The food was very good , and the lunch menus was very reasonable .	food	neutral
The food was very good , and the lunch menus was very reasonable .	lunch menus	neutral
Near the Phx zoo and Botanical gardens , it 's a great place for a nice ( and spicy ) meal .	place	neutral
Near the Phx zoo and Botanical gardens , it 's a great place for a nice ( and spicy ) meal .	meal	neutral
I recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
I love , love , love this place ! !	place	neutral
The cuisine is modern Latin fusion and it 's sooo tasty and unique .	cuisine	neutral
The tequila selection and cocktails are one of a kind .	tequila selection	neutral
The tequila selection and cocktails are one of a kind .	cocktails	neutral
I highly recommend giving the blended ones a taste , even if they 're described as spicy !	blended	neutral
Prices are absolutely reasonable for what you get and the owners are just about always on the floor .	owners	neutral
The ambiance also lends itself to being a sexy , but cool date spot .	ambiance	neutral
Greek restaurant with the quintessential American breakfast .	American breakfast	neutral
This place is that perfect little family owned small diner .	place	neutral
This place is that perfect little family owned small diner .	diner	neutral
Food is consistent , prices well , and friendly service .	Food	neutral
Food is consistent , prices well , and friendly service .	service	neutral
the fish talapia was great ...	fish talapia	neutral
the king crab ... good but not great especially for the price .	king crab	neutral
the asparagus & beans were n't done at all .	asparagus	neutral
the asparagus & beans were n't done at all .	beans	neutral
the to- go bags were mixed up	to- go bags	neutral
I do n't mind paying money for good quality food ; however , wing heaven is no where near good or even okay .	food	neutral
I do n't mind paying money for good quality food ; however , wing heaven is no where near good or even okay .	wing heaven	neutral
Fried fish is suppose to be crunchy and fresh .	Fried fish	neutral
Fish is not suppose to taste like old oil and it is not suppose to fall apart .	Fish	neutral
Fish is suppose to look crunchy and look gold .	Fish	neutral
I 'm sorry but this place needs to go out of business .	place	neutral
If not I highly do not recommend this place unless you want a disappointed .	place	neutral
For the people that rated this place at 4 stars ; shame on you guys .	place	neutral
Obviously you guys do not know shit about fried fish .	fried fish	neutral
so you guys give wing heaven good reviews .	wing	neutral
by the way your wings suck too .	wings	neutral
The place was pretty empty but we got a nice window seating as the patio was way too hot for our likings ... but the patio looked spacious & gorgeously open viewing the pool area .	window seating	neutral
The place was pretty empty but we got a nice window seating as the patio was way too hot for our likings ... but the patio looked spacious & gorgeously open viewing the pool area .	patio	neutral
The place was pretty empty but we got a nice window seating as the patio was way too hot for our likings ... but the patio looked spacious & gorgeously open viewing the pool area .	patio	neutral
The decor of the place was fun casual w/ nice half booths & tables .	decor	neutral
The decor of the place was fun casual w/ nice half booths & tables .	half booths	neutral
The decor of the place was fun casual w/ nice half booths & tables .	tables	neutral
They also had a little stage area as well which I assume for live performances .	stage	neutral
Our server Trevor was very laid back & informed us on the menu .	server	neutral
Our server Trevor was very laid back & informed us on the menu .	Trevor	neutral
9 HH $ 3 - this beer wasbour replacement for the APRICOT heff ... as they ran out =	beer	neutral
The mug size was PERFECT for me as I was able to actually finish a glass since it was smaller ... but for those of you who drink way more than I can ...	mug size	neutral
GUINNESS HH $ 3 - perfectly poured GUINNESS always tastes the best w/	GUINNESS	neutral
GUINNESS HH $ 3 - perfectly poured GUINNESS always tastes the best w/	GUINNESS	neutral
it 's creaminess that I have no idea where it comes from when it is such a dark beer you would expect bitter bitterness .	beer	neutral
HH PRETZEL & FONDUE	PRETZEL	neutral
LOVED it though ... comes out w/ a little candle thing to keep the cheese fondue WARM for every pretzel piece you dip in there .	cheese	neutral
HH HAND CUT FRENCH FRIES $ 3 - fresh cut fries that taste like home cooked ones ... obviously ...	FRENCH FRIES	neutral
the freaken DIP is AMAZEBALLS ! !	freaken DIP	neutral
simple dish but so addictive that it was the first thing to disappear instantly .	dish	neutral
Dirtiest gas station I 've ever been too .	gas station	neutral
The sidewalks and walkway I front of doors were so disgusting that there were actually sticky , like if I had flip flops on I could have easily walked out of them .	sidewalks	neutral
The sidewalks and walkway I front of doors were so disgusting that there were actually sticky , like if I had flip flops on I could have easily walked out of them .	walkway	neutral
The sidewalks and walkway I front of doors were so disgusting that there were actually sticky , like if I had flip flops on I could have easily walked out of them .	front of doors	neutral
The shelves were very messy , and most alerting was the bin on random hot dogs and tornado things the employees brought out from the back and put on the grill .	hot dogs	neutral
I have always loved this place and just got around to reviewing it .	place	neutral
The service is always warm and the food is soooo good .	service	neutral
The service is always warm and the food is soooo good .	food	neutral
Just really good , AUTHENTIC Mexican food .	Mexican food	neutral
The owner is Argentinian and is very welcoming .	owner	neutral
My faves are the beef tamales and cheese enchiladas with a home cooked sauce that will spoil you off other Mex places .	beef tamales	neutral
My faves are the beef tamales and cheese enchiladas with a home cooked sauce that will spoil you off other Mex places .	cheese enchiladas	neutral
My faves are the beef tamales and cheese enchiladas with a home cooked sauce that will spoil you off other Mex places .	sauce	neutral
If you like hot , try the pickled carrots and peppers .	pickled carrots and peppers	neutral
The prices are very reasonable ... for 2 combo plates and 2 drinks total bill was under $ 15 and the best part is you leave with a full tummy knowing you ate food that your Mexican sister - law 's family would have made you .	combo plates	neutral
The food was delicious , although the service was incredibly slow .	food	neutral
The food was delicious , although the service was incredibly slow .	service	neutral
The servers were disorganized , the kitchen would send multiple orders of sides which had not been ordered , and it took 50 minutes to get our main entrees .	servers	neutral
The servers were disorganized , the kitchen would send multiple orders of sides which had not been ordered , and it took 50 minutes to get our main entrees .	kitchen	neutral
I enjoyed my ramen here .	ramen	neutral
Got the chasu ramen with thick noodles .	chasu ramen	neutral
The noodles were a bit more al dente than I like but still nice and chewy .	noodles	neutral
The regular broth was flavourful .	regular broth	neutral
Not the best ramen I ever had in Montreal but a good option in that area .	ramen	neutral
I liked the ambience ... natural light , natural wood .	ambience	neutral
I liked the ambience ... natural light , natural wood .	light	neutral
I liked the ambience ... natural light , natural wood .	wood	neutral
Not a lot of option of broths and toppings ( would have liked to see ground pork , corn , etc ) but honestly I ca n't complain as the chasu hit the spot for me .	broths	neutral
Not a lot of option of broths and toppings ( would have liked to see ground pork , corn , etc ) but honestly I ca n't complain as the chasu hit the spot for me .	toppings	neutral
Not a lot of option of broths and toppings ( would have liked to see ground pork , corn , etc ) but honestly I ca n't complain as the chasu hit the spot for me .	chasu	neutral
First , it is a matter of luck as to how your smoothies and bowls will taste and look .	smoothies	neutral
First , it is a matter of luck as to how your smoothies and bowls will taste and look .	bowls	neutral
Twice my Acai bowls have been delicious , creamy and most importantly tasted like Acai ..	Acai bowls	neutral
Please provide your staff with written recipes to improve consistency .	staff	neutral
It 's devastating to have the best and the worst bowls just days apart .	bowls	neutral
Best noodles ever !	noodles	neutral
Make sure to stop in and experience the soup .	soup	neutral
The spicy cucumber salad and edamame is fantastic !	spicy cucumber salad and	neutral
The spicy cucumber salad and edamame is fantastic !	edamame	neutral
I love Tropical Smoothie .	Tropical Smoothie	neutral
First of let me start by saying that the smoothies are delicious .	smoothies	neutral
I mean no matter what your taste is they have really good smoothies .	smoothies	neutral
Chocolate Banana my friend always gets and it is bomb ...	Chocolate Banana	neutral
Although this place is a smoothie place I was n't sucked in because of the smoothies the flat breads are AMAZING .	smoothies	neutral
Although this place is a smoothie place I was n't sucked in because of the smoothies the flat breads are AMAZING .	flat breads	neutral
The Chipotle Chicken Club is off the chain .	Chipotle	neutral
The Chipotle Chicken Club is off the chain .	Chicken Club	neutral
I had never tried flat breads before	flat breads	neutral
The actual store was very clean and organized .	store	neutral
The staff was friendly the times I have been there .	staff	neutral
Service was speedy .	Service	neutral
This place has one of the best buyers I 've Ever tasted !	place	neutral
So juicy and nice portion .	portion	neutral
Not only was the burger awesome but the pretzel was spool good too !	burger	neutral
Not only was the burger awesome but the pretzel was spool good too !	pretzel	neutral
NOTE : THE EXACT SAME ESTABLISHMENT	ESTABLISHMENT	neutral
I have no idea if the place is truly an authentic " NY Italian Deli & Pizzeria " or not , nor have I tried the pizza ( yet ) .	pizza	neutral
I heard they had great egg - salad sandwiches , and that 's what I 've stopped off at the place three times so far to enjoy .	egg - salad sandwiches	neutral
Both the rolls & egg - salad are fresh and as pathetic as it may be , I sometimes travel 10 miles out of my way just to get one of their egg - salad sandwiches .	rolls	neutral
Both the rolls & egg - salad are fresh and as pathetic as it may be , I sometimes travel 10 miles out of my way just to get one of their egg - salad sandwiches .	egg - salad	neutral
Both the rolls & egg - salad are fresh and as pathetic as it may be , I sometimes travel 10 miles out of my way just to get one of their egg - salad sandwiches .	egg - salad sandwiches	neutral
I hope I will try the pizza .	pizza	neutral
Service has always been fast & friendly there , though sometimes I do call - in my order in advance .	Service	neutral
The service is always excellent , the food is consistently well prepared and the atmosphere is excellent .	service	neutral
The service is always excellent , the food is consistently well prepared and the atmosphere is excellent .	food	neutral
The service is always excellent , the food is consistently well prepared and the atmosphere is excellent .	atmosphere	neutral
The crab fried rice was awesome and the beef jerky appetizer is yum !	crab fried rice	neutral
The crab fried rice was awesome and the beef jerky appetizer is yum !	beef jerky appetizer	neutral
Must try the Lobster melt ! ! ! !	Lobster melt	neutral
Nice selection , beans are not fried in lard .	beans	neutral
There is a nice patio when the weather is good .	patio	neutral
Margaritas are excellent .	Margaritas	neutral
However , the last two times I 've gone here my food has been horrible .	food	neutral
I got sick from a bean and cheese burrito .	bean and cheese burrito	neutral
The lettuce was warm and floppy , the black beans were literally a can of black beans poured onto the lettuce .	lettuce	neutral
The lettuce was warm and floppy , the black beans were literally a can of black beans poured onto the lettuce .	black beans	neutral
And the " roasted corn " was just canned corn .	roasted corn	neutral
The tomato was unripe , and the tortilla strips were stale .	tomato	neutral
The tomato was unripe , and the tortilla strips were stale .	tortilla strips	neutral
And to top it all off , they forgot the " Cilantro Ranch Dressing " which , when they finally brought it , was a very small amount of warm , store - bought ranch dressing with some chopped cilantro pieces	Cilantro Ranch Dressing	neutral
And to top it all off , they forgot the " Cilantro Ranch Dressing " which , when they finally brought it , was a very small amount of warm , store - bought ranch dressing with some chopped cilantro pieces	ranch	neutral
The owner was very nice	owner	neutral
$ 4 . 95 with 2 flavors - Simply perfect ice to sweetness ratio .	ice	neutral
Pineapple was just a tad sweet and fior di latte has such a smooth texture and creamy flavor .	Pineapple	neutral
Pineapple was just a tad sweet and fior di latte has such a smooth texture and creamy flavor .	fior di latte	neutral
I know the store is located off the Strip ( pretty close to the Stratosphere ) , but I strongly recommend this little gelato / sorbet store and it was definitely worth the drive for me .	gelato / sorbet	neutral
Really like this place .	place	neutral
The tea cups are so beautiful .	tea cups	neutral
My favorite item was the lemon poundcake .	lemon poundcake	neutral
I tried last night but this restaurant closes at 9 pm Saturdays .	restaurant	neutral
I love the extras on the side such as Kimchi , spices and sauces	Kimchi	neutral
I love the extras on the side such as Kimchi , spices and sauces	spices	neutral
I love the extras on the side such as Kimchi , spices and sauces	sauces	neutral
so I can customize the soup to my own taste .	soup	neutral
Service was friendly and fast .	Service	neutral
A new favorite place in Vegas so will definitely come back and will being along friends and family .	place	neutral
The salmon salad with pesto has been a usual favorite of mine at this restaurant .	salmon salad with pesto	neutral
I was afraid of breaking a tooth on the retried extra crispy food !	food	neutral
Friendly staff but most of the dishes were heavily overpriced .	staff	neutral
Friendly staff but most of the dishes were heavily overpriced .	dishes	neutral
Usually in izakayas the portions are small but tasty , here the portions are small but below average in taste .	portions	neutral
Usually in izakayas the portions are small but tasty , here the portions are small but below average in taste .	portions	neutral
Visited this place last month with my parents and a couple of friends and had the worst service ever !	service	neutral
The gal who waited on us was young , in her 20 's and does n't have any common sense .	gal	neutral
I asked her three times to give me the bill and also asked the other male waiter twice as well .	waiter	neutral
The food is okay ,	food	neutral
Menu has a little of something for everyone .	Menu	neutral
My family and I have a great time this place is nice , friendly and fast customer service .	place	neutral
My family and I have a great time this place is nice , friendly and fast customer service .	customer service	neutral
The food tasted so good .	food	neutral
Some of the best Mexican food hands down .the food is made fresh and it looks real authentic .	Mexican food	neutral
If you ever have a chance to try this place I highly recommend it .	place	neutral
Large selection , I did n't really know what most of the sandwiches were , maybe a description would help and not hold up the line .	sandwiches	neutral
I also think they have an extra charge for debit or I paid $ 2 in taxes for $ 9 in baked goodies .	baked	neutral
It was a great authentic place , but just too many mystery charges .	place	neutral
That New York cheesecake was delish ! ! !	New York cheesecake	neutral
The hormel ham was just too over priced , I have a small market myself , and $ 6 .	hormel ham	neutral
I bit into the burger and hot grease went everywhere all over me .	burger	neutral
It literally exploded out of the burger like a bullet coming out of a gun .	burger	neutral
The grease went all over my cell phone and unfortunately all over my Puma brand hoodie that was a Christmas gift from my fiancee .	Puma	neutral
The grease went all over my cell phone and unfortunately all over my Puma brand hoodie that was a Christmas gift from my fiancee .	hoodie	neutral
Love this place for a lazy Sunday .	place	neutral
Great creative menu items and friendly staff .	menu items	neutral
Great creative menu items and friendly staff .	staff	neutral
Usually order the half skillet and half stack of protein pancakes .	half	neutral
But their benediction is excellent too	benediction	neutral
The the price the food is great .	food	neutral
I went to have dinner with my family and the restaurant was just big enough .	restaurant	neutral
I would not recommend going here for a large group of people as the restaurant is quite small .	restaurant	neutral
There are some novel things like making guac table side and good queso	guac	neutral
There are some novel things like making guac table side and good queso	queso	neutral
but the entrees is n't really that good at all .	entrees	neutral
Decent games .	games	neutral
Many games were temporarily busted - out of tickets or whatever , which would n't be a big deal IF THE STAFF ACTUALLY HELPED .	STAFF	neutral
Our wings seemed like they 'd been sitting .	wings	neutral
My daughter said the play structure was dirty inside , so much so that she would n't go back in , and that says A LOT , coming from my slide junkie .	play structure	neutral
Electronics is not open 24 hours and they have no signs at the front of the store that explain this ; instead you have to walk to the back of the store to see the section barricaded with a sign that says they will reopen at 7AM	Electronics	neutral
Good food , but treat your servers better .	food	neutral
Good food , but treat your servers better .	servers	neutral
The owner got really belligerent and poorly treated the servers while the customers were still present .	owner	neutral
The owner got really belligerent and poorly treated the servers while the customers were still present .	servers	neutral
Despite all the unpleasantness the servers acted in the utmost professional manner , and they are unsure as to if they would get paid for the day 's work .	servers	neutral
We spent Saturday night off the strip , and I liked this place !	place	neutral
They have an excellent beer selection .	beer selection	neutral
I shared the tuna sashimi and vodka sauce shrimp pasta with someone .	tuna	neutral
I shared the tuna sashimi and vodka sauce shrimp pasta with someone .	vodka sauce shrimp pasta	neutral
The food is good quality and the menu varied .	food	neutral
The food is good quality and the menu varied .	menu	neutral
This place used to be good .	place	neutral
The fried rice was over done by garlic and if you love garlic you would understand why I did n't like it cause I love garlic .	fried rice	neutral
Short ribs were horrible	Short ribs	neutral
Service was fine ...	Service	neutral
But I think their hibachi is n't worth the money .	hibachi	neutral
The chefs can hardly entertain ! ! !	chefs	neutral
I would come back on a normal business day to try the pizza or some of the lighter beers , but a brewery with such a small variety of beers and no beer - based foods is not what I 'm usually looking for in a brewery - but if you 're into trying new beers , definitely check them out .	beers	neutral
I would come back on a normal business day to try the pizza or some of the lighter beers , but a brewery with such a small variety of beers and no beer - based foods is not what I 'm usually looking for in a brewery - but if you 're into trying new beers , definitely check them out .	foods	neutral
This is a great all you can eat sushi spot ...	all you can eat	neutral
This is a great all you can eat sushi spot ...	sushi	neutral
has been delicious service has always been great also ! !	service	neutral
The food is exellent !	food	neutral
The spicy pork taste really good and the bulgogi is really tender .	spicy pork	neutral
The spicy pork taste really good and the bulgogi is really tender .	bulgogi	neutral
The service is fast .	service	neutral
Food here is PRICEY !	Food	neutral
Three of us shared the scallops , the sea bass , porterhouse steak and had a taste of the crab cake and oysters .	scallops	neutral
Three of us shared the scallops , the sea bass , porterhouse steak and had a taste of the crab cake and oysters .	sea bass	neutral
Three of us shared the scallops , the sea bass , porterhouse steak and had a taste of the crab cake and oysters .	porterhouse steak	neutral
Three of us shared the scallops , the sea bass , porterhouse steak and had a taste of the crab cake and oysters .	crab cake	neutral
The scallops were nice and tender .	scallops	neutral
The sea bass I felt could have used a bit more flavor other than salt and butter .	sea bass	neutral
I really wanted a nice sauce with the sea bass to bring out the sweetness of the fish , but I did n't get that .	sauce	neutral
I really wanted a nice sauce with the sea bass to bring out the sweetness of the fish , but I did n't get that .	sea bass	neutral
We chose some type of red wine sauce to go along with our steak and it was lacking flavor .	red wine sauce	neutral
We chose some type of red wine sauce to go along with our steak and it was lacking flavor .	steak	neutral
I really liked the tomato butter sauce and thought that went great with the steak .	tomato butter sauce	neutral
I really liked the tomato butter sauce and thought that went great with the steak .	steak	neutral
I wanted the crab cakes to be a bit more juicier .	crab cakes	neutral
I guess this is because they do n't put mayonnaise in their crab cakes .	crab cakes	neutral
Service was great .	Service	neutral
What kind of " tropical rain forest restaurant " gives you goosebumps .	restaurant	neutral
My daughters liked their blizzards .	blizzards	neutral
The vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup	vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup	neutral
Really good breakfast at a reasonable price and friendly staff ; what else can you ask for ?	breakfast	neutral
Really good breakfast at a reasonable price and friendly staff ; what else can you ask for ?	staff	neutral
Chicken Fried Steak was a little tough but the flavor was good ; no other complaints from anyone in our party of 6 .	Chicken Fried Steak	neutral
Chef made cinnamon rolls that were fresh & tasty .	cinnamon rolls	neutral
The steaks were ok but everything else was bad .	steaks	neutral
We ordered the onion appetizer and it was just awful , also the mashed potatoes tasted like cinnamon , they must have used the butter for the bread when making them , they were awful , and our server was obvious on something , he was sweaty , shaky , and moving around a little to fast , he also spilled one of our drinks on the table .	onion appetizer	neutral
We ordered the onion appetizer and it was just awful , also the mashed potatoes tasted like cinnamon , they must have used the butter for the bread when making them , they were awful , and our server was obvious on something , he was sweaty , shaky , and moving around a little to fast , he also spilled one of our drinks on the table .	mashed potatoes	neutral
We ordered the onion appetizer and it was just awful , also the mashed potatoes tasted like cinnamon , they must have used the butter for the bread when making them , they were awful , and our server was obvious on something , he was sweaty , shaky , and moving around a little to fast , he also spilled one of our drinks on the table .	server	neutral
Such a nice place ! !	place	neutral
The food is consistently delicious , and every day there is a yummy special on top of their already great menu .	food	neutral
The food is consistently delicious , and every day there is a yummy special on top of their already great menu .	menu	neutral
I enjoy the atmosphere , and can always count on a good meal and good service when I take my friends there .	atmosphere	neutral
I enjoy the atmosphere , and can always count on a good meal and good service when I take my friends there .	meal	neutral
I enjoy the atmosphere , and can always count on a good meal and good service when I take my friends there .	service	neutral
The food is delicious !	food	neutral
My husband had the ghost burger and I forgot what I had	ghost burger	neutral
but it had pineapple , onion ring and barbecue sauce - both were fantastic !	pineapple	neutral
but it had pineapple , onion ring and barbecue sauce - both were fantastic !	onion	neutral
but it had pineapple , onion ring and barbecue sauce - both were fantastic !	barbecue sauce	neutral
Both service & food were fantastic !	service	neutral
Both service & food were fantastic !	food	neutral
Thanks for a great meal .	meal	neutral
Great New York Style pizza !	New York	neutral
Great New York Style pizza !	pizza	neutral
I get pizza by the slice here often and the slices are huge .	pizza	neutral
I get pizza by the slice here often and the slices are huge .	slices	neutral
Calzones are quite tasty here as well .	Calzones	neutral
Thai Spring Roll definitely muddled things up by offering groupon coupons .	Thai Spring Roll	neutral
This place is usually empty with OK - ish food .	food	neutral
It 's a decent option for a quick meal but given all the selection in the Annex , this place does n't get a lot of business .	place	neutral
It was at capacity the first time I went and the food was served SO SLOW .	food	neutral
The mango salad is good and my green curry with prawns was OK too .	mango salad	neutral
The mango salad is good and my green curry with prawns was OK too .	green curry with prawns	neutral
Sticky rice was not cooked right ( it 's supposed to be sticky , not HARD ) .	Sticky rice	neutral
My mango chicken dish was terrible - tasted like they poured bottled sweet & sour sauce over some chicken pieces , mango and mini corncobs .	mango chicken dish	neutral
Ya , groupon fail .	groupon	neutral
Awful service .	service	neutral
Three servers , the two behind the bar are buddies up and seem to be having a good time while the one working the floor is sitting down and chit chatting with customers .	servers	neutral
I ca n't in good conscience recommend this restaurant to anyone with taste buds .	restaurant	neutral
The food here is utterly horrible .	food	neutral
I do n't know about you , but my idea of carnitas is slow roasted pork cooked on a spit .	carnitas	neutral
What I got were hard chunks of pork that had been dredged in flour ( or something ) and then deep fried .	pork	neutral
Even with the cream cheese and cheddar cheese , the chicken was too dry to eat .	cream	neutral
Even with the cream cheese and cheddar cheese , the chicken was too dry to eat .	cheddar	neutral
Even with the cream cheese and cheddar cheese , the chicken was too dry to eat .	chicken	neutral
The most surprising point of the evening was when the waiter came to take our check .	waiter	neutral
I find it hard to believe that we were the first people that found this food inedible .	food	neutral
Just a little note , they give you a lot of food so the potato skins were enough to fill me up .	potato skins	neutral
The potatoes were really yummy and had a lot of toppings .	potatoes	neutral
The frozen hot chocolate hit the spot but of course , even sharing it , it did n't get finished .	frozen hot chocolate	neutral
I will say , as weird as this sounds , the frozen hot chocolate offered at Serendipity in New York tastes different but that could just be me :)	frozen hot chocolate	neutral
Got ta add that the service was great !	service	neutral
Our waitress was extremely funny , polite and always made sure that we were doing well .	waitress	neutral
and I love my coffee .	coffee	neutral
A word of warning , if you do decide to try this restaurant out please remember that it is n't cheap .	restaurant	neutral
Serendipity is essentially a novelty restaurant IMO , you go there because you 've either seen / heard of the movie ( yes there is a movie ) or because you 've been / seen /	Serendipity	neutral
, I guarantee you 'll hear about one of the most expensive sundaes which Serendipity offers ) .	sundaes	neutral
This place is a gem .	place	neutral
If you enjoy top quality Mediterranean food at affordable prices , this is your spot .	Mediterranean food	neutral
All the ingredients are local and fresh which attracted me to this place .	ingredients	neutral
All the ingredients are local and fresh which attracted me to this place .	place	neutral
Husband ordered the sante fe eggs Benedict and	sante fe	neutral
Husband ordered the sante fe eggs Benedict and	eggs Benedict	neutral
Room is spacious and clean .	Room	neutral
Overall a great joint !	joint	neutral
I love boba and have tried so many places and this one 's the worst , the boba is over cooked and so soft , not the chewy kind most places offer .	boba	neutral
The drinks are always way too sweet even though I ask for only half of one pump sweetener ( they usually put 4 I think ) , they always get my sugar level wrong even though I tell the cashier , and I have to get them to remake it .	drinks	neutral
Also like to add that the shop is filthy , the floor is n't clean and I saw syrup around the floor .	shop	neutral
Bought boba here a few times and received same service every time .	boba	neutral
It 's a small hole in the wall spot .	spot	neutral
The broth was good , it could be better .	broth	neutral
The noodles were decent .	noodles	neutral
Meat was tender .	Meat	neutral
First , the shape of this particular store is odd because it 's in the corner of the strip mall .	store	neutral
Aisles are so close together	Aisles	neutral
Upon checking out , the " asst manager ? " was helping bag and telling the cashier how another employee was doing unprofessional things with customers nearby .	manager	neutral
Prices are ok , but selection is n't .	selection	neutral
The dishes I picked are so - so .	dishes	neutral
The beef ramen is pretty good though .	beef ramen	neutral
Hanoi Chicken - really dry .	Hanoi Chicken	neutral
I wonder why they do n't have the ginger and green onion sauce ....	ginger and green onion sauce	neutral
The flavored rice is decent .	flavored rice	neutral
Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings - kinda salty .	Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings	neutral
The food 's really cheap	food	neutral
the food is pretty good , but it is SOOOO LOUDDDDD that i was unable to really enjoy the experience .	food	neutral
stick to the patio .	patio	neutral
I suffered through tight dirty restaurant space , non smiling and rude waitress to eat all the delicious chiu chow food ..	restaurant	neutral
I suffered through tight dirty restaurant space , non smiling and rude waitress to eat all the delicious chiu chow food ..	waitress	neutral
I suffered through tight dirty restaurant space , non smiling and rude waitress to eat all the delicious chiu chow food ..	chiu chow food	neutral
Clean and spacious space and with the same menu .	space	neutral
Clean and spacious space and with the same menu .	menu	neutral
When I inhaled and tasted that milky fish broth , I almost have tears in my eyes ...	fish broth	neutral
maybe a major problem in this smallish plaza	plaza	neutral
I 've wondered about this place for a while now but have been reluctant to go since it looks another boring chain place .	place	neutral
Therefore , I had to set aside my innate SF disdain for commercial eateries	eateries	neutral
So I braved my fears and finally tried this cozy looking place in the middle of nowhere that serves pizza , panini , and pasta .	pizza	neutral
So I braved my fears and finally tried this cozy looking place in the middle of nowhere that serves pizza , panini , and pasta .	panini	neutral
I 'm saddened to say my initial trepidation was well founded : our food turned out to be very average .	food	neutral
The mozzarella in our Caprese Salad was n't fresh , the cheese tortellini tasted like it came from Costco , and the pizza sauce was bland .	mozzarella	neutral
The mozzarella in our Caprese Salad was n't fresh , the cheese tortellini tasted like it came from Costco , and the pizza sauce was bland .	Caprese Salad	neutral
The mozzarella in our Caprese Salad was n't fresh , the cheese tortellini tasted like it came from Costco , and the pizza sauce was bland .	cheese tortellini	neutral
The mozzarella in our Caprese Salad was n't fresh , the cheese tortellini tasted like it came from Costco , and the pizza sauce was bland .	pizza sauce	neutral
Big time change in menu .......	menu	neutral
NOT good , Waitress told us not many people	Waitress	neutral
they did agree to fix a pasta for me , which was an OK dish .	pasta	neutral
Mimis is a old timers place	Mimis	neutral
Really great food with even better service the people really care about you and what you order .	food	neutral
Really great food with even better service the people really care about you and what you order .	service	neutral
The burritos have the taste to back it up and there is many different kind that you can try .	burritos	neutral
I have had the shrimp and chicken burrito and the both get an A+ in my book .	shrimp	neutral
I have had the shrimp and chicken burrito and the both get an A+ in my book .	chicken burrito	neutral
I would recommend this place to a friend and I will be going back .	place	neutral
Yum ! Great ingredients !	ingredients	neutral
Love a good pepperoni pizza with a glass of sauvignon blanc and pino for my love .	pepperoni pizza	neutral
Love a good pepperoni pizza with a glass of sauvignon blanc and pino for my love .	glass of sauvignon blanc	neutral
Love a good pepperoni pizza with a glass of sauvignon blanc and pino for my love .	pino	neutral
Great service and kiick back atmosphere .	service	neutral
Great service and kiick back atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Decent enough music too !	music	neutral
I never thought in my lifetime that I would give a Denny 's a great review but surprise , surprise I am .	Denny 's	neutral
Middle of the night really craving blueberry pancakes and side of bacon	blueberry pancakes	neutral
They delivered my tasty food quickly .	food	neutral
Thanks Denny 's .	Denny 's	neutral
The T - Rex is simply one of the best pizzas we have ever had .	T - Rex	neutral
Super thin crust , fresh ingredients , and excellent pizza .	thin	neutral
Super thin crust , fresh ingredients , and excellent pizza .	crust	neutral
Super thin crust , fresh ingredients , and excellent pizza .	ingredients	neutral
Super thin crust , fresh ingredients , and excellent pizza .	pizza	neutral
I 'm surprised i have not reviewed this place yet ! !	place	neutral
By far my favorite restaurant in vegas ... i know there is no famous chef here , or the place is not named after a famous chef , but hey its 24 hours , the best bread on the strip and servings are huge ! !	restaurant	neutral
By far my favorite restaurant in vegas ... i know there is no famous chef here , or the place is not named after a famous chef , but hey its 24 hours , the best bread on the strip and servings are huge ! !	chef	neutral
By far my favorite restaurant in vegas ... i know there is no famous chef here , or the place is not named after a famous chef , but hey its 24 hours , the best bread on the strip and servings are huge ! !	bread	neutral
By far my favorite restaurant in vegas ... i know there is no famous chef here , or the place is not named after a famous chef , but hey its 24 hours , the best bread on the strip and servings are huge ! !	servings	neutral
IMO an upscale cheesecake factory ...	cheesecake	neutral
the fries are DELICIOUS ... and those philly cheese egg rolls or something like that are pretty yummy as well ! !	fries	neutral
the fries are DELICIOUS ... and those philly cheese egg rolls or something like that are pretty yummy as well ! !	philly cheese egg rolls	neutral
Wait is never too bad and prices are decent , much better than the overpriced restaurants in vegas , and i can come here in PJs ! !	Wait	neutral
I did n't care for the sauce ; it still had that " aluminum " taste ( or maybe it 's just me ) that most places are able to mask a little better .	sauce	neutral
Pepperoni pizza	Pepperoni pizza	neutral
I really liked the toppings and the crust ; the crust was chewy , buttery , and soft , the pepperoni were insanely good and got that little bit of crisp around the edges .	toppings	neutral
I really liked the toppings and the crust ; the crust was chewy , buttery , and soft , the pepperoni were insanely good and got that little bit of crisp around the edges .	crust	neutral
I really liked the toppings and the crust ; the crust was chewy , buttery , and soft , the pepperoni were insanely good and got that little bit of crisp around the edges .	crust	neutral
I really liked the toppings and the crust ; the crust was chewy , buttery , and soft , the pepperoni were insanely good and got that little bit of crisp around the edges .	pepperoni	neutral
I almost bought some pepperoni to take home , but it was something insane , like $ 10 for a pint .	pepperoni	neutral
The only tiff I had about the service was that the garlic buns and the pizza arrived within a moment of one another .	service	neutral
The only tiff I had about the service was that the garlic buns and the pizza arrived within a moment of one another .	garlic buns	neutral
The only tiff I had about the service was that the garlic buns and the pizza arrived within a moment of one another .	pizza	neutral
I hate not having any time to enjoy my appetizer before my entree comes .	appetizer	neutral
Good pizza .	pizza	neutral
The furniture was a bit wobbly ?	furniture	neutral
The waitress was very knowledgable and friendly as we had never tried this type of food before .	waitress	neutral
The food was amazing , a little pricey but the portions were large .	food	neutral
The food was amazing , a little pricey but the portions were large .	portions	neutral
I effing LOVE TBC .	TBC	neutral
Located smack dab in the middle of " the scene " its truely the best breakfast place in town .	breakfast place	neutral
While you wait for a table ( and you WILL wait for a table ) , sit outside on the patio and people watch some of Scottsdale 's finest .	patio	neutral
The Breakfast club is nt all about being the " it " place to be though , its also about the food .	Breakfast club	neutral
The Breakfast club is nt all about being the " it " place to be though , its also about the food .	food	neutral
Those of you who just came from the gym might want to try the egg white veggie omelet or the best oatmeal this side of the Mississip ...	egg white veggie omelet	neutral
Those of you who just came from the gym might want to try the egg white veggie omelet or the best oatmeal this side of the Mississip ...	oatmeal	neutral
Those of us nursing a killer hangover might stick to the cinnamon challah french toast , benedict - style eggs , or belgian waffles ...	cinnamon challah french toast	neutral
Those of us nursing a killer hangover might stick to the cinnamon challah french toast , benedict - style eggs , or belgian waffles ...	benedict	neutral
Those of us nursing a killer hangover might stick to the cinnamon challah french toast , benedict - style eggs , or belgian waffles ...	eggs	neutral
Those of us nursing a killer hangover might stick to the cinnamon challah french toast , benedict - style eggs , or belgian waffles ...	belgian waffles	neutral
Lunch at TBC is round two of fabulousness .	Lunch	neutral
Salads , sandwiches , sweet potato fries ...	Salads	neutral
Salads , sandwiches , sweet potato fries ...	sandwiches	neutral
The best meal we had in a long time .	meal	neutral
Beautiful old decor , excellent and fast service , and delicious food .	decor	neutral
Beautiful old decor , excellent and fast service , and delicious food .	service	neutral
Beautiful old decor , excellent and fast service , and delicious food .	food	neutral
A restaurant with an intelligent sense of humor : read the back cover of the menu , talk to the staff , and you shall see .	staff	neutral
The portions are generous , and soft drinks and teas get refilled without having to ask .	portions	neutral
The portions are generous , and soft drinks and teas get refilled without having to ask .	soft	neutral
Crab soup , nachos , fries , onion rings , chicken dishes , and the London Broil were all perfect .	Crab soup	neutral
Crab soup , nachos , fries , onion rings , chicken dishes , and the London Broil were all perfect .	nachos	neutral
Crab soup , nachos , fries , onion rings , chicken dishes , and the London Broil were all perfect .	fries	neutral
Crab soup , nachos , fries , onion rings , chicken dishes , and the London Broil were all perfect .	onion rings	neutral
Crab soup , nachos , fries , onion rings , chicken dishes , and the London Broil were all perfect .	chicken dishes	neutral
Crab soup , nachos , fries , onion rings , chicken dishes , and the London Broil were all perfect .	London Broil	neutral
They had a good selection of beer and wine , all available by glass , but had to drive , so could not try .	selection	neutral
They had a good selection of beer and wine , all available by glass , but had to drive , so could not try .	beer	neutral
They had a good selection of beer and wine , all available by glass , but had to drive , so could not try .	wine	neutral
The prices are moderate , which makes this place an excellent value , which I would definitely recommend to a friend .	place	neutral
Great people .	people	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
Derek is super sexy ! !	Derek	neutral
Great selection , awsome flavors , knowledgeable staff .	staff	neutral
We arrived at 10:05 and were disappointed that the menudo was not ready which was the reason we went .	menudo	neutral
The horchata was not homemade and was on the sweet side with no hint of cinnamon .	horchata	neutral
I had huevos a la mexicana and it was OK .	huevos a la mexicana	neutral
The best item we ordered was the carne asada quesadilla .	carne asada quesadilla	neutral
I will try it again to try their street tacos .	street tacos	neutral
You can customize everything from your soup base , type of noodles ( eg .	soup base	neutral
You can customize everything from your soup base , type of noodles ( eg .	noodles	neutral
Vermicelli , udon , thick noodles ) and choose two toppings ( you can add more for an additional price ) .	udon	neutral
I 've often opted for the Laksa base which has a bit of spice but for the average person it should n't be too spicy .	Laksa base	neutral
If I 'm not mistaken it 's approximately $ 10 a bowl of soup noodles	soup noodles	neutral
Our sandwiches , prosciutto and meatball , were so delicious !	sandwiches	neutral
Our sandwiches , prosciutto and meatball , were so delicious !	prosciutto	neutral
Our sandwiches , prosciutto and meatball , were so delicious !	meatball	neutral
I can not wait to go back and try their dinner and brunch ! ! !	dinner	neutral
Since my lunch experience , I have went back for brunch and dinner and I am now obsessed with this place ! ! !	place	neutral
Everything at dinner from the cheese plate to the pasta to the tiramisu was to die for ! ! ! !	cheese plate	neutral
Everything at dinner from the cheese plate to the pasta to the tiramisu was to die for ! ! ! !	pasta	neutral
Everything at dinner from the cheese plate to the pasta to the tiramisu was to die for ! ! ! !	tiramisu	neutral
Brunch has to be my favorite !	Brunch	neutral
The eggs Benedict was the best I have ever had !	eggs Benedict	neutral
The lemon ricotta pancakes were so light and fluffy and full of flavor and you ca n't beat the prices !	lemon ricotta pancakes	neutral
The service is good when it 's on , but that is sporadic .	service	neutral
First , they would not allow me to keep my phone number of fifteen years because service was going to be suspended for more than 30 days .	service	neutral
Customer service stinks .	Customer service	neutral
I have always enjoyed this property .	property	neutral
While it appears a little dated , it still maintains the wonderful level of courteous and helpful staff .	staff	neutral
Restaurants were very good .	Restaurants	neutral
Recommend this property .	property	neutral
Attentive and friendly staff that caters to your needs .	staff	neutral
Food is only okay , overpriced and portion sizes are tiny .	Food	neutral
Food is only okay , overpriced and portion sizes are tiny .	portion sizes	neutral
Service is terrible and extremely slow .	Service	neutral
I had the veal meatloaf with mashed potatoes .	veal meatloaf	neutral
Two of the thinnest pieces of asparagus I have ever seen .	asparagus	neutral
Our server dropped off the food and disappeared for a long time so there was no real opportunity to ask about it until everyone else was done eating .	server	neutral
This was underscored by the state of the bathrooms which were nastier than a truck stop .	bathrooms	neutral
We can only hope that the men 's bathroom is actually clean and the kitchen staff was male .	men 's bathroom	neutral
We can only hope that the men 's bathroom is actually clean and the kitchen staff was male .	kitchen staff	neutral
Good place to stop by and get some food .	place	neutral
Chicken Katsu is really great .	Chicken Katsu	neutral
Very good portions .	portions	neutral
Only reason I gave this place one less star is because the teriyaki sauce is a little watered down .	teriyaki sauce	neutral
But turned it it 's teriyaki .	teriyaki	neutral
But overall the place has great food and flavor	place	neutral
But overall the place has great food and flavor	food	neutral
Suarez bakery is a lovely bakery conveniently located near me	Suarez bakery	neutral
and I 've been trying out the pastries here for a while	pastries	neutral
I wanted a fairly standard birthday cake with a blue ombre effect fading into white near the top .	blue ombre effect	neutral
However the cake tasted delicious and I would say the design mistake did n't really effect the presentation too much !	cake	neutral
Thanks Suarez for helping me be a hit with the kids and tiring the parents out !	Suarez	neutral
The yellow curry bowl is my favorite !	yellow curry bowl	neutral
The food is great .	food	neutral
They have alligator tail , it is seasonal .	alligator tail	neutral
Service is always great .	Service	neutral
Just a small sit down bar area that has Sin City on draft .	bar area	neutral
Tasting - $ 6 - You get to try the 5 beers they have on tap .	beers	neutral
Beer was cold and tasty .	Beer	neutral
if you want to try the local brews .	brews	neutral
Three stars is described as " A - OK " and that is exactly how I felt about the bottle shop .	bottle shop	neutral
They have tons of drafts and bottles ( obviously ) , but I went with the Bell 's Oberon which was on special for $ 3 , as I thought that was a good price .	drafts	neutral
The pretzels were hot and fried and the cheese was tasty , though it could have been a bit hotter .	pretzels	neutral
The pretzels were hot and fried and the cheese was tasty , though it could have been a bit hotter .	cheese	neutral
For my dinner I got the brisket sandwich , which was one of the chef 's specials .	brisket sandwich	neutral
The brisket was well prepared and not overcooked , but the bun was standard grocery store hamburger bun style	brisket	neutral
The brisket was well prepared and not overcooked , but the bun was standard grocery store hamburger bun style	bun	neutral
The fries were tasty but a small portion ( fine with me as that 's already plenty of food but some people probably would have felt shorted ) .	fries	neutral
The fries were tasty but a small portion ( fine with me as that 's already plenty of food but some people probably would have felt shorted ) .	portion	neutral
They do have a patio but did n't have the misters on and were n't serving out there .	patio	neutral
Help help help me locate and receive the long white pvc pipe containing my art banner that I left outside your store entrance to the left of the pillar against the window across from A10 in Charlotte airport at 5 pm Jan 9 .	pvc	neutral
FIlthy parking lot , attached to the Motel 6 , did n't even look open .	parking lot	neutral
do n't hate plaYa ! !	plaYa	neutral
Actually I 've been in Vegas for a little less than a month now , so I do n't have too many brunch spots on the strip , but I still love this place .	place	neutral
Nice tip : Also learned this from My T , when you 're waiting for your table , there is a bar in the back in the outside area where you can hang out and people watch and enjoy a drink .	bar	neutral
Good food ( a bit pricey , but that 's how the strip rolls ) good people watching and other views like the fountains	food	neutral
Good food ( a bit pricey , but that 's how the strip rolls ) good people watching and other views like the fountains	people watching	neutral
, this place is cool .	place	neutral
I still would give it 5 stars even though I feel the food is a bit pricey .	food	neutral
Recommendations on food are the salmon salad if you are gon na be a weenie and not want something greasy like me sometimes , or I would go steak frites if you wanna go big .	salmon salad	neutral
The fries are crispy which is too annoying .	fries	neutral
I have yet to try the onion soup , everyone seems to be raving about it !	onion soup	neutral
Smoothies are yummy ...	Smoothies	neutral
But COME ON $ 10 for a burger	burger	neutral
and you get 10 fries ...	fries	neutral
But fix your fry PROBS ! !	fry PROBS	neutral
The food is off the hook ! ! !	food	neutral
Awesome , waitresses are nice and friendly .	waitresses	neutral
If ure not much for beers or any other type of alcohol ?	beers	neutral
Then do n't drink any of the soft drinks , the iced tea , Sprite & Coke drinks are not brand name and their TERRIBLE ! ! ! ! !	soft drinks	neutral
Then do n't drink any of the soft drinks , the iced tea , Sprite & Coke drinks are not brand name and their TERRIBLE ! ! ! ! !	iced tea	neutral
Then do n't drink any of the soft drinks , the iced tea , Sprite & Coke drinks are not brand name and their TERRIBLE ! ! ! ! !	Sprite	neutral
Then do n't drink any of the soft drinks , the iced tea , Sprite & Coke drinks are not brand name and their TERRIBLE ! ! ! ! !	Coke drinks	neutral
No need to complain about the employees .	employees	neutral
The fresh fish at the back is amazing .	fresh fish	neutral
The fresh fish at the back is amazing .	back	neutral
One second you see a lovely fish in its tank and the other he 's been smacked on the head to become some Asian guy 's main ingredient .	fish	neutral
Tiramisu was n't anything special .	Tiramisu	neutral
Food was good .	Food	neutral
The edamame and fried tempura were absolutely amazing for a small appetizer before our sushi .	edamame	neutral
The edamame and fried tempura were absolutely amazing for a small appetizer before our sushi .	fried tempura	neutral
The sushi menu does n't really have too much of a variety .	sushi menu	neutral
And the music was just so loud that I could n't enjoy my company 's conversation .	music	neutral
Loved this place .	place	neutral
Great atmosphere and friendly attentive staff .	atmosphere	neutral
Great atmosphere and friendly attentive staff .	staff	neutral
The sweet potato fries are hands down the best I 've ever eaten .	sweet potato fries	neutral
I do n't think there 's a bad dish at this restaurant .	dish	neutral
I 've been here countless times for what I consider the best breakfast in Vegas .	breakfast	neutral
The menu is huge and the prices are low ... never paid more than $ 10 for food here , and always leave stuffed .	menu	neutral
Even tried a couple lunch dishes and was not disappointed with the quality or the portions .	lunch dishes	neutral
Even tried a couple lunch dishes and was not disappointed with the quality or the portions .	portions	neutral
Hands down the best fast food burger .	fast food	neutral
Hands down the best fast food burger .	burger	neutral
Not only that though - the chicken sandwich is a - m - a - z - i - n - g !	chicken sandwich	neutral
The restaurant and decor reminds me of a small - town kind of place , you know , kind of " homey .	restaurant	neutral
The restaurant and decor reminds me of a small - town kind of place , you know , kind of " homey .	decor	neutral
She gave her opinion and we selected the whiskey penne pasta blackened and jambalaya blackened .	whiskey penne pasta	neutral
Both were cooked and flavored just the way we liked it with the right mix of ingredients .	ingredients	neutral
When he stopped by our table , I told him how great the food was .	food	neutral
A very , very friendly person , just what one would expect in a small - town kind of place .	person	neutral
A very , very friendly person , just what one would expect in a small - town kind of place .	place	neutral
Paige is very efficient and friendly , and we enjoyed having her as our server .	Paige	neutral
The hostess gave a bad first impression .	hostess	neutral
The restaurant made me feel like I was in a maze based on the movie Angels & Demons .	restaurant	neutral
The d辿cor was very creepy and all I could think about was how dusty it all looked .	d辿cor	neutral
The food was hit or miss .	food	neutral
I liked the salad dressing and the bread ( not the mozzarella bread ) , but the baked ziti was dry , tough , and very skimpy on the sauce .	salad dressing	neutral
I liked the salad dressing and the bread ( not the mozzarella bread ) , but the baked ziti was dry , tough , and very skimpy on the sauce .	bread	neutral
I liked the salad dressing and the bread ( not the mozzarella bread ) , but the baked ziti was dry , tough , and very skimpy on the sauce .	baked ziti	neutral
I liked the salad dressing and the bread ( not the mozzarella bread ) , but the baked ziti was dry , tough , and very skimpy on the sauce .	sauce	neutral
The worst part was the $ 24 for a carafe of sangria , which turned out extremely watered down since it was filled halfway up with ice .	carafe	neutral
The worst part was the $ 24 for a carafe of sangria , which turned out extremely watered down since it was filled halfway up with ice .	sangria	neutral
Best smoothies around ! !	smoothies	neutral
Must try the acai bowls ! !	acai bowls	neutral
Cooking is great	Cooking	neutral
, staff is great , this really just takes me back to Philippines .	staff	neutral
Great breakfast / brunch this morning at Amuse Bouche .	breakfast	neutral
Great breakfast / brunch this morning at Amuse Bouche .	Amuse Bouche	neutral
Food was prepared well & delicious .	Food	neutral
Croissants will melt in your mouth .	Croissants	neutral
Staff very welcoming , helpful , courteous & attentive .	Staff	neutral
We will be back to enjoy more of their wonderful food .	food	neutral
I do n't mind to spend $ $ $ if the food worth it鐚however鐚I was not satisfied with food we got here .	food	neutral
I do n't mind to spend $ $ $ if the food worth it鐚however鐚I was not satisfied with food we got here .	food	neutral
Since the disappointing dining experience鐚I gave this place two stars .	place	neutral
To my surprise , the business owner left me a message the next day and his tone was full of sarcasm .	business owner	neutral
When you walk into a hip , trendy and new restaurant you automatically discount that the food is going to be as good as the overall ambiance .... not in this case !	restaurant	neutral
When you walk into a hip , trendy and new restaurant you automatically discount that the food is going to be as good as the overall ambiance .... not in this case !	food	neutral
When you walk into a hip , trendy and new restaurant you automatically discount that the food is going to be as good as the overall ambiance .... not in this case !	ambiance	neutral
First , you have to get one of their fantastic cocktails .	cocktails	neutral
Yes , they 've got cool sound names , but the bartender backs it up with a solid concoction !	bartender	neutral
Next , the appetizers tasted great and were not the same old same old .	appetizers	neutral
Definitely try the unique Philly cheese steak egg roll especially if you are eating with someone from Philly !	Philly cheese steak egg roll	neutral
The Brussel Sprouts are the it vegetable right now and these did not disappoint while I still thought I was eating something healthy .	Brussel Sprouts	neutral
The beet appetizer was on point !	beet appetizer	neutral
Side note a few people in our party thought a few of the dishes were salty .	dishes	neutral
Next we got a nice bottle of red wine to go with our dinner .	bottle of red wine	neutral
The fish special was phenomenal ; the red broth was delicious and they use Noble bread which is a huge plus .	fish special	neutral
The fish special was phenomenal ; the red broth was delicious and they use Noble bread which is a huge plus .	red broth	neutral
The fish special was phenomenal ; the red broth was delicious and they use Noble bread which is a huge plus .	Noble bread	neutral
Other people in our party got some other dishes which quiet honestly I do n't recall as I was really into my food ( and alcohol ) .	dishes	neutral
Definitely give Stock & Stable a try well worth the reasonable prices for high quality .	Stock & Stable	neutral
This location is on point .	location	neutral
From the time we walked in the door we were given killer service .	service	neutral
Brittany , was an awesome server .	Brittany	neutral
She gave solid suggestions and made the already badass main dining room feel comfortable , like I had been here before .	main dining room	neutral
Would definitely suggest to anyone looking for a delicious meal , completed with quality southern hospitality .	meal	neutral
Would definitely suggest to anyone looking for a delicious meal , completed with quality southern hospitality .	southern hospitality	neutral
A nice brewpub located in the historic part of the city .	brewpub	neutral
I tried their beer flight .	beer flight	neutral
All the beers I tried were pretty good .	beers	neutral
Some beer flights are hit or miss or all over the place .	beer flights	neutral
The burger was really good .	burger	neutral
One thing I notice about the burger was how thick it was .	burger	neutral
This is how beef patty is suppose to look like .	beef patty	neutral
Overall , a nice place for some beer and food .	place	neutral
Atmosphere is laid back with a lot of windows and natural sun light .	Atmosphere	neutral
Atmosphere is laid back with a lot of windows and natural sun light .	windows	neutral
Atmosphere is laid back with a lot of windows and natural sun light .	sun light	neutral
The tea was stale and undrinkable , the egg rolls tasted spoiled and the noodles tasted as if they had been cooked days ago and stored In a cardboard box .	tea	neutral
The tea was stale and undrinkable , the egg rolls tasted spoiled and the noodles tasted as if they had been cooked days ago and stored In a cardboard box .	egg rolls	neutral
The tea was stale and undrinkable , the egg rolls tasted spoiled and the noodles tasted as if they had been cooked days ago and stored In a cardboard box .	noodles	neutral
It 's the quality of food .	food	neutral
Sashimi Set : all sashimi taste exactly the same .	Sashimi	neutral
Sashimi Set : all sashimi taste exactly the same .	sashimi	neutral
No fish taste .	fish	neutral
The GTA roll is okay .	GTA roll	neutral
The pressed sushi set : too little fish and too much rice .	pressed sushi set	neutral
The portion is just wrong .	portion	neutral
The fish does n't stick on the rice .	fish	neutral
The skewers are not bad .	skewers	neutral
Always unimpressed with the staff and service , though it 's only been especially horrible on two of my visits .	staff	neutral
Always unimpressed with the staff and service , though it 's only been especially horrible on two of my visits .	service	neutral
Food is ok at best , but generally regrettable .	Food	neutral
I had a decent burger once .	burger	neutral
I would also opt for fries over the " tater - tots " , which I was excited to try but tasted like badly - seasoned , room temperature balls of starch with a tough outer coating .	tater - tots	neutral
Service wise , I 've had a server who smelled of alcohol ,	Service	neutral
Service wise , I 've had a server who smelled of alcohol ,	server	neutral
Another time I ordered an old fashioned , only to have my server return ten minutes later to tell me the bartender is " an idiot " , does n't know how to make it , and was currently on medication .	server	neutral
Another time I ordered an old fashioned , only to have my server return ten minutes later to tell me the bartender is " an idiot " , does n't know how to make it , and was currently on medication .	bartender	neutral
I ordered something else and when the server finally brought it to the table there was a fruit fly floating in the glass .	server	neutral
I would absolutely never return to the Burntwood Tavern my own volition - especially with several better options in the center of town .	Burntwood	neutral
The place is usually busy and I still ca n't figure out why .	place	neutral
Maybe Brecksville residents just do n't want to see yet another restaurant in this building fail , as it 's been home to many short - lived ventures in recent years .	restaurant	neutral
The servers are welcoming and the rolls always come with aesthetic plating	servers	neutral
The servers are welcoming and the rolls always come with aesthetic plating	rolls	neutral
I prefer getting Energy or the Golden bridge rolls .	Golden bridge rolls	neutral
The pressed sushi is also solid .	pressed sushi	neutral
I got home and found my broccoli RAW .	broccoli	neutral
MICROWAVES CHANGE	MICROWAVES	neutral
STRUCTURE OF THE FOOD	FOOD	neutral
WHAT TO DO WITH THIS FOOD .... why pay money for good food when it is then ruined by a microwaave .......	FOOD	neutral
WHAT TO DO WITH THIS FOOD .... why pay money for good food when it is then ruined by a microwaave .......	food	neutral
This is our regular shawarma dive and it did n't disappoint this holiday weekend lunch .	shawarma	neutral
Service is friendly .	Service	neutral
Food is reliable and generous .	Food	neutral
Sometimes you just need good , cheap shawarma and this is the spot .	shawarma	neutral
Once was after leaving a disappointing Bartolotta meal , and another time was for a to - go lunch .	Bartolotta	neutral
Once was after leaving a disappointing Bartolotta meal , and another time was for a to - go lunch .	meal	neutral
I had cordial and timely service .	service	neutral
Freshwater Eel - Good	Freshwater Eel	neutral
I ordered brown rice which was not thoroughly cooked and still quite hard .	brown rice	neutral
Poor service from beginning to end ! ! !	service	neutral
After a very long time the food arrived and was room temperature .	food	neutral
The poached eggs ordered medium and were hard as a boiled eggs .	poached eggs	neutral
Customer service is zero !	Customer service	neutral
Loved this place !	place	neutral
You have to go early to do the " aqua sulis rituals " (	aqua sulis	neutral
i. e. the hot and cold pools ) as well as the steam room .	hot and cold pools	neutral
i. e. the hot and cold pools ) as well as the steam room .	steam room	neutral
I love a good steam !	steam	neutral
The men did n't have services done , so they had to pay a $ 25 fee for use of the spa for the day .	spa	neutral
It was disappointing that the outside spa pool was not in service on the day we went .	outside spa pool	neutral
There is also a huge pool area ( outside of the spa , the regular hotel pool ) which is beautiful .	pool area	neutral
Pedicures were amazing .	Pedicures	neutral
Very generous portions of cheese , very good cheese , very generous and good wine .	portions	neutral
Very generous portions of cheese , very good cheese , very generous and good wine .	cheese	neutral
Very generous portions of cheese , very good cheese , very generous and good wine .	cheese	neutral
Very generous portions of cheese , very good cheese , very generous and good wine .	wine	neutral
It was Ravenswood Zinfandel , one of my favorites !	Zinfandel	neutral
The chairs that you sit in during the pedicure are awesome .	chairs	neutral
And the foot bath you put your feet in is amazing .	foot bath	neutral
The only thing I think that could be improved would be a walk through of the spa area explaining the aqua sulis rituals .	spa area	neutral
but i have to say that the side trip to the spa was the best part of my trip , and i would LOVE to go back just to stay at this place and do spa days every day !	spa	neutral
The entry way to the hotel looked amazing too .	entry	neutral
The only negative is if you wanted to have a couples experience at a spa , this is not the right spa to do that in .	spa	neutral
The only shared co - ed area of the spa is the outdoor area pool and the gym .	outdoor area pool	neutral
This place is wonderful and absolutely 100 % definitely worth the trip off the strip .	place	neutral
WAY early before your appointment to give yourself PLENTY of time to enjoy the spa !	spa	neutral
Honestly , the food gets a 5/5 ( we had the sea bass and braised beef dish which was da BOMB ! ! )	food	neutral
Honestly , the food gets a 5/5 ( we had the sea bass and braised beef dish which was da BOMB ! ! )	sea bass	neutral
Honestly , the food gets a 5/5 ( we had the sea bass and braised beef dish which was da BOMB ! ! )	braised beef dish	neutral
and the only reason why I am not giving it 5 is the service .	service	neutral
Although the host advised that all of the tables were reserved ( there were 3 small tables that stayed empty the whole time we were there until we left ) , our only option was sitting at the bar which was n't a problem .	bar	neutral
It was not a super busy night as the tables were not full and there were about 5 + waiters but the bartender who was " serving " us , could n't be bothered to put down the drinks she was making to listen to us .	waiters	neutral
It was not a super busy night as the tables were not full and there were about 5 + waiters but the bartender who was " serving " us , could n't be bothered to put down the drinks she was making to listen to us .	bartender	neutral
My husband who barely notices these things even commented how bad the server was .	server	neutral
As much as I loved the food , i would second guess coming to this place due to the shitty service with a big side of attitude .	food	neutral
As much as I loved the food , i would second guess coming to this place due to the shitty service with a big side of attitude .	service	neutral
I had the ahi tuna tacos and a dark and stormy , and my wife had a mojito .	ahi tuna tacos	neutral
I had the ahi tuna tacos and a dark and stormy , and my wife had a mojito .	dark and stormy	neutral
The tacos came 4 to an order , but were so delicious I could have eaten a dozen by myself !	tacos	neutral
The cocktails were just perfect , a good quality rum and a bartender who really knows their stuff makes a world of difference !	cocktails	neutral
The cocktails were just perfect , a good quality rum and a bartender who really knows their stuff makes a world of difference !	rum	neutral
The cocktails were just perfect , a good quality rum and a bartender who really knows their stuff makes a world of difference !	bartender	neutral
The interior is nicely decorated and comfy .	interior	neutral
This resulted in several flies walking up and down the inside of the window next to me and occasionally buzzing down around my food .	window	neutral
Second , the summer rolls , while good , were not particularly flavorful .	summer rolls	neutral
The roast pork in them seemed bland and the only thing I really tasted was the basil .	roast pork	neutral
The roast pork in them seemed bland and the only thing I really tasted was the basil .	basil	neutral
They came with a peanut based sauce that was thick and topped with more peanuts .	sauce	neutral
Third , the com dish ( broken rice with grilled pork ) did n't seem to have any herbs .	com dish	neutral
Third , the com dish ( broken rice with grilled pork ) did n't seem to have any herbs .	grilled pork	neutral
There was no cilantro or basil .	cilantro	neutral
The rice was good	rice	neutral
The pork appeared to be a thin cut pork chop and while the flavor was good I encountered quite a bit of fat and gristle in the meat .	pork	neutral
The pork appeared to be a thin cut pork chop and while the flavor was good I encountered quite a bit of fat and gristle in the meat .	meat	neutral
The latter did n't seem to have a lot of flavor and tasted almost like a watered down soup of some sort .	soup	neutral
The dish did have a nice piece of Vietnamese meat - loaf on the plate and this was quite flavorful .	dish	neutral
The best part of the meal was the bahn mi which I took back to work .	bahn mi	neutral
The sauce , cilantro and jalapeno were very flavorful .	sauce	neutral
The sauce , cilantro and jalapeno were very flavorful .	cilantro	neutral
The sauce , cilantro and jalapeno were very flavorful .	jalapeno	neutral
The size of the sandwich was great for $ 2 .	sandwich	neutral
The bread , however , was uniformly soft rather than having a crusty exterior as I 've come to expect from bahn mi .	bread	neutral
Also , the grilled pork had quite a bit of gristle	grilled pork	neutral
In their favor , Saigon Grille has only recently opened so hopefully they 'll work out some of the kinks .	Saigon Grille	neutral
Finally tried this place on a Friday night .	place	neutral
Our table was wobbly and our server noticed this .	table	neutral
Our table was wobbly and our server noticed this .	server	neutral
Props to that service !	service	neutral
The spring rolls were delicious !	spring rolls	neutral
The crispness of the wrapper was perfect .	wrapper	neutral
My friend 's drunken noodles were good but REALLY spicy .	drunken noodles	neutral
The heat does n't really hit you till you stop eating , so you have to keep eating for it to be enjoyable lol .	heat	neutral
My yellow curry was pretty good .	yellow curry	neutral
The portion was just right for me because I actually finished all the chicken and rice .	portion	neutral
Their menu has a lot of selection !	menu	neutral
Pasta fest should be called deception fest .	Pasta	neutral
it was smaller portions at a higher price .	portions	neutral
$ 15 for one meatball and three bites of pasta .	meatball	neutral
$ 15 for one meatball and three bites of pasta .	pasta	neutral
The server warned us about the small portion	server	neutral
The server warned us about the small portion	portion	neutral
We ordered a small mango and a small lemon sorbet - surprisingly large portion ( probably too big for my liking ) .	mango	neutral
We ordered a small mango and a small lemon sorbet - surprisingly large portion ( probably too big for my liking ) .	lemon sorbet	neutral
This place is great for takeout or delivery ! !	place	neutral
Get the Singapore rice noodles !	Singapore rice noodles	neutral
The service was very good .	service	neutral
Our waitress was polite , food came in a reasonable time , and drinks were refilled regularly .	waitress	neutral
Food : I had a buffalo chicken wrap , my wife had a hamburger and my son had a reuben sandwich and fries .	buffalo	neutral
Food : I had a buffalo chicken wrap , my wife had a hamburger and my son had a reuben sandwich and fries .	hamburger	neutral
All the food was very good .	food	neutral
The only negative is the scrum at the front door / register when you are on the waiting list or paying your bill .	front door	neutral
The only negative is the scrum at the front door / register when you are on the waiting list or paying your bill .	register	neutral
Of course , part of the charm of Courier is the old time feeling the place gives , and a large waiting room would probably detract from that .	waiting room	neutral
Service was slow overall .	Service	neutral
The walleye dinner had mediocre at best .	walleye dinner	neutral
The worst thing , the owner was unprofessional and almost belligerent .	owner	neutral
I would describe this place as extreme hit or miss .	place	neutral
My partner ordered the Fluffernutterbutter Milkshake - it was so incredibly delicious .	Fluffernutterbutter Milkshake	neutral
One of my friends ordered a Blueberry Pancake Milkshake which was the special flavor of the day .	Blueberry Pancake Milkshake	neutral
The Blueberry Pancake Milkshake was disgusting .	Blueberry Pancake Milkshake	neutral
The server that brought it out did n't take it back .	server	neutral
And the regular server for the table never brought out another one .	server	neutral
The menu is overly complicated .	menu	neutral
Overall the food was greasy .	food	neutral
I ordered a chicken burger on pretzel roll and it kept slipping out of my hands because the bun was greasy .	chicken burger on pretzel roll	neutral
I ordered a chicken burger on pretzel roll and it kept slipping out of my hands because the bun was greasy .	bun	neutral
The restaurant is clean .	restaurant	neutral
The bathrooms are clean .	bathrooms	neutral
The waitress was very friendly but she did n't seem to know much about the food that she was serving or cuisine in general .	waitress	neutral
Unfortunately being very friendly does n't make up for not so great service .	service	neutral
I would strongly recommend the Fluffernutterbutter Milkshake from Burgatory , and that is all .	Milkshake	neutral
Go somewhere else for burgers .	burgers	neutral
Passable Burritos .	Burritos	neutral
Much Better Tacos .	Tacos	neutral
When this place opened , I was super stoked at the prospect of finally being able to get the kind of burritos here in Montreal that you can find in LA or San Fran .	burritos	neutral
The burritos are passable , but kinda on the bland side .	burritos	neutral
If you 're going to try this place , though , give the Tacos a shot .	Tacos	neutral
They 're much more authentic than the burritos , and have loads more flavor to offer .	burritos	neutral
Another redeeming quality is that they have Mexican Coca Cola .	Mexican Coca Cola	neutral
If you do n't get the deal about that , it 's that Mexican Coke is still made with real sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup , and tastes much better .	Mexican Coke	neutral
Tonight is the first time we finally had the macaron cup sundae .	macaron	neutral
Because the 3 times we came for the macarons cup sundae they were always out of macarons since they are made fresh and only last for 3 days .	macarons	neutral
Do n't wait too long before you go to Fatty Daddy 's .	Fatty Daddy 's	neutral
The location is hard to find but you would n't think to find it behind a Churches Chicken .	location	neutral
The location is hard to find but you would n't think to find it behind a Churches Chicken .	Churches Chicken	neutral
Even though it 's 10:30 at night & there is no bright neon signs you can still find Fatty Daddy 's by the amount of people who are inside this little mom & pop ice cream shop .	mom	neutral
My friend who likes chocolate had the Nutella ice cream with the red velvet macaron , a must try ! ! !	Nutella ice cream with the	neutral
My friend who likes chocolate had the Nutella ice cream with the red velvet macaron , a must try ! ! !	red velvet macaron	neutral
You will experience a chocolate lovers delight .	chocolate	neutral
The decor is cute , the staff is helpful & super friendly , you have over 15 ice cream flavors to choose from , and you ca n't go to Fatty Daddy 's and not try the macaron cup sundae .	decor	neutral
The decor is cute , the staff is helpful & super friendly , you have over 15 ice cream flavors to choose from , and you ca n't go to Fatty Daddy 's and not try the macaron cup sundae .	staff	neutral
The decor is cute , the staff is helpful & super friendly , you have over 15 ice cream flavors to choose from , and you ca n't go to Fatty Daddy 's and not try the macaron cup sundae .	ice cream	neutral
The decor is cute , the staff is helpful & super friendly , you have over 15 ice cream flavors to choose from , and you ca n't go to Fatty Daddy 's and not try the macaron cup sundae .	macaron cup sundae	neutral
but you also have the special macaron of the month which can vary from coconut to fruity pebbles .	macaron	neutral
There 's also plenty of topping to choose from to add to your ice cream cones or sundaes	sundaes	neutral
but I like to keep mine simple so the toppings do n't over power the main ingredients .	toppings	neutral
The new location is great , they keep it very clean and welcoming .	location	neutral
They have great desserts and drink options , but as they 've eliminated really great entree options and replaced them with a pasta noodle and 1 lb . of bread crumbs , things have gone downhill .	desserts	neutral
They have great desserts and drink options , but as they 've eliminated really great entree options and replaced them with a pasta noodle and 1 lb . of bread crumbs , things have gone downhill .	drink	neutral
They have great desserts and drink options , but as they 've eliminated really great entree options and replaced them with a pasta noodle and 1 lb . of bread crumbs , things have gone downhill .	entree	neutral
They have great desserts and drink options , but as they 've eliminated really great entree options and replaced them with a pasta noodle and 1 lb . of bread crumbs , things have gone downhill .	pasta	neutral
They have great desserts and drink options , but as they 've eliminated really great entree options and replaced them with a pasta noodle and 1 lb . of bread crumbs , things have gone downhill .	bread	neutral
This place just is n't that good .	place	neutral
I do nt undersand why this place gets good reviews .	place	neutral
There medium pizza is smaller then a med from Dominos , but more expensive .	medium pizza	neutral
The actual building where the pizza is made does nt even look like a resturant ... more like an office .	building	neutral
The actual building where the pizza is made does nt even look like a resturant ... more like an office .	pizza	neutral
I can remember going to this restaurant when it first opened and have been back several times .	restaurant	neutral
I went for Restaurant Week at the end of July 2018 and it WAS TERRIBLE .	Restaurant	neutral
I do n't know if the bench seating lost its spring or what .	bench seating	neutral
The server said that customers often throw up from the bottomless mimosas at brunch .	server	neutral
The server said that customers often throw up from the bottomless mimosas at brunch .	mimosas	neutral
I got the calamari appetizer and it was 90 % tentacles and 10 % rings .	calamari appetizer	neutral
The red sauce it came with was gross- there is no other word for it .	red sauce	neutral
I got the beef tenderloin for the entree .	beef tenderloin	neutral
The beef was good and quality was good , but it was a small portion .	beef	neutral
The beef was good and quality was good , but it was a small portion .	portion	neutral
The giant bed of risotto it sat on was gross-	risotto	neutral
Now for dessert ; this is where it gets interesting .	dessert	neutral
I got the ice cream ; I think it was some kind of mint flavor .	ice cream	neutral
We did n't tell the server that we celebrating a birthday	server	neutral
Then the server was hung up at another table and we had to ask another server for our bill .	server	neutral
I left with the feeling that this is a place that serves food for money .	place	neutral
I left with the feeling that this is a place that serves food for money .	food	neutral
Been back a few times since they have expanded and service seems to be much , much better .	service	neutral
They have another dining area outside of the original dining room / bar which is nice for waiting .	dining room	neutral
They have daily lunch specials that are reasonable deals ( except on Friday ) .	lunch specials	neutral
Mini corn dogs are delish !	Mini corn dogs	neutral
Most of the tables are booths , so it 's pretty comfy for anyone .	tables	neutral
hearty and bison burgers are delicious .	hearty	neutral
hearty and bison burgers are delicious .	bison burgers	neutral
Never had a food item that I did n't enjoy here , however the menu is a little bland .	menu	neutral
The pulled pork is probably one of their specialties .	pulled pork	neutral
Warning : Upon arrival of the soft pretzel app , the mustard sauce is mainly composed of wasabi .	soft pretzel app	neutral
Warning : Upon arrival of the soft pretzel app , the mustard sauce is mainly composed of wasabi .	mustard sauce	neutral
Like the fountains at Bellagio , the sign is a must do at least once .	sign	neutral
Easy access small parking lot southbound on LV Blvd with a turnaround just past to go back .	parking	neutral
The 3 times I 've been the parking has been tight but tolerable .	parking	neutral
Subway is n't usually my go to place but this location seems to always have fresh veggies but employees seemed to slack off and not want to be there .	Subway	neutral
The food is good .	food	neutral
Came in at 9:30 on a Saturday and the bar had 6 or 7 people at it .	bar	neutral
The beer was good but the overalls feel was n't .	beer	neutral
The beer was good but the overalls feel was n't .	overalls	neutral
Bad decor and boring .	decor	neutral
Go across the street to Gold Mine 200000000 times better and has great service and local beers .	service	neutral
Go across the street to Gold Mine 200000000 times better and has great service and local beers .	beers	neutral
they are what they are and you are gon na get a pretty standard sandwich and fries .	sandwich	neutral
they are what they are and you are gon na get a pretty standard sandwich and fries .	fries	neutral
I got a crispy chicken sandwich .	crispy chicken sandwich	neutral
But , the service was good .	service	neutral
They made the fries well done like requested ......... and they had a good honey mustard sauce so for that ..........	fries	neutral
They made the fries well done like requested ......... and they had a good honey mustard sauce so for that ..........	honey mustard sauce	neutral
Love the freshness of the food .	food	neutral
Great delicious food .	food	neutral
The food is ok .	food	neutral
We sat here for nearly an hour while the restaurant emptied out , being told that the manager said no one could be seated yet .	manager	neutral
The owner and chef , Tommy , is an all around awesome person who gives the restaurant a friendly and welcoming atmosphere .	owner	neutral
The owner and chef , Tommy , is an all around awesome person who gives the restaurant a friendly and welcoming atmosphere .	chef	neutral
The owner and chef , Tommy , is an all around awesome person who gives the restaurant a friendly and welcoming atmosphere .	Tommy	neutral
The owner and chef , Tommy , is an all around awesome person who gives the restaurant a friendly and welcoming atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Recommended are his Piano , Philadelphia , and Spicy Tuna Crunch Rolls .	Piano	neutral
Recommended are his Piano , Philadelphia , and Spicy Tuna Crunch Rolls .	Philadelphia	neutral
Recommended are his Piano , Philadelphia , and Spicy Tuna Crunch Rolls .	Spicy Tuna Crunch Rolls	neutral
This us the worst pharmacy ever .	pharmacy	neutral
The Ayam Goreng meal and Beef Rendang meal .	Ayam	neutral
The Ayam Goreng meal and Beef Rendang meal .	Beef Rendang meal	neutral
Salad was simple lettuce carrots not enough dressing for the salad so not much taste .	Salad	neutral
Salad was simple lettuce carrots not enough dressing for the salad so not much taste .	salad	neutral
Ayam Goreng was ok can put in more flavor and less dry would be better .	Ayam Goreng	neutral
For $ 13 a meal tax included is pricy for the 3 small pieces of fried chicken .	meal	neutral
For $ 13 a meal tax included is pricy for the 3 small pieces of fried chicken .	fried chicken	neutral
Rendang Beef a little too much on the coconut milk that covers all the Rendang flavor .	Rendang	neutral
Rendang Beef a little too much on the coconut milk that covers all the Rendang flavor .	coconut milk	neutral
Rendang Beef a little too much on the coconut milk that covers all the Rendang flavor .	Rendang	neutral
So the gravy will get less and less .	gravy	neutral
I cringed that such a small salad cost about $ 7 .	salad	neutral
The cashier was pleasant and quite apologetic that they were out of forks , but that was n't a problem for me , as I had some plastic utensils back in my hotel room .	cashier	neutral
I figured the salad would be okay .	salad	neutral
Still , I 'm heartened that they had such a tasty to - go meal	to	neutral
Still , I 'm heartened that they had such a tasty to - go meal	meal	neutral
best restaurant in huntersville ! !	restaurant	neutral
Great service , delicious meal ! !	service	neutral
Great service , delicious meal ! !	meal	neutral
Everything was good very happy with this restaurant !	restaurant	neutral
You must try the fish cake entry .	fish cake entry	neutral
Good and happy service from people who want to help .	service	neutral
Please join me in welcoming Pizza Libretto to the Era of .....	Pizza Libretto	neutral
Firstly , not a shot at the waiter , reservation takers ( simply following orders presumably )	waiter	neutral
Lets role play restaurant goers !	restaurant	neutral
As for the food , meh .	food	neutral
You want thin crust , special flour that wo nt make your girdle burst and lets not forget its baked in some ancient Italian oven that is licensed by some authority we all could n't give a hoot about !	oven	neutral
The maker of the pie prepped presumably by a pizza artist known only in their world ( why would the average Joe know about a guy who can flop a pizza pie together ? )	pizza	neutral
It 's PIZZA people !	PIZZA	neutral
Pizza Libretto - Join the line with the rest of the neo pizza joints popping up everywhere	Pizza Libretto	neutral
company seems to have no standards .	company	neutral
food is inconsistent .	food	neutral
service is mediocre / non - caring .	service	neutral
Very impressed with this place .	place	neutral
I have given up on this Quaker Steak .	Quaker Steak	neutral
I love potato soup .	potato soup	neutral
The soup had two pieces of potato .	soup	neutral
I opened my salad and found a chuck of lettuce browning on all sides and throughout .	salad	neutral
The bacon was all fat .	bacon	neutral
The red onions were browning also .	red onions	neutral
I should have never ever stepped foot back into this place .	place	neutral
I will never in my life go to another Don Tortaco so long as I live .	Don Tortaco	neutral
Disgusting and I have never ordered a carne asada burrito and got a rolled up tortilla with paper in the middle .	tortilla	neutral
We should have waited the price was almost double and food was bad .	food	neutral
This restaurant used to be great .	restaurant	neutral
But lately it has declined in both service and food quality .	service	neutral
But lately it has declined in both service and food quality .	food	neutral
Twice our steaks were prepared incorrectly ( one steak was completely charred black ) and while the manager did bring out the redo steaks , he did n't seem very concerned or friendly .	manager	neutral
In the past , the same manager would come around to every table to inquire how was the meal / did we need anything , etc .	manager	neutral
Also I 've been dismayed to discover their Tuesday night steak deal is now gone and has been replaced with Trivia Night .	steak deal	neutral
It would be fine if this was a bar / pub .	bar	neutral
It would be fine if this was a bar / pub .	pub	neutral
However I was under the impression this was regarded as a nice sit down restaurant for families , couples , groups , etc .	restaurant	neutral
and the extremely loud atmosphere with a blaring announcer and cheesy music is one I 'm sure I 'll avoid in the future as well as many others who have remarked on the unpleasant environment on Tuesday nights .	atmosphere	neutral
and the extremely loud atmosphere with a blaring announcer and cheesy music is one I 'm sure I 'll avoid in the future as well as many others who have remarked on the unpleasant environment on Tuesday nights .	announcer	neutral
and the extremely loud atmosphere with a blaring announcer and cheesy music is one I 'm sure I 'll avoid in the future as well as many others who have remarked on the unpleasant environment on Tuesday nights .	environment	neutral
Also the whole trivia setup is a joke as we noted the one unfortunate time we came in on a Tuesday night that practically everyone who can not be seen by the trivia announcer ( which are many ) was Googling every single question on their phones !	trivia	neutral
That really is n't a fair process but since we were n't playing and ate quickly to get out of horrific noise of the once pleasant restaurant it did n't matter to us .	restaurant	neutral
although it 's a lot further away , we will probably be heading to the other location on Carmel to see if their setup and availability of food items is comparable to how this location used to be .	food	neutral
So I hope the food is good because the service sucks .	food	neutral
So I hope the food is good because the service sucks .	service	neutral
One waitress and one cook .	waitress	neutral
I had beef ribs , and he had the babybacKs .	beef ribs	neutral
It 's pretty tough to find decent Chinese in Scottsdale .	Chinese	neutral
Jade Palace is an ok option if you have a serious craving for Chinese , but rarely will you think " Gee , let 's go to Jade Palace to get some quality food " .	Jade Palace	neutral
Jade Palace is an ok option if you have a serious craving for Chinese , but rarely will you think " Gee , let 's go to Jade Palace to get some quality food " .	Jade Palace	neutral
Jade Palace is an ok option if you have a serious craving for Chinese , but rarely will you think " Gee , let 's go to Jade Palace to get some quality food " .	food	neutral
The food is mediocre at best .	food	neutral
Nothing really stands out on the menu .	menu	neutral
Bad service just drives me crazy , because it 's so easy to fix .	service	neutral
The line is long so we 've got plenty of time to watch you be useless .	line	neutral
If I say ' just a little sour cream ' , that means you should start with considerably less sour cream than you would normally add .	sour	neutral
A burrito with just the right amount tastes awesome .	burrito	neutral
Too much sour cream ruins the entire thing .	sour cream	neutral
I would not be giving this harsh a review of the service	service	neutral
We asked how long the wait was when we were told 20 - 30 minutes .	wait	neutral
Fuck this place .	place	neutral
This ayce sushi place is actually pretty good .	ayce	neutral
This ayce sushi place is actually pretty good .	sushi place	neutral
The good thing about this place is that they do n't fill their rolls or nigiri with lots of rice like other ayce sushi places .	rolls	neutral
They have a great selection of rolls but in the end they all start to taste the same .	rolls	neutral
The service is good and quick .	service	neutral
I would recommend this place .	place	neutral
Let me open by saying the steak sandwhich is meat flavored heroin !	steak sandwhich	neutral
The blend of peppers , onions and saucy steak makes this an amazing stop for a quick lunch .	steak	neutral
If you 're looking for good authentic Mexican food along with excellent service Hacienda will not disappoint !	Mexican food	neutral
If you 're looking for good authentic Mexican food along with excellent service Hacienda will not disappoint !	service	neutral
Our server Kay was the sweetest kindest young lady , she made it a pleasure to truly enjoy our meal .	server	neutral
Our server Kay was the sweetest kindest young lady , she made it a pleasure to truly enjoy our meal .	Kay	neutral
Our server Kay was the sweetest kindest young lady , she made it a pleasure to truly enjoy our meal .	meal	neutral
Mango margaritas were delicious !	Mango margaritas	neutral
Great food , friendly staff , had dinner in a rush here with the wife .	food	neutral
Great food , friendly staff , had dinner in a rush here with the wife .	staff	neutral
The staff was very helpful in picking out items we liked .	staff	neutral
I ca n't believe some of the comments that I 'm reading , like its different restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
bun , these dogs definitely need something more substantial to hold up to the ample toppings-	toppings-	neutral
I was annoyed with the explode - a - bun by the end of lunch .	bun	neutral
I really enjoyed the banh mi dog concept and the toppings were dee - lish , fresh , and very tasty	banh mi dog	neutral
I really enjoyed the banh mi dog concept and the toppings were dee - lish , fresh , and very tasty	toppings	neutral
I like a more beefy , strongly flavored hot dog and this seemed more like a vehicle for toppings .	hot dog	neutral
DH had the chili dog and enjoyed it .	DH	neutral
DH had the chili dog and enjoyed it .	chili dog	neutral
We had the poutine as well , and while the individual parts were yum	poutine	neutral
so the curds would start to melt-	curds	neutral
they were kinda cold and hard , and way too big to spread the love and enjoy with the whole pile of fries .	fries	neutral
Long wait for the patio , but totally worth it !	wait	neutral
Long wait for the patio , but totally worth it !	patio	neutral
The chairs and table gave a Parisian feel but the loud Vegas tourists ( I 'm one myself ) made me remember I am still in the US .	chairs	neutral
The chairs and table gave a Parisian feel but the loud Vegas tourists ( I 'm one myself ) made me remember I am still in the US .	table	neutral
The seafood was tasty and fresh on the tower .	seafood	neutral
My favorite turned out to be the salmon ceviche , it had avocado and sesame oil .	salmon ceviche	neutral
We also ordered The crab cake , I would skip this , had very minimal lump crab and too much breading for me .	crab cake	neutral
We also ordered The crab cake , I would skip this , had very minimal lump crab and too much breading for me .	lump crab	neutral
While walking to the table we noticed the front seating area was a little less than half full .	front seating area	neutral
2 out of 6 flatware sets had dried food on them .	flatware	neutral
Salad was mostly chunks and food was mediocre .	Salad	neutral
Salad was mostly chunks and food was mediocre .	food	neutral
I guess an emphasis is not put on management anymore .	management	neutral
Some time ago the manager and/or asst .	manager	neutral
This is a thin crust pizza with a somewhat average flavor .	thin	neutral
This is a thin crust pizza with a somewhat average flavor .	pizza	neutral
We spent about $ 60 for 5 16 " pepperoni pizzas and 2 trays of Caesar salad .	pepperoni pizzas	neutral
We spent about $ 60 for 5 16 " pepperoni pizzas and 2 trays of Caesar salad .	Caesar salad	neutral
From the outside , the building looks average , but once you walk in from a bitter cold Ohio winter day , this massive open floor plan dining room surprises you .	building	neutral
From the outside , the building looks average , but once you walk in from a bitter cold Ohio winter day , this massive open floor plan dining room surprises you .	open floor	neutral
From the outside , the building looks average , but once you walk in from a bitter cold Ohio winter day , this massive open floor plan dining room surprises you .	dining room	neutral
The menu especially will take you to the next level .	menu	neutral
From burgers , sandwiches , pizzas , and tacos , and a massive list of beers on tap , you ca n't be disappointed .	burgers	neutral
From burgers , sandwiches , pizzas , and tacos , and a massive list of beers on tap , you ca n't be disappointed .	sandwiches	neutral
From burgers , sandwiches , pizzas , and tacos , and a massive list of beers on tap , you ca n't be disappointed .	pizzas	neutral
From burgers , sandwiches , pizzas , and tacos , and a massive list of beers on tap , you ca n't be disappointed .	tacos	neutral
From burgers , sandwiches , pizzas , and tacos , and a massive list of beers on tap , you ca n't be disappointed .	beers	neutral
I could n't resist trying everything , so we got truffle fries and tacos for appetizers , and a burger and pizza for entrees .	tacos	neutral
I could n't resist trying everything , so we got truffle fries and tacos for appetizers , and a burger and pizza for entrees .	burger	neutral
I could n't resist trying everything , so we got truffle fries and tacos for appetizers , and a burger and pizza for entrees .	pizza	neutral
I suggest the Dragon Milk sundae afterwards .	Dragon Milk sundae	neutral
The overall atmosphere is very hip , including a young , uptempo playlist always playing .	atmosphere	neutral
The overall atmosphere is very hip , including a young , uptempo playlist always playing .	playlist	neutral
At the same time , it 's a very warm cozy atmosphere to dine in .	atmosphere	neutral
The place is adorable , and colorful decur'ed of canvas artwork on the walls of fruits and some retro kinda prints .	place	neutral
49 ... from candies , nuts , cereal , and fresh fruit !	candies	neutral
I really liked the velvety noodles and the broth , again it 's balanced but hefty in the spices .	velvety noodles	neutral
I really liked the velvety noodles and the broth , again it 's balanced but hefty in the spices .	broth	neutral
The gyoza are also a great start to a wonderful meal .	gyoza	neutral
The gyoza are also a great start to a wonderful meal .	meal	neutral
This Asian buffet has gone way down hill .	Asian buffet	neutral
The food was just awful .	food	neutral
The sushi was stale and no sushi maker in sight .	sushi	neutral
If you like Sushi , you will like this place .	place	neutral
At least 12 different sushi varieties .	sushi	neutral
The buffet of Asian food was very good .	buffet of Asian food	neutral
The buffet does include American food which enlarges the appeal to families , not all 4 year olds are in to Asian .	buffet	neutral
The buffet does include American food which enlarges the appeal to families , not all 4 year olds are in to Asian .	American food	neutral
The food was excellent .	food	neutral
The crab legs actually had flavor .	crab legs	neutral
The dessert bar was nice .	dessert bar	neutral
I hope it maintains its food quality and does not fall into the buffet trap of yuck food and skeezy presentation .	food	neutral
I hope it maintains its food quality and does not fall into the buffet trap of yuck food and skeezy presentation .	food	neutral
I hope it maintains its food quality and does not fall into the buffet trap of yuck food and skeezy presentation .	presentation	neutral
Excellent three course meal .	three course	neutral
Excellent three course meal .	meal	neutral
Nice outdoor seating and great ambiance next to the Piedmont fountain .	outdoor seating	neutral
Nice outdoor seating and great ambiance next to the Piedmont fountain .	ambiance	neutral
Nice outdoor seating and great ambiance next to the Piedmont fountain .	Piedmont fountain	neutral
The bread and wine were very French	bread	neutral
The bread and wine were very French	wine	neutral
Tasty Italian food with good sized portions and nice ambiance .	Italian food	neutral
Tasty Italian food with good sized portions and nice ambiance .	portions	neutral
Tasty Italian food with good sized portions and nice ambiance .	ambiance	neutral
Wait was long on a Friday after graduation , menu limited but thoughtful .	Wait	neutral
Wait was long on a Friday after graduation , menu limited but thoughtful .	menu	neutral
Terrace overlooking capital was special .	Terrace overlooking capital	neutral
Enjoyed their specialty burger and the heavenly mac and cheese , and the bread pudding !	specialty burger	neutral
Enjoyed their specialty burger and the heavenly mac and cheese , and the bread pudding !	mac and cheese	neutral
Enjoyed their specialty burger and the heavenly mac and cheese , and the bread pudding !	bread pudding	neutral
Great service .	service	neutral
My favorites are : Pork Red Chile , Chicken Green Chile , Green Corn and Cream Cheese .	Pork Red Chile	neutral
My favorites are : Pork Red Chile , Chicken Green Chile , Green Corn and Cream Cheese .	Chicken Green Chile	neutral
My favorites are : Pork Red Chile , Chicken Green Chile , Green Corn and Cream Cheese .	Cream Cheese	neutral
the Pi単a Colada dessert tamale more than I had anticipated .	Pi単a Colada dessert tamale	neutral
Pretty fun modern Mexican place with specials .	Mexican place	neutral
Pretty fun modern Mexican place with specials .	specials	neutral
There are happy hour specials from 2 - 6pm with pretty good deals and $ 5 margaritas .	margaritas	neutral
The food options are good .	food	neutral
The guac is always delicious .	guac	neutral
The happy hour tacos are only $ 2 but are made with a pre - made mix .	happy hour	neutral
The happy hour tacos are only $ 2 but are made with a pre - made mix .	tacos	neutral
I asked for no peppers , but the server said the mix is already made .	server	neutral
The chips / salsa are just OK .	chips / salsa	neutral
The salad options look pretty interesting but have n't had one before .	salad options	neutral
I ordered the Mexican corn for something new - pretty tasty !	Mexican corn	neutral
The crowd is similar to the other Upward Projects restaurant crowd .	crowd	neutral
Some dishes I have had are good but most just come up lacking .	dishes	neutral
This place is a pass .	place	neutral
Maybe dine in is better but delivery is horrible .	dine	neutral
Maybe dine in is better but delivery is horrible .	delivery	neutral
Very little meat in the pie .	pie	neutral
Kanga unfortunately falls way short of what I was hoping for .	Kanga	neutral
The Japanese nachos are on fire !	Japanese nachos	neutral
This place is awesome !	place	neutral
Donald and Manny is amazing ! ! !	Donald	neutral
Donald and Manny is amazing ! ! !	Manny	neutral
Small , hole in the wall type place , but defintely PACKED on a Thursday night .	place	neutral
The broth is so flavorful and even though there are so many people they move quite quickly .	broth	neutral
I would definitely suggest this place if you 're looking for some good ramen !	ramen	neutral
There are good Hong Kong style street foods in Aberdeen Delicatessen .	street foods	neutral
Even though they have same foods such as fake shark 's fin soup , French toast , curry fish balls etc . ; they make more authentic foods than other restaurants in Toronto .	French toast	neutral
Even though they have same foods such as fake shark 's fin soup , French toast , curry fish balls etc . ; they make more authentic foods than other restaurants in Toronto .	curry fish balls	neutral
The boss and chefs there always use the good quality foods and imported fruits to make they dishes and desserts .	foods	neutral
The boss and chefs there always use the good quality foods and imported fruits to make they dishes and desserts .	dishes	neutral
The boss and chefs there always use the good quality foods and imported fruits to make they dishes and desserts .	desserts	neutral
Besides , there are some special events such as Chinese cuisine night , valentine 's night etc .	Chinese cuisine	neutral
The only weakness is the prices of foods there are a little bit higher than other similar Hong Kong style restaurants .	foods	neutral
Waitress was pleasant and drinks were brought to our table in a timely manner , but	Waitress	neutral
I had the beef brisket which was very salty and greasy .	beef brisket	neutral
The corn bread was basted with too much butter and the red coleslaw was sour tastings .	corn bread	neutral
The corn bread was basted with too much butter and the red coleslaw was sour tastings .	red coleslaw	neutral
My wife ordered the perch sandwich which was also greasy and dark brown in color .	perch sandwich	neutral
The ribs lacked flavor and were very fatty .	ribs	neutral
The bbq sauce was n't my favorite , too watery .	bbq sauce	neutral
The salad was fresh , with a beautiful oil and vinegar dressings vs a thick creamy dressing .	salad	neutral
The salad was fresh , with a beautiful oil and vinegar dressings vs a thick creamy dressing .	oil and vinegar dressings	neutral
The salad was fresh , with a beautiful oil and vinegar dressings vs a thick creamy dressing .	dressing	neutral
Nice bacon with hardened Parmesan chips .	bacon	neutral
Nice bacon with hardened Parmesan chips .	Parmesan chips	neutral
I do however prefer slices of fresh Parmesean .	Parmesean	neutral
I could taste some anchovies in the dressing which is right up my alley .	dressing	neutral
The pizza is thin crust , very tasty and made a believer out of my husband .	pizza	neutral
I made my own pizza toppings and the spicy sausage was really good .	pizza	neutral
I made my own pizza toppings and the spicy sausage was really good .	spicy sausage	neutral
Sliced like pepperoni and all toppings plentiful .	toppings	neutral
My husband had the meat based pizza , sorry I forget the name they call it on the menu .	meat based pizza	neutral
Really great tasting pizza and crust done perfectly .	pizza	neutral
Really great tasting pizza and crust done perfectly .	crust	neutral
I enjoyed a pasta with seafood and if I remember I asked for a white wine , garlic sauce vs a red sauce .	pasta with seafood	neutral
My kids all enjoyed their pizza and pastas .	pizza	neutral
My kids all enjoyed their pizza and pastas .	pastas	neutral
A small place with a nice vibe .	place	neutral
A small place with a nice vibe .	vibe	neutral
Planning a return engagement as the pizza left us wanting it again .	pizza	neutral
The actual space is huge when you look at both the bar and restaurant side .	space	neutral
The actual space is huge when you look at both the bar and restaurant side .	bar	neutral
The actual space is huge when you look at both the bar and restaurant side .	restaurant	neutral
So resos = good idea .	resos	neutral
Great beer and wine selection , and	beer	neutral
Great beer and wine selection , and	wine selection	neutral
I was pretty pleased that they had guinness and strongbow on tap .	guinness	neutral
We asked for three more , and the server forgot about both our drinks and the menus for about 15 minutes .	server	neutral
The spring rolls were RIDICULOUS .	spring rolls	neutral
The brie was super small and underwhelming .	brie	neutral
and I had the quesadillas , which were honestly just weird ...	quesadillas	neutral
They had tortilla chips baked into the quesadillas , so had this weird soggy corn flavour , and were served with a sweet bbq sauce rather than salsa and sour cream .	tortilla	neutral
They had tortilla chips baked into the quesadillas , so had this weird soggy corn flavour , and were served with a sweet bbq sauce rather than salsa and sour cream .	quesadillas	neutral
They had tortilla chips baked into the quesadillas , so had this weird soggy corn flavour , and were served with a sweet bbq sauce rather than salsa and sour cream .	corn	neutral
My brother had ordered the mushroom pizza which was also underwhelming .	mushroom pizza	neutral
And mom had the fish and chips were actually really good .	fish and chips	neutral
Atmosphere wise ?	Atmosphere	neutral
Anyway , not the best food , not the best service , but good for a drink or two !	food	neutral
Anyway , not the best food , not the best service , but good for a drink or two !	service	neutral
It 's rather hard to describe this place because it 's not particularly bad and not particularly good either .	place	neutral
The food is ok , obviously there are better option in the neighbourhood .	food	neutral
Service overall is quick and efficient .	Service	neutral
Portion is not really sufficient for me and I will consider this more of a take out spot than dining in .	Portion	neutral
Our server Fred was fantastic , attentive and knew how to describe the menu items .	server	neutral
Our server Fred was fantastic , attentive and knew how to describe the menu items .	Fred	neutral
Our server Fred was fantastic , attentive and knew how to describe the menu items .	menu	neutral
But I just simply ca n't stay away from this outstanding food .	food	neutral
The Eggplant Parmesan Garlic Knots , as well as the similar Chicken Parmesan version , for sure one of the best things I 've ever gotten from a pizza place before .	Eggplant Parmesan Garlic Knots	neutral
The Eggplant Parmesan Garlic Knots , as well as the similar Chicken Parmesan version , for sure one of the best things I 've ever gotten from a pizza place before .	Chicken Parmesan	neutral
Oh , and good on you for reiterating customer service .	customer service	neutral
Gone are the days of blank faces at the service counter .	service counter	neutral
The cute girl with glasses at the cash register ?	girl	neutral
But at least it tells a story of a restaurant that has adapted and thrived .	restaurant	neutral
This review is based truly on the service and not the food .	service	neutral
This review is based truly on the service and not the food .	food	neutral
I would like to start off and say that we are lenient when it comes to services .	services	neutral
It is a very hard job and not everyone is cut out for the job and unfortunately Perry M. at Buddy V 's is one of them .	Perry	neutral
So my husband was paying close attention and before we knew it the hostess was taking up a couple that had just arrived .	hostess	neutral
Now on to our next adventure , we meet our waiter Perry M. , he asked if we wanted water and we stated we did .	waiter	neutral
Our assistant waiter came by and gave us more bread	waiter	neutral
We explained everything to him expect the experience with the hostess earlier .	hostess	neutral
We put up with a lot from waiters / waitress , but this was awful .	waiters	neutral
We put up with a lot from waiters / waitress , but this was awful .	waitress	neutral
That was all and wants us to tip you on this service .	service	neutral
We had no problems with the food , but the service made this experience awful .	food	neutral
We had no problems with the food , but the service made this experience awful .	service	neutral
I have been to both locations and the service and food was great at both locations .	service	neutral
I have been to both locations and the service and food was great at both locations .	food	neutral
I love the fact that they have Hawaiian favorites on the menu , such as spam , loco moco and Portuguese sausage .	spam	neutral
I love the fact that they have Hawaiian favorites on the menu , such as spam , loco moco and Portuguese sausage .	loco	neutral
I love the fact that they have Hawaiian favorites on the menu , such as spam , loco moco and Portuguese sausage .	Portuguese sausage	neutral
The place impressed at first , with the array of TVs - a huge projector on the far wall , basketball games aplenty , and even one monitor displaying wine specials and some trivia .	wine	neutral
Having a TV in our booth was nice .	TV	neutral
Service was slow in coming around - with the relatively quiet Friday night , I would 've thought they 'd have an over abundance of staff , if anything .	Service	neutral
The wait for the entrees was unbelievable - 30 minutes easily .	wait	neutral
When her burger and my club arrived , they could best be described as dismal .	burger	neutral
Not many places can mess up fries , but these fries had nothing going on .	fries	neutral
Not many places can mess up fries , but these fries had nothing going on .	fries	neutral
I fought some small bugs away from my club , which was small to medium for $ 9 and not impressive .	club	neutral
We waited a while for the waitress to come by again , and then got the check .	waitress	neutral
Maybe their wings are award winning , I do n't know .	wings	neutral
I could potentially give it another try , with the great appetizer and the wing buzz they promoted - but it seems like the place is in need of some TLC , someone to fix the roof and ensure good / fast service , maybe improve the menu or drop the prices a few dollars to reflect the reality of the food .	appetizer	neutral
I could potentially give it another try , with the great appetizer and the wing buzz they promoted - but it seems like the place is in need of some TLC , someone to fix the roof and ensure good / fast service , maybe improve the menu or drop the prices a few dollars to reflect the reality of the food .	service	neutral
I could potentially give it another try , with the great appetizer and the wing buzz they promoted - but it seems like the place is in need of some TLC , someone to fix the roof and ensure good / fast service , maybe improve the menu or drop the prices a few dollars to reflect the reality of the food .	menu	neutral
I could potentially give it another try , with the great appetizer and the wing buzz they promoted - but it seems like the place is in need of some TLC , someone to fix the roof and ensure good / fast service , maybe improve the menu or drop the prices a few dollars to reflect the reality of the food .	food	neutral
Their kalua pig , chicken katsu , mixed veggies , and spam masubi is awesome ! ! !	kalua pig	neutral
Their kalua pig , chicken katsu , mixed veggies , and spam masubi is awesome ! ! !	chicken katsu	neutral
Their kalua pig , chicken katsu , mixed veggies , and spam masubi is awesome ! ! !	mixed veggies	neutral
Their kalua pig , chicken katsu , mixed veggies , and spam masubi is awesome ! ! !	spam masubi	neutral
Went to Kimbob cafe today March 13 , 2013 , it was a pleasant surprise .	Kimbob cafe	neutral
, so we never got a chance to try this place .	place	neutral
We had Bibim Bab and Jabche	Bibim	neutral
We had Bibim Bab and Jabche	Jabche	neutral
This is a family run business so you know its going to be authentic with a Korean cook .	cook	neutral
Their home made chili sauce is also very tasty .	chili sauce	neutral
If you are not sure what you want ask KC , he is very helpful and will guide you through the menu .	menu	neutral
Please go and support this lovely little gem in Dorval , I 'd like to keep this to myself , but west islanders need a good tasty Korean restaurant and this is definitely one to share .	Korean restaurant	neutral
Great food .	food	neutral
Let me just start by saying there are absolutely no other good breakfast restaurant in this neck of the woods so this 4 star review could easily be a 5 star one if you consider this .	breakfast	neutral
The menu is huge and the prices are pretty low .	menu	neutral
I however tried to derive from my basicness once and ordered eggs benedict ...	eggs	neutral
The hollandaise sauce is pretty bad .	hollandaise sauce	neutral
Nonetheless , the eggs are always cooked perfectly and the potatoes are on point	eggs	neutral
Nonetheless , the eggs are always cooked perfectly and the potatoes are on point	potatoes	neutral
The young servers are super nice and the service is always quick .	young servers	neutral
The young servers are super nice and the service is always quick .	service	neutral
There are a few ( older ) female servers that will still give you a decent service but minus the smile on their faces ( I usually prefer friendliness on a Saturday morning hungover but maybe that just me ) .	servers	neutral
There are a few ( older ) female servers that will still give you a decent service but minus the smile on their faces ( I usually prefer friendliness on a Saturday morning hungover but maybe that just me ) .	service	neutral
Sat at bar and ordered 2 black diamond martinis which was incredible .	black diamond martinis	neutral
Food subpar .	Food	neutral
Ordered the chili delmonico but was n't expecting a baseball size one .	chili delmonico	neutral
Service sucked and bartenders were overwhelmed and slow as a turtle .	Service	neutral
Service sucked and bartenders were overwhelmed and slow as a turtle .	bartenders	neutral
Huge menu , but well categorized	menu	neutral
Friendly Staff , Fun Atmosphere .	Staff	neutral
Friendly Staff , Fun Atmosphere .	Atmosphere	neutral
What happened to good customer service all these stand in imposters ask for a manager here comes a friend cold fries and wings that are like rubber and salty	customer service	neutral
What happened to good customer service all these stand in imposters ask for a manager here comes a friend cold fries and wings that are like rubber and salty	fries	neutral
What happened to good customer service all these stand in imposters ask for a manager here comes a friend cold fries and wings that are like rubber and salty	wings	neutral
I saw the reviews and had to try this place .	place	neutral
Luckily , the service was really fast and the food was definitely worth it .	service	neutral
Luckily , the service was really fast and the food was definitely worth it .	food	neutral
The tacos are loaded ! ! !	tacos	neutral
The enchiladas are delicious .	enchiladas	neutral
Burrito is good and filling .	Burrito	neutral
Rice is fluffy and flavorful .	Rice	neutral
The sauce is amazing .	sauce	neutral
The salsa is good but could be spicier .	salsa	neutral
If there was a zero star I would give it to this place because it does n't deserve one .	place	neutral
I 've been coming here since it opened because they started out with fresh food but throughout the years the have started downgrading on the food .	food	neutral
I 've been coming here since it opened because they started out with fresh food but throughout the years the have started downgrading on the food .	food	neutral
I went about 2 weeks ago & & there was a COCKROACH BY THE FOOD	FOOD	neutral
The lady that replaces the food does n't even care about hygiene , the food that has fell from the trays that are all dirty and been sitting there , she will put back into the fresh food .	food	neutral
The lady that replaces the food does n't even care about hygiene , the food that has fell from the trays that are all dirty and been sitting there , she will put back into the fresh food .	trays	neutral
The lady that replaces the food does n't even care about hygiene , the food that has fell from the trays that are all dirty and been sitting there , she will put back into the fresh food .	food	neutral
I would rate the food 5 stars but the customer service a 1- and the main reason my wife	food	neutral
I would rate the food 5 stars but the customer service a 1- and the main reason my wife	customer service	neutral
( those " my life is better than yours , you should be like I am " demeanors ) , and by their Instagram / Facebook posts I got the impression that this place worked against that type of pretentious egocentrism , and possibly offered an open space for all walks of life , but we found ourselves on the defense when attempting to rearrange a menu item because of some food allergies .	menu	neutral
It took a lot of patience to bypass the cashier 's judgmental / condescending tone and demeanor to calmly explain and complete our order .	cashier	neutral
I really want this place to thrive and do well and spearhead this type of cuisine for our future so DO visit for the food but lay down your expectations for friendly open service	cuisine	neutral
I really want this place to thrive and do well and spearhead this type of cuisine for our future so DO visit for the food but lay down your expectations for friendly open service	food	neutral
I really want this place to thrive and do well and spearhead this type of cuisine for our future so DO visit for the food but lay down your expectations for friendly open service	open	neutral
I really want this place to thrive and do well and spearhead this type of cuisine for our future so DO visit for the food but lay down your expectations for friendly open service	service	neutral
I would nt know what the food 's like ... after 30 minutes after placing our order consisting of a burger and salad ... we left .	burger	neutral
Ambiance ok ... service sux ! ! !	Ambiance	neutral
Ambiance ok ... service sux ! ! !	service	neutral
The food is fresh and pushes cooked to order vegetarian choices .	food	neutral
Clean kind and friendly courteous service	service	neutral
I overlooked the bad service reviews on Giovanni 's hoping I would at least get great food if I did pickup .	Giovanni	neutral
I overlooked the bad service reviews on Giovanni 's hoping I would at least get great food if I did pickup .	food	neutral
However Giovanni 's had difficulty making a medium pizza to fulfill the order .	Giovanni	neutral
The counter and line cooks were in disarray and visibly arguing .	counter	neutral
The counter and line cooks were in disarray and visibly arguing .	line cooks	neutral
The service was so unapologetically bad	service	neutral
I did n't get to experience any food ... good or bad .	food	neutral
Hopefully Giovanni 's refunded my credit card correctly so I can suppress this bad experience .	Giovanni	neutral
The bartender was more concerned about socializing with regulars than ensuring that a new customer was comfortable enough to come back .	bartender	neutral
Food was decent but with that service I would rather go somewhere nicer .	Food	neutral
Food was decent but with that service I would rather go somewhere nicer .	service	neutral
Options were pretty limited to most common Thai dishes .	Thai dishes	neutral
Ordered the Panang Curry w/ Chicken with medium heat .	Panang Curry	neutral
And a Thai ice tea .	Thai	neutral
The curry , to my astonishment was pretty good .	curry	neutral
You can taste the hints of basil and bamboo , as you should with this kind of curry .	curry	neutral
Their tea was as to be expected from a Thai iced tea .	tea	neutral
Service was adequate and on parr .	Service	neutral
The waitress was very kind and non aggressive ( which is always preferred esp during the holidays , it 's understandable , no one wants to be at work ) .	waitress	neutral
The place was clean .	place	neutral
I have been on a hunting for the best hot dog in Charlotte and since I never paid a visit to this place my husband	hot	neutral
My husband had a combo with a cheese and bacon hotdog and a slaw hot dog with regular tots .	cheese and bacon hotdog	neutral
The tater tots were the best that I 've ever had in my life ! ! !	tater tots	neutral
My hotdog was good but was not heavenly good	hotdog	neutral
so I had to take one star from them since they are supposed to have the best hot dogs around .	hot dogs	neutral
We will definitely be back , mainly for the tater tots , and I hope next time they surprise me with some wonderful hotdog !	tater tots	neutral
We will definitely be back , mainly for the tater tots , and I hope next time they surprise me with some wonderful hotdog !	hotdog	neutral
Good food but expensive for what you get .	food	neutral
EPIC whisky list ( yes I may have had a $ 40 + whisky or two ) .	whisky list	neutral
Fancy ass cocktails involving tobacco smoke and other fine things , one of the best burgers I 've had in a while , and	cocktails	neutral
Fancy ass cocktails involving tobacco smoke and other fine things , one of the best burgers I 've had in a while , and	burgers	neutral
hot damn they make a great Rob Roy ...	Rob Roy	neutral
Great burgers & sweet potato fries !	burgers	neutral
Great burgers & sweet potato fries !	sweet potato fries	neutral
They have a happy hour also in which the sliders are $ 2 each !	sliders	neutral
Mixed drinks not so good though !	Mixed drinks	neutral
Stick with the beer !	beer	neutral
Nice location also !	location	neutral
10 minutes later a waitress came to take our order .	waitress	neutral
We ordered drinks and food ( it was all you can eat crab leg night	all you can eat crab	neutral
25 minutes later our crab legs came - cold .	crab legs	neutral
Our waitress came by probably another 20 minutes later .	waitress	neutral
Summary : worst service I 've ever had .	service	neutral
So disappointing because it 's a really cool vibe .	vibe	neutral
Great patio too .	patio	neutral
Hands down the best crepe spot in downtown Montreal - I ca n't speak for the rest of Montreal	crepe	neutral
I have been coming to this spot and bringing my family for close to 4 years , nothing compares to these crepes .	crepes	neutral
I would recommend the ham cheese and spinach crepe , or the nutella banana strawberry crepe .	ham cheese and spinach crepe	neutral
I would recommend the ham cheese and spinach crepe , or the nutella banana strawberry crepe .	nutella banana strawberry crepe	neutral
The owner is also very nice ! ! !	owner	neutral
I just love this place .	place	neutral
The ambiance is fantastic .	ambiance	neutral
It 's a golf course view , but that also means you get to see great herons And coyotes hanging out .	herons	neutral
Love the housemade pasta	housemade pasta	neutral
- I usually go for the lasagna , but went for the shrimp fettuccini and really enjoyed the nice spice kick , no cream or cheese - perfect balance .	lasagna	neutral
- I usually go for the lasagna , but went for the shrimp fettuccini and really enjoyed the nice spice kick , no cream or cheese - perfect balance .	shrimp fettuccini	neutral
- I usually go for the lasagna , but went for the shrimp fettuccini and really enjoyed the nice spice kick , no cream or cheese - perfect balance .	spice	neutral
My husband went for the housemade sausage sandwich and he proclaimed that it 's as good as it gets here !	housemade sausage sandwich	neutral
The wine list includes Grenache - a perfect red , and Peroni beer on tap .	wine list	neutral
The wine list includes Grenache - a perfect red , and Peroni beer on tap .	Grenache	neutral
The final touch is the sour cherry jam with the ricotta zeppoli .	sour cherry jam with	neutral
The final touch is the sour cherry jam with the ricotta zeppoli .	ricotta zeppoli	neutral
Food was very good , fast service ; however , the note to self ..... ask for salad BEFORE pizza as the pizza was luke warm by time we got to eat it .	Food	neutral
Food was very good , fast service ; however , the note to self ..... ask for salad BEFORE pizza as the pizza was luke warm by time we got to eat it .	service	neutral
The music was a bit too loud for the area , large open room with kind of an echo	music	neutral
The music was a bit too loud for the area , large open room with kind of an echo	open	neutral
The music was a bit too loud for the area , large open room with kind of an echo	room	neutral
Also , a chilled glass for beer would be a very nice addition .	chilled glass for beer	neutral
I was very impressed by the decor at the cafe , they really put hard work into putting potter references everywhere .	decor	neutral
I was very impressed by the decor at the cafe , they really put hard work into putting potter references everywhere .	cafe	neutral
The actual coffee however is kinda meh , and I wish they served actual Butterbeer flavored drinks .	coffee	neutral
And although there were awesome finds on the menu , there were a few disppointments as well .	menu	neutral
What you can definitely tell from their menu is that Serendipity 3 aims to please .	menu	neutral
Their options for food and beverages are deliberately decadent , pushing the limits of comfort food beyond counting calories into a happy place close to Willy Wonka 's chocolate river .	food	neutral
Their options for food and beverages are deliberately decadent , pushing the limits of comfort food beyond counting calories into a happy place close to Willy Wonka 's chocolate river .	beverages	neutral
The place also envelopes you in a quirky pink atmosphere .	place	neutral
The place also envelopes you in a quirky pink atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
We had the $ 30 jumbo lump crab entree for appetizers , and though steep , was worth every dollar .	jumbo	neutral
We had the $ 30 jumbo lump crab entree for appetizers , and though steep , was worth every dollar .	lump crab entree	neutral
Huge chunks of ( what tasted like fresh ) crab in a good mustard seed sauce .	crab	neutral
Huge chunks of ( what tasted like fresh ) crab in a good mustard seed sauce .	mustard seed sauce	neutral
The onion rings were huge ( and that 's about it ) , I 've had better , way better .	onion rings	neutral
The ahi tuna salad would 've really rocked if the ahi was larger and of better quality .	ahi tuna salad	neutral
The ahi tuna salad would 've really rocked if the ahi was larger and of better quality .	ahi	neutral
The ABC burger with brie cheese , avocado and caramelized onions seemed so great in theory , and I do n't know if we just received a bad execution .	ABC burger	neutral
The ABC burger with brie cheese , avocado and caramelized onions seemed so great in theory , and I do n't know if we just received a bad execution .	brie cheese , avocado and caramelized onions	neutral
The burger was dry , inspite of the luscious toppings .	burger	neutral
The burger was dry , inspite of the luscious toppings .	toppings	neutral
This is our favorite Pho restaurant .	Pho	neutral
The servers are polite .. not like at Pho Saigon where they 're always mad ... lol ...	servers	neutral
the food here is much better too .	food	neutral
The soups are pretty comparable , but the vermicelli bowls are way better .	soups	neutral
The soups are pretty comparable , but the vermicelli bowls are way better .	vermicelli bowls	neutral
In addition , Lemongrass has more space for its patrons .	Lemongrass	neutral
Overall Lemongrass is the better Pho restaurant and our personal favorite .	Lemongrass	neutral
Highly suggest this place .	place	neutral
I love this place for their chicken lo mein .	chicken lo mein	neutral
Another tasty treat is the sweet and sour chicken ( with sauce on the side ) .	sweet and sour chicken	neutral
Another tasty treat is the sweet and sour chicken ( with sauce on the side ) .	sauce	neutral
The chicken with pinenuts is tasty and different .	chicken with pinenuts	neutral
Their egg rolls are great .	egg rolls	neutral
The kung pao chicken nothing to write home about , but ok .	kung pao chicken	neutral
This is a great to go or pick up place .	place	neutral
Good Irish food .	Irish food	neutral
Shepherds pie is pretty tasty .	Shepherds pie	neutral
Drinks a plenty at Erins .	Drinks	neutral
Also great music on stage .	music	neutral
Maybe just did n't hit at the right time , been here twice and both times food was n't that good .	food	neutral
were ok but wings were n't crispy .	wings	neutral
Tonight was taco night , waitress was great but not sure what the hold up was with the tacos	waitress	neutral
Tonight was taco night , waitress was great but not sure what the hold up was with the tacos	tacos	neutral
but it was a long wait .	wait	neutral
But not at all , the price is not cheap and then they were cold , and lettuce , cheese , tomato , salsa is extra .	cheese	neutral
But not at all , the price is not cheap and then they were cold , and lettuce , cheese , tomato , salsa is extra .	tomato	neutral
But not at all , the price is not cheap and then they were cold , and lettuce , cheese , tomato , salsa is extra .	salsa	neutral
I do nt think I will give Cains a 3rd chance .	Cains	neutral
I may be spoiled with my small cheap local bar , but at least the food there is great tasting and warm !	bar	neutral
I may be spoiled with my small cheap local bar , but at least the food there is great tasting and warm !	food	neutral
ok atmosphere	atmosphere	neutral
Best Vegan Mexican food in all of Las Vegas .	Vegan Mexican food	neutral
My favorites are the grilled avocado tacos , the Vegan Spicey Nachos , and the Vegan burrito .	grilled avocado tacos	neutral
My favorites are the grilled avocado tacos , the Vegan Spicey Nachos , and the Vegan burrito .	Vegan Spicey Nachos	neutral
My favorites are the grilled avocado tacos , the Vegan Spicey Nachos , and the Vegan burrito .	Vegan burrito	neutral
I love this place .	place	neutral
The interior of the restaurant is spectacular .	interior	neutral
The interior of the restaurant is spectacular .	restaurant	neutral
and it 's totally worth it considering the entree prices .	entree	neutral
Service was good as well even while we were tucked away .	Service	neutral
The rib eye salad was incredible .	rib eye salad	neutral
The dressing matches well with the fresh greens .	dressing	neutral
The dressing matches well with the fresh greens .	greens	neutral
And the meat was cooked beautifully with lots of flavor while still tender .	meat	neutral
The fried calamari was my next favorite .	fried calamari	neutral
It had a dipping marinara sauce that was kind of sweet ... maybe something like honey was added to it .	dipping	neutral
It had a dipping marinara sauce that was kind of sweet ... maybe something like honey was added to it .	marinara sauce	neutral
It worked really well with the crispy calamari .	crispy	neutral
It worked really well with the crispy calamari .	calamari	neutral
Beware of the fried chili pepper because it will be very spicy ! ! !	fried chili pepper	neutral
The pineapple fried rice was great as well .	pineapple fried rice	neutral
But I could tell that they did n't use fresh cut pineapple .	pineapple	neutral
The Tom yum soup had lots and lots of seafood .	Tom yum soup	neutral
I only wish the base was a bit tangier and spicier .	base	neutral
It was a lot for an order of the soup .	soup	neutral
Our table ordered the Pad Thai and the drunken man noodles .	drunken man	neutral
This place could be better .	place	neutral
95 for a wrap is just fair for what you get .	wrap	neutral
The portion was decent and it came with a side of pasta salad .	portion	neutral
Honestly I had higher expectations of the flavor from how tasty the menu is described - but my Tuscan was somewhat bland .	menu	neutral
Honestly I had higher expectations of the flavor from how tasty the menu is described - but my Tuscan was somewhat bland .	Tuscan	neutral
The tortilla was flavorful but the stuff inside was just okay . .	tortilla	neutral
The place has some potential though .	place	neutral
Even though it is small , they had plenty of tables and a very inviting atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
The staff was very friendly and helpful also .	staff	neutral
Overall , it is not a place to get excited over	place	neutral
The food is delicious !	food	neutral
The fish was so bad that it made the table beside us	fish	neutral
say " the more I eat this sushi the more sick	sushi	neutral
The cooked dishes were okay , did n't feel a gut wrenching churn , but once we started eating the raw fish , me and my fiancee were in and out of the washroom like alright .	cooked dishes	neutral
The cooked dishes were okay , did n't feel a gut wrenching churn , but once we started eating the raw fish , me and my fiancee were in and out of the washroom like alright .	raw fish	neutral
The only thing that kept mostly me there was the all you can eat self serve watermelon because what do you lose when you repeatedly throw up ?	all you can eat	neutral
The only thing that kept mostly me there was the all you can eat self serve watermelon because what do you lose when you repeatedly throw up ?	self serve	neutral
The only thing that kept mostly me there was the all you can eat self serve watermelon because what do you lose when you repeatedly throw up ?	watermelon	neutral
I had about a whole watermelon and like 30 orders of the deep fried custard .	deep fried custard	neutral
And the soft serve machine was n't even soft serve .	soft serve machine	neutral
I 'd rather just go buy like 3 icecream cones at an icecream truck because they know what they 're doing for $ 8 ( including that yummy chocolate dip and crushed peanuts ) .	chocolate dip	neutral
I love this place and want to give it 5 stars	place	neutral
GVR has all the elements of a satisfying resort capable of accommodating a wide range of guests .	resort	neutral
The Tea Lounge is really more an area set to the side of the lobby and in front of the Mandarin Bar .	Tea Lounge	neutral
For some reason , I was expecting to have a more secluded area .	area	neutral
The lobby does not seem to get too noisy as it is small , so I suppose it is not really an issue unless you have a disgruntled hotel employee .	lobby	neutral
Since this is Vegas , valet charge is only a tip anyways , so unless you do n't want someone driving your Bentley , then you should be okay .	valet	neutral
Due to the recession or that it 's location is pretty secluded , this place does not seem like it is too busy .	location	neutral
Due to the recession or that it 's location is pretty secluded , this place does not seem like it is too busy .	place	neutral
Basically , you can either just get a tea for $ 12 that comes with a couple of biscottis a person or you can go crazy and get the $ 35 - 40 sets that have several fancy bites .	sets	neutral
The teas are of good quality , though I actually thought that the bottom of the kettle got a bit coarse for both the Puh Er and the Jasmine .	teas	neutral
The teas are of good quality , though I actually thought that the bottom of the kettle got a bit coarse for both the Puh Er and the Jasmine .	Puh Er	neutral
Service is top notch and very delicate .	Service	neutral
The staff were all very lovely and well trained .	staff	neutral
I was caught off guard since I have n't had decent service anyway in a while .	service	neutral
The service was great and the food was so delicious !	service	neutral
The service was great and the food was so delicious !	food	neutral
I ordered the Wagyu steak and it was just delicious .	Wagyu steak	neutral
My husband had the rib eye and that was super tasty .	rib eye	neutral
Probably my favorite place to go eat at ! ! !	place	neutral
Love the chicken & mozzarella sandwich ! !	chicken & mozzarella sandwich	neutral
Great customer service as well !	customer service	neutral
The place was clean and nice .	place	neutral
Our waiter was great .	waiter	neutral
I just was n't too impressed with the food .	food	neutral
The kids portions were huge however .	portions	neutral
I was fairly content with Gyubee 's All You Can Eat !	All You Can Eat	neutral
They had a variety ( a menu that 's one page ) , but fantastic items , of a variety of beef , sweet potatoes , bibimbap , cold noodles , lettuce for lettuce wrap , mushrooms in an aluminum foil container filled with delicious butter and garlic , and much more !	menu	neutral
They had a variety ( a menu that 's one page ) , but fantastic items , of a variety of beef , sweet potatoes , bibimbap , cold noodles , lettuce for lettuce wrap , mushrooms in an aluminum foil container filled with delicious butter and garlic , and much more !	beef	neutral
They had a variety ( a menu that 's one page ) , but fantastic items , of a variety of beef , sweet potatoes , bibimbap , cold noodles , lettuce for lettuce wrap , mushrooms in an aluminum foil container filled with delicious butter and garlic , and much more !	sweet potatoes	neutral
They had a variety ( a menu that 's one page ) , but fantastic items , of a variety of beef , sweet potatoes , bibimbap , cold noodles , lettuce for lettuce wrap , mushrooms in an aluminum foil container filled with delicious butter and garlic , and much more !	bibimbap	neutral
They had a variety ( a menu that 's one page ) , but fantastic items , of a variety of beef , sweet potatoes , bibimbap , cold noodles , lettuce for lettuce wrap , mushrooms in an aluminum foil container filled with delicious butter and garlic , and much more !	cold noodles	neutral
They had a variety ( a menu that 's one page ) , but fantastic items , of a variety of beef , sweet potatoes , bibimbap , cold noodles , lettuce for lettuce wrap , mushrooms in an aluminum foil container filled with delicious butter and garlic , and much more !	mushrooms	neutral
They had a variety ( a menu that 's one page ) , but fantastic items , of a variety of beef , sweet potatoes , bibimbap , cold noodles , lettuce for lettuce wrap , mushrooms in an aluminum foil container filled with delicious butter and garlic , and much more !	container	neutral
All of the meat was excellent quality and well seasoned that I kept eating non stop !	meat	neutral
They also had delicious shrimp and squid , the shrimp has all the shells peeled for you .	shrimp	neutral
They also had delicious shrimp and squid , the shrimp has all the shells peeled for you .	squid	neutral
They also had delicious shrimp and squid , the shrimp has all the shells peeled for you .	shrimp	neutral
Dessert was creme brulee and melona .	Dessert	neutral
The creme brulee comes in a small tin foil , tasted pretty good , not watery , but obviously not up to par with dessert shops .	creme brulee	neutral
99 to be exact ) , which is n't TOO bad for such great quality meats .	meats	neutral
The staff helps each other out , the food always comes out hot and fresh , and the menu satisfies all !	staff	neutral
The staff helps each other out , the food always comes out hot and fresh , and the menu satisfies all !	food	neutral
The staff helps each other out , the food always comes out hot and fresh , and the menu satisfies all !	menu	neutral
I highly recommend this place for breakfast and always bring people in because the atmosphere is cozy and it 's a breath of fresh air to get such wonderful customer service !	place	neutral
I highly recommend this place for breakfast and always bring people in because the atmosphere is cozy and it 's a breath of fresh air to get such wonderful customer service !	atmosphere	neutral
I highly recommend this place for breakfast and always bring people in because the atmosphere is cozy and it 's a breath of fresh air to get such wonderful customer service !	customer service	neutral
Big thanks to Mike B for always making our day and also to the chefs for creating captain crunch french toast !	Mike	neutral
Big thanks to Mike B for always making our day and also to the chefs for creating captain crunch french toast !	chefs	neutral
Big thanks to Mike B for always making our day and also to the chefs for creating captain crunch french toast !	captain	neutral
Big thanks to Mike B for always making our day and also to the chefs for creating captain crunch french toast !	french toast	neutral
This place was a huge disappointment to say the least .	place	neutral
Totally awed by the grandness of Caesars Palace from the exterior , thought we might as well .	Caesars	neutral
RIDICULOUS with their lack of food options .	food	neutral
COLD on top of ice cubes , and tasted as if they 've been thawed ) , cocktail shrimp ( ok , no surprise ) , barbequed ribs ( so hard I could n't chew on it .	cocktail shrimp	neutral
COLD on top of ice cubes , and tasted as if they 've been thawed ) , cocktail shrimp ( ok , no surprise ) , barbequed ribs ( so hard I could n't chew on it .	barbequed ribs	neutral
licked the flavor and left some bite marks ) , sushi / maki ( what rolls ?	sushi	neutral
do you call that variety ? ) , roast beef , pork belly , ham , turkey , Chinese food , Mexican food , some pasta dishes , poor salad section ( so little choice of vegetable selection ) , good variety of breads and rolls , did n't see any soup section ...	roast beef	neutral
do you call that variety ? ) , roast beef , pork belly , ham , turkey , Chinese food , Mexican food , some pasta dishes , poor salad section ( so little choice of vegetable selection ) , good variety of breads and rolls , did n't see any soup section ...	pork	neutral
do you call that variety ? ) , roast beef , pork belly , ham , turkey , Chinese food , Mexican food , some pasta dishes , poor salad section ( so little choice of vegetable selection ) , good variety of breads and rolls , did n't see any soup section ...	ham	neutral
do you call that variety ? ) , roast beef , pork belly , ham , turkey , Chinese food , Mexican food , some pasta dishes , poor salad section ( so little choice of vegetable selection ) , good variety of breads and rolls , did n't see any soup section ...	Chinese food	neutral
do you call that variety ? ) , roast beef , pork belly , ham , turkey , Chinese food , Mexican food , some pasta dishes , poor salad section ( so little choice of vegetable selection ) , good variety of breads and rolls , did n't see any soup section ...	Mexican food	neutral
do you call that variety ? ) , roast beef , pork belly , ham , turkey , Chinese food , Mexican food , some pasta dishes , poor salad section ( so little choice of vegetable selection ) , good variety of breads and rolls , did n't see any soup section ...	salad section	neutral
do you call that variety ? ) , roast beef , pork belly , ham , turkey , Chinese food , Mexican food , some pasta dishes , poor salad section ( so little choice of vegetable selection ) , good variety of breads and rolls , did n't see any soup section ...	breads	neutral
do you call that variety ? ) , roast beef , pork belly , ham , turkey , Chinese food , Mexican food , some pasta dishes , poor salad section ( so little choice of vegetable selection ) , good variety of breads and rolls , did n't see any soup section ...	rolls	neutral
Only plus was the dessert section .	dessert section	neutral
Should n't we get at least a 4-star or 5-star service ?	service	neutral
I asked for paper napkin , and the waiter came back saying they were out of them and gave me a wet cloth napkin !	waiter	neutral
THIS PLACE IS NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY .	PLACE	neutral
Service has really gone downhill from the first few times I was here a couple of years ago .	Service	neutral
Went to get ayce sushi with sister today for dinner and got the worst server .	server	neutral
Yes woman I understand English , you can just answer my question , the attitude is really not what I 'm paying for .	attitude	neutral
but it made the experience so terrible that I 'd have to recommend against going to spring sushi ever .	spring sushi	neutral
I enjoyed my tofu sandwich and my fresh soy milk , but towards the end of the experience it was annoying .	tofu sandwich	neutral
I enjoyed my tofu sandwich and my fresh soy milk , but towards the end of the experience it was annoying .	fresh soy milk	neutral
We spend about an hour or two , going back and forth with the server about the card issue .	server	neutral
Servers could be less annoying , and give more space to the guest to enjoy the meal , every 10 minutes to check would 've been fine .	Servers	neutral
Better situation management would be better .	situation management	neutral
The food was great each time and the service was the best !	food	neutral
The food was great each time and the service was the best !	service	neutral
Well , I seriously have had better chicken from a can .	chicken	neutral
I got the Chicken on rice with Queso , the Queso was like water , the texture of the chicken was just weird .	Chicken on rice with Queso	neutral
I got the Chicken on rice with Queso , the Queso was like water , the texture of the chicken was just weird .	Queso	neutral
I got the Chicken on rice with Queso , the Queso was like water , the texture of the chicken was just weird .	chicken	neutral
The Squash casserole was okay , but not great .	Squash casserole	neutral
I remember I used to love the smoked pasta salad ,	smoked pasta salad	neutral
The " small " 9 inch size is huge !	small "	neutral
The " small " 9 inch size is huge !	9 inch	neutral
If I were n't such a pig , I could have been satisfied with half of my small size sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
The ingredients were fresh , and while I liked the cole - turkey version better , it was pretty good , and especially refreshing for a hot summer day !	ingredients	neutral
The ingredients were fresh , and while I liked the cole - turkey version better , it was pretty good , and especially refreshing for a hot summer day !	cole - turkey version	neutral
The soda fountain has Pepsi products , and has diet Mountain Dew as well as diet Pepsi .	soda fountain	neutral
Overall , a good choice for a sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
LOVE THIS PLACE , It has real Italian Homemade food , And the Owners are so Nice .	PLACE	neutral
LOVE THIS PLACE , It has real Italian Homemade food , And the Owners are so Nice .	Italian Homemade food	neutral
LOVE THIS PLACE , It has real Italian Homemade food , And the Owners are so Nice .	Owners	neutral
Service was very slow .	Service	neutral
Food was very bland .	Food	neutral
Just average food and average service .	food	neutral
Just average food and average service .	service	neutral
My wife 's French toast was just average .	French toast	neutral
These frozen bananas are amazing !	frozen bananas	neutral
I also like how I can get different toppings and different chocolate choices .	toppings	neutral
I also like how I can get different toppings and different chocolate choices .	chocolate	neutral
My flavor is the banana cream pie , it is absolutely Delicious !	banana cream pie	neutral
My muffin cake taste better than theirs .	muffin cake	neutral
become a Fan of J. K. Sushi on FaceBook - http://bit .	Sushi	neutral
Our family judges a Korean Restaurant by their Kimchi Jjigae , that 's the flagship dish .	Kimchi Jjigae	neutral
If the jjigae is good , then it get 's a big thumbs up us and J. K. 's has some of the best we 've tasted .	jjigae	neutral
One dish is called an Avocado Salad , I 'll post those photos , you should try it , you 'll like it .	dish	neutral
J. K. Sushi is a hidden treasure for Sushi Lovers and Bulgogi fans , I would definitely recommend J. K. 's . to anyone who enjoys great food and a friendly atmosphere .	Sushi	neutral
J. K. Sushi is a hidden treasure for Sushi Lovers and Bulgogi fans , I would definitely recommend J. K. 's . to anyone who enjoys great food and a friendly atmosphere .	food	neutral
J. K. Sushi is a hidden treasure for Sushi Lovers and Bulgogi fans , I would definitely recommend J. K. 's . to anyone who enjoys great food and a friendly atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Great beer selection , and those pork belly nachos .	beer selection	neutral
Great beer selection , and those pork belly nachos .	pork belly nachos	neutral
Pork belly nachos .	Pork belly nachos	neutral
Sometimes the pork belly is overcooked ....	pork belly	neutral
Succulent pork belly , habanero cheese sauce , picked onions .	pork belly	neutral
This is what dreams of nacho perfection are made of .	nacho	neutral
The food was top notch and the service and atmosphere amazing !	food	neutral
The food was top notch and the service and atmosphere amazing !	service	neutral
The food was top notch and the service and atmosphere amazing !	atmosphere	neutral
It 's pretty good food and amazing chocolate desserts all that come with the las Vegas price tag .	food	neutral
It 's pretty good food and amazing chocolate desserts all that come with the las Vegas price tag .	chocolate desserts	neutral
The following time we went back , are drinks tasted like some sort of cleaner .	drinks	neutral
On top of that , both nights were pretty empty but we did n't get the best service .	service	neutral
Had the street corn , oxtail empanadas , truffled mac n cheese and their big sexy burger .	street corn	neutral
Had the street corn , oxtail empanadas , truffled mac n cheese and their big sexy burger .	oxtail empanadas	neutral
Had the street corn , oxtail empanadas , truffled mac n cheese and their big sexy burger .	truffled mac n cheese	neutral
Had the street corn , oxtail empanadas , truffled mac n cheese and their big sexy burger .	burger	neutral
Service and food was excellent	Service	neutral
Service and food was excellent	food	neutral
This place is great .	place	neutral
They have really good sandwiches !	sandwiches	neutral
the turkey/ brie and the wildflower chicken salad sandwich .	turkey/ brie	neutral
the turkey/ brie and the wildflower chicken salad sandwich .	wildflower chicken salad sandwich	neutral
I ca n't exactly put my finger on it , but this place hits the spot .	place	neutral
I was kind of skeptical about trying this place at first but thought i d give it a try !	place	neutral
You can chose from different types of milks , toppings , syrups etc .	milks	neutral
You can chose from different types of milks , toppings , syrups etc .	toppings	neutral
You can chose from different types of milks , toppings , syrups etc .	syrups	neutral
I got the regular milk with fruity pebbles and some strawberries , it was DELICIOUS ! !	regular milk with	neutral
I got the regular milk with fruity pebbles and some strawberries , it was DELICIOUS ! !	fruity pebbles	neutral
Friendly , unpretentious , good old - fashioned comfort food .	comfort food	neutral
Turns out they have many amazing dishes that fit this criteria .	dishes	neutral
Alice was very attentive and responsive .	Alice	neutral
The food was outstanding on our wedding day , beautifully presented , and our guests were very pleased .	food	neutral
Also , the three gentleman from Atlasta who worked the event were INCREDIBLY gracious and helpful .	gentleman	neutral
They even set up our propane heaters for us !	propane	neutral
The food was very good and the portions are very big !	food	neutral
The food was very good and the portions are very big !	portions	neutral
Love the complimentary , fresh - baked bread they give you .	bread	neutral
The server we had was great !	server	neutral
We were very happy with our meal and overall experience .	meal	neutral
Ca n't wait for our next meal at this great restaurant !	restaurant	neutral
As soon as cool ice came up it reminded me of some good reviews I had seen in the past	cool ice	neutral
The inside of the restaurant is nice with both the chairs and walls having bright and vivid colors ( think blue , red , yellow , etc . ) .	restaurant	neutral
The inside of the restaurant is nice with both the chairs and walls having bright and vivid colors ( think blue , red , yellow , etc . ) .	chairs	neutral
The inside of the restaurant is nice with both the chairs and walls having bright and vivid colors ( think blue , red , yellow , etc . ) .	walls	neutral
For my lunch entree I decided to go with the salted pepper chicken over rice while my girlfriend had the beef noodle soup .	salted pepper chicken over rice	neutral
For my lunch entree I decided to go with the salted pepper chicken over rice while my girlfriend had the beef noodle soup .	beef noodle soup	neutral
Our dishes came out in a reasonable time and both looked good .	dishes	neutral
I first started by tasting my girlfriends dish which had a wonderful broth with a hint of spiciness at the end that the noodles took on .	dish	neutral
I first started by tasting my girlfriends dish which had a wonderful broth with a hint of spiciness at the end that the noodles took on .	broth	neutral
I first started by tasting my girlfriends dish which had a wonderful broth with a hint of spiciness at the end that the noodles took on .	noodles	neutral
Her beef was also good and for a split second	beef	neutral
The coating was a beautiful brown color and was crispy while the inside was moist and hot in temperature .	coating	neutral
I loved it and the slightly salty crust paired perfectly with it making it the tastiest chicken	crust	neutral
I loved it and the slightly salty crust paired perfectly with it making it the tastiest chicken	chicken	neutral
Finally there was the rice which had a sauce on it and was slightly sticky which made picking it up with chop sticks easier .	rice	neutral
The food was awesome for the price ( less than $ 9 an entree ) and the service friendly .	food	neutral
The food was awesome for the price ( less than $ 9 an entree ) and the service friendly .	service	neutral
I am also eagerly awaiting the warm weather so that I can try some of their shaved ice which they had pictures of on one wall .	shaved ice	neutral
My favorite sushi place !	sushi place	neutral
The sushi is fresh , portions are good and there are so many choices .	sushi	neutral
The sushi is fresh , portions are good and there are so many choices .	portions	neutral
Customer service is excellent and the restaurant is clean and nice .	Customer service	neutral
Customer service is excellent and the restaurant is clean and nice .	restaurant	neutral
The poke salmon salad is excellent .	poke salmon salad	neutral
I love this place when we were selling our house	place	neutral
the food and the drinks are great too	food	neutral
the food and the drinks are great too	drinks	neutral
Great service with excellent food .	service	neutral
Great service with excellent food .	food	neutral
Had prime rib and California chicken .	prime rib	neutral
Had prime rib and California chicken .	California chicken	neutral
Excellent assortment on the salad bar .	salad bar	neutral
Nice selection of craft beers .	craft beers	neutral
Friendly owner and staff .	owner	neutral
Friendly owner and staff .	staff	neutral
The food is good , however	food	neutral
I ordered the steak enchiladas , not bad .	steak enchiladas	neutral
My wife had the chicken quesadillas the food was good .	chicken quesadillas	neutral
The presentation and attitude of the staff left a lot to be desired .	staff	neutral
I will not be returning to this not so friendly Cafe .....	Cafe	neutral
Great calamari , excellent service .	calamari	neutral
Great calamari , excellent service .	service	neutral
Drive thru at 11 to 12 midnight is absolutely slow .	Drive	neutral
It 's a very small place , about 10 tables inside and a few on the front side walk .	place	neutral
The food is awesome .	food	neutral
I had the spaniard omelette and my friend had the quiche .	spaniard omelette	neutral
The service was very good .	service	neutral
Best Pei Wei location I 've been to .	Pei Wei	neutral
The portion size is massive , seems larger than most locations but yet it the prices are the same as other locations .	portion size	neutral
The food is fresh and hot and extremely tasty , I highly recommend this location .	food	neutral
The food is fresh and hot and extremely tasty , I highly recommend this location .	location	neutral
Well stocked store with pretty good prices .	store	neutral
The staff has always been friendly and helpful to me .	staff	neutral
Do n't normally drink alcohol , but considering I was with my friends and a really nice environment , I ordered the spicy Jalape単o Margarita	environment	neutral
Do n't normally drink alcohol , but considering I was with my friends and a really nice environment , I ordered the spicy Jalape単o Margarita	spicy Jalape単o Margarita	neutral
The drink was n't spicy at all , it had a little kick to it however .	drink	neutral
The staff are super cool , accommodating and attentive .	staff	neutral
The decor is beautiful .	decor	neutral
They have a HUGE room for private parties that sits 18 - 20 people for lunch or dinner .	private	neutral
This room is so beautiful , private and breathtaking .	room	neutral
The food is amazing ! !	food	neutral
I got the vegetarian fajita !	vegetarian fajita	neutral
The veggies were fresh and Healthy .	veggies	neutral
The whole meal was light and yummy .	meal	neutral
Awful service !	service	neutral
Will never go back food was mediocre at best .	food	neutral
I had Salmon which was honestly the best I have ever had .	Salmon	neutral
My coworker had filet minon and He said it was incredible .	filet minon	neutral
The waiter was knowledgable but seemed too busy flirting with a couple girls instead of checking in on us .	waiter	neutral
I would recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	neutral
We 're not really sure why we keep going back but the food is not very good , let me tell you .	food	neutral
The burrito bowls are always bland no matter the combination we order and the tacos are like tiny little sleeping bags of disappointment-- bland disappointment .	burrito bowls	neutral
The burrito bowls are always bland no matter the combination we order and the tacos are like tiny little sleeping bags of disappointment-- bland disappointment .	tacos	neutral
This place has the best food and great service !	food	neutral
This place has the best food and great service !	service	neutral
Good vegan food .	vegan food	neutral
Loved the music and the atmosphere .	music	neutral
Loved the music and the atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
The ninety five is ridiculous ! !	ninety five	neutral
Best sushi I'v had so far .	sushi	neutral
Awesome lunch specials too .	lunch specials	neutral
The service was brilliant , all of the TVs showing sports confused me ( disclosure , we had been in Vegas for two days at this point , I 'm from England , we normally have a maximum of one TV showing the news ) and the pizza gave me mixed feelings .	service	neutral
The service was brilliant , all of the TVs showing sports confused me ( disclosure , we had been in Vegas for two days at this point , I 'm from England , we normally have a maximum of one TV showing the news ) and the pizza gave me mixed feelings .	TVs	neutral
The service was brilliant , all of the TVs showing sports confused me ( disclosure , we had been in Vegas for two days at this point , I 'm from England , we normally have a maximum of one TV showing the news ) and the pizza gave me mixed feelings .	pizza	neutral
In the UK I have never experienced a pizza that has a puddle of grease in the middle of it .	pizza	neutral
This pizza tasted absolutely wonderful but you had to hold it up and let the grease drip off of it before attempting to eat it .	pizza	neutral
The portions were also a lot larger than we had expected .	portions	neutral
Upon finishing both my partner and I felt rather unwell and we had to rush back to our hotel room , there was far too much grease on the pizza and that caused us to feel rather nauseous .	pizza	neutral
He said the buffet at the grocery store ( Copps Food Center ) was great and Imperial Garden has the best Chinese food around .	buffet	neutral
He said the buffet at the grocery store ( Copps Food Center ) was great and Imperial Garden has the best Chinese food around .	Chinese food	neutral
and I 'm just trying to find some decent food to bring back to the hotel for me and my husband .	food	neutral
This place looked like it had good food .	place	neutral
This place looked like it had good food .	food	neutral
Thank God for Yelp .	Yelp	neutral
I ordered way too much food but it was pretty decent .	food	neutral
How did my boss describe their fish tacos ?	fish tacos	neutral
" like California Fish Taco 's " and supposedly by her standards , California makes the best fish tacos .	fish tacos	neutral
I did agree that the fish tacos were awesome .	fish tacos	neutral
The combination between the crunch of the fish and cabbage , to the soft tortilla married well .	fish	neutral
The combination between the crunch of the fish and cabbage , to the soft tortilla married well .	cabbage	neutral
The combination between the crunch of the fish and cabbage , to the soft tortilla married well .	soft	neutral
The combination between the crunch of the fish and cabbage , to the soft tortilla married well .	tortilla	neutral
As for the Tortilla Chips , they were different and crunchier than most places I 've had them from .	Tortilla Chips	neutral
Their pico degallo were the best I 've had and the guacamole , well that was just mushed avocado .	pico degallo	neutral
Their pico degallo were the best I 've had and the guacamole , well that was just mushed avocado .	guacamole	neutral
This is a Taquito drenched in their red spicy sauce .	Taquito	neutral
I 'm definitely coming back because I really want to try the corn concoction .	corn concoction	neutral
Lovely , quaint little tea house serving up bite - sized delicacies and delicious tea .	tea house	neutral
Lovely , quaint little tea house serving up bite - sized delicacies and delicious tea .	tea	neutral
I just loved the antique porcelain tea sets , all different in size / shape / color and the lace table linens .	antique porcelain tea sets	neutral
I just loved the antique porcelain tea sets , all different in size / shape / color and the lace table linens .	lace table linens	neutral
The ladies who ran the busy tea house did n't have much time to chat but managed to deliver fairly timely service and hot tea in various kettles , which they kept full throughout our stay .	service	neutral
Never felt rushed to leave which is a good thing since the high tea service takes	service	neutral
The Spicery is an 1895 historic home - turned - restaurant in downtown Glendale .	Spicery	neutral
The floors still creek and the rooms are quite small .	rooms	neutral
The bathrooms were clean which is the gold standard for eateries .	bathrooms	neutral
and they were always under foot of the busy staff in such tight quarters .	staff	neutral
The Spicery FOUR STARS is due to the lack of adequate air - conditioning .	air - conditioning	neutral
Unfortunately , I stayed fairly moist in the back room and felt the area could 've used more air circulation .	back room	neutral
Great place that you would n't expect to be in Ambridge .	place	neutral
Nice feel but less taps and beer options .	feel	neutral
Nice feel but less taps and beer options .	beer	neutral
Food Prices are decent , but the drinks are pricey .	Food	neutral
Food Prices are decent , but the drinks are pricey .	drinks	neutral
Limited menu but the food is very good .	menu	neutral
Limited menu but the food is very good .	food	neutral
Who does n't love a place that serves tots ?	place	neutral
Some recommendations - burger , Cuban , pulled pork , steak sandwich and dry wings .	burger	neutral
Some recommendations - burger , Cuban , pulled pork , steak sandwich and dry wings .	Cuban	neutral
Some recommendations - burger , Cuban , pulled pork , steak sandwich and dry wings .	pulled pork	neutral
Some recommendations - burger , Cuban , pulled pork , steak sandwich and dry wings .	steak sandwich	neutral
Some recommendations - burger , Cuban , pulled pork , steak sandwich and dry wings .	dry wings	neutral
The server was very courteous , attentive to detail and also very helpful .	server	neutral
The best service ever !	service	neutral
The complementary bread , balsamic vinegar and olive oil combo is amazing !	complementary bread , balsamic vinegar and olive oil combo	neutral
even hooked us up with free lettuce wraps ! !	lettuce	neutral
Food was good service was awesome will come back when we move next month	Food	neutral
Food was good service was awesome will come back when we move next month	service	neutral
Was such great service and great food .	service	neutral
Was such great service and great food .	food	neutral
Food is absolutely delicious and service is great .	Food	neutral
Food is absolutely delicious and service is great .	service	neutral
Orange chicken was bland , service was terible .	Orange chicken	neutral
Orange chicken was bland , service was terible .	service	neutral
The place really caught attention from the road ( nice outdoor dining garden , cool vibe , open feel ) , so we decided to find parking in back of the restaurant and give this place a try !	outdoor dining garden	neutral
The place really caught attention from the road ( nice outdoor dining garden , cool vibe , open feel ) , so we decided to find parking in back of the restaurant and give this place a try !	vibe	neutral
My girlfriend and I both ordered the southwest chopped salad with the turkey grinder ( turkey pattie ) .	southwest	neutral
So glad I went for the turkey grinder on the salad , made the salad so much more amazing !	turkey grinder	neutral
So glad I went for the turkey grinder on the salad , made the salad so much more amazing !	salad	neutral
We also ordered the PB&J to split which was SO good !	PB&J	neutral
Not your average PB&J , had caramelized bananas , toasted almonds , and raspberry jam in it .	PB&J	neutral
Portions are small here	Portions	neutral
so I definitely would recommend this place for lunch or for a quick bite .	place	neutral
As for drinks , my girlfriend got a mojito which was good but could 've had more muddled mint and lime in it than ice cubes .	mojito	neutral
I was not expecting the fish to be hanging off the plate like other notable restaurants , nor did not anticipate being served a barely two ounce piece of cod .	cod	neutral
Take it off the menu if you ca n't serve a larger portion than that .	portion	neutral
Do not order this sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
I heard about Seafood Connection about a year ago from my ecstatic son .	Seafood	neutral
He was apparently visiting a friend when the friend 's girlfriend arrived home complaining about the one hour wait to receive good from Seafood Connection .	Seafood	neutral
You jump up when the cashier says ok , taking orders now and basically line up around the bar in the order you arrived .	cashier	neutral
To end , that C - note was 3 meals for me ! !	C	neutral
So much food and so fresh and delicious!!!. Ppl will pay for quality and quantity also at Seafood Connection .	food	neutral
So much food and so fresh and delicious!!!. Ppl will pay for quality and quantity also at Seafood Connection .	Seafood Connection	neutral
Love this place .	place	neutral
I loved my omelette .	omelette	neutral
Bloody Mary 's are great here too .	Bloody Mary 's	neutral
Exceptional meal here .	meal	neutral
excellent service .	service	neutral
delicious food .	food	neutral
By far the BEST chinese food in Vegas !	chinese food	neutral
I love everything and everything on the menu .	menu	neutral
Salt and pepper pork chops/ green beans with xo sauce .	xo sauce	neutral
The salt and pepper pork chops are no words describe except need too try it .	salt and pepper pork chops	neutral
It crispy on the outside with prefect light crispy type batter , the inside is spot on moist , and the flavor there sooo much depth .	batter	neutral
U bite into crispy outside crust then hit moist spot on cook pork chop and combine it with salt / pepper flavors .	outside	neutral
U bite into crispy outside crust then hit moist spot on cook pork chop and combine it with salt / pepper flavors .	crust	neutral
U bite into crispy outside crust then hit moist spot on cook pork chop and combine it with salt / pepper flavors .	pork chop	neutral
The string beans with xo sauce can say EXACT same thing feel eat it .	string beans with xo sauce	neutral
The greens beans nice green , fresh , spot on cook bean that snap into them , and the sauce that the key nice spicy but not too much .	greens	neutral
The greens beans nice green , fresh , spot on cook bean that snap into them , and the sauce that the key nice spicy but not too much .	sauce	neutral
I also like their mongolian beef , and any of noodle dishes are excellent !	mongolian beef	neutral
The waitress sometimes hit or miss keeping up with your drinks being filled .	waitress	neutral
Overall never had problem with the waitstaff .	waitstaff	neutral
You should try their Kabob Koobideh !	Kabob Koobideh	neutral
Only because they do n't serve kabobs there .	kabobs	neutral
The food , the decor , the staff , the music , everything is amazing .	food	neutral
The food , the decor , the staff , the music , everything is amazing .	decor	neutral
The food , the decor , the staff , the music , everything is amazing .	staff	neutral
The food , the decor , the staff , the music , everything is amazing .	music	neutral
The restaurant was honestly very aesthetic pleasing except I wish we made earlier reservation to sit and admire the place more than sitting at the bar .	restaurant	neutral
I was going through their pictures to see what their food looked like on instagram / google and decide what to get .	food	neutral
I was super excited about their " Tartare " based on their presentation and my love for avocado , but also for my foodie instagram .	Tartare	neutral
I was super excited about their " Tartare " based on their presentation and my love for avocado , but also for my foodie instagram .	avocado	neutral
You would think they would ask you at a fancy restaurant before doing anything .	restaurant	neutral
the food was good , but it would of been better if she did n't butchered my food .	food	neutral
( picture " A " is what my food is suppose to look like , and picture	food	neutral
" B " is what the server decided to do without asking me "	server	neutral
Love this place !	place	neutral
The spinach tempura salad is one of the best appetizers I 've eaten in years .	spinach tempura salad	neutral
The interior is small but cozy and would be perfect if you are on a date or meeting with friends .	interior	neutral
It 's not pretentious but it does however have a sophisticated atmosphere .	atmosphere	neutral
Although this place has been hyped for its ' fries in the sandwich ' concept , I do not enjoy it any more than five guys .	fries in the sandwich	neutral
You want authentic Delhi Butter Chicken - sweetish , red in color as opposed to the orange - ish North American variant , fresh ?	Delhi Butter Chicken	neutral
This resraurant will serve you it and more with soft white rice and let 's not forget to order the fluffy naans .	naans	neutral
For an Indian food first timer , I highly suggest opting for the meat combo ( $ 16 .	Indian	neutral
For an Indian food first timer , I highly suggest opting for the meat combo ( $ 16 .	meat combo	neutral
It 's a platter of Tandoori chicken ( think dry bbq chicken ) , Reshmi Kebab ( soft kebabs ) , Lamb Tikka , Tandoori prawn ( dry ) , Butter Chicken ( the best , you 'll want more ) , pulao rice , vegetable curry , and naan bread .	Reshmi	neutral
It 's a platter of Tandoori chicken ( think dry bbq chicken ) , Reshmi Kebab ( soft kebabs ) , Lamb Tikka , Tandoori prawn ( dry ) , Butter Chicken ( the best , you 'll want more ) , pulao rice , vegetable curry , and naan bread .	Lamb	neutral
It 's a platter of Tandoori chicken ( think dry bbq chicken ) , Reshmi Kebab ( soft kebabs ) , Lamb Tikka , Tandoori prawn ( dry ) , Butter Chicken ( the best , you 'll want more ) , pulao rice , vegetable curry , and naan bread .	Butter Chicken	neutral
It 's a platter of Tandoori chicken ( think dry bbq chicken ) , Reshmi Kebab ( soft kebabs ) , Lamb Tikka , Tandoori prawn ( dry ) , Butter Chicken ( the best , you 'll want more ) , pulao rice , vegetable curry , and naan bread .	vegetable curry	neutral
He wanted to try some different types of Indian food , hence the order .	Indian food	neutral
Else , I 'd just order rice , naan and a large portion of butter chicken .	butter chicken	neutral
Apart from the food , the restaurant is small but immaculate and classy in appearance .	restaurant	neutral
The menu was a cute and had mostly Italian dishes .	menu	neutral
I ordered the pizza with prosciutto & buratta , it was filling and delicious .	pizza with	neutral
I ordered the pizza with prosciutto & buratta , it was filling and delicious .	prosciutto & buratta	neutral
The service on the other had is what brought this review down .	service	neutral
The staff were friendly but the wait times for food are ridiculous .	staff	neutral
The staff were friendly but the wait times for food are ridiculous .	wait times	neutral
The staff were friendly but the wait times for food are ridiculous .	food	neutral
The food is delicious , will go back and try the other items but was taken back by the one waiter who was handling 10 tables at a time .	food	neutral
The food is delicious , will go back and try the other items but was taken back by the one waiter who was handling 10 tables at a time .	waiter	neutral
The food was good , but not good enough to make up for the terrible service .	food	neutral
The food was good , but not good enough to make up for the terrible service .	service	neutral
When we walked in the owner seemed more annoyed that she had another table to deal with than excited to have our business .	owner	neutral
The food and wine was very slow to come out , and our server did n't come to check on us that often .	food	neutral
The food and wine was very slow to come out , and our server did n't come to check on us that often .	wine	neutral
The food and wine was very slow to come out , and our server did n't come to check on us that often .	server	neutral
Some of our favorites are the Steak ' n	Steak ' n	neutral
Bleu salad , Cheese Crosstini , mozzarella and pistachio , meatball sandwich , and most of the pasta dishes .	Cheese Crosstini	neutral
Bleu salad , Cheese Crosstini , mozzarella and pistachio , meatball sandwich , and most of the pasta dishes .	mozzarella and pistachio	neutral
Bleu salad , Cheese Crosstini , mozzarella and pistachio , meatball sandwich , and most of the pasta dishes .	meatball sandwich	neutral
Bleu salad , Cheese Crosstini , mozzarella and pistachio , meatball sandwich , and most of the pasta dishes .	pasta dishes	neutral
8 " Margarhita pizza $ 5 , Zucchini Chips $ 2	Margarhita pizza	neutral
8 " Margarhita pizza $ 5 , Zucchini Chips $ 2	Zucchini	neutral
, Mozzarella salad $ 5 , and wine $ 5 ea .	Mozzarella salad	neutral
, Mozzarella salad $ 5 , and wine $ 5 ea .	wine	neutral
In the two times we 've ordered from this place , we requested the pizza to be cut in slices and not those little squares .	pizza	neutral
The pizza itself was good , but would be better if it were n't cut into squares .	pizza	neutral
We were very intrigued by the restaurant name & the dishes ( named after politicians ) & we decided to go .	dishes	neutral
We were among the first few customers & locating the restaurant was very confusing .	restaurant	neutral
It is very dimly lit & with the small space feels very dark .	space	neutral
The music was very loud & gave us bad headaches .	music	neutral
One Burger & 2 Poutine dishes .	Burger	neutral
One Burger & 2 Poutine dishes .	Poutine dishes	neutral
Food was pretty good & we enjoyed it .	Food	neutral
I 'm a vegetarian , not a vegan , but I still love this place .	place	neutral
That 's why I like The Flaming Ice Cube .	Flaming Ice	neutral
Their hummus is very delicious , smooth and flavorful .	hummus	neutral
I was expecting the veggie burger to be like many of the others I had had in Cleveland-	veggie burger	neutral
I 'm not a fan of those burgers at all ( I would rather eat cardboard than those at a barbecue ) , but these were actually good .	burgers	neutral
The patty is also pretty thick , making for a big burger .	patty	neutral
The patty is also pretty thick , making for a big burger .	burger	neutral
I give this place a 2 stars because the filet mignon sandwich was tender , but lacked flavor	filet mignon sandwich	neutral
, we sat at the bar stools with a friend for lunch and the bartender was quite rude	bartender	neutral
, I probably wo n't go back service is super high on my expectations and it sucked here .	service	neutral
This is not the most beautiful place in the world .	place	neutral
However , the bread is DELICIOUS !	bread	neutral
All bagels , challas , biscottis and pastries are excellent .	bagels	neutral
All bagels , challas , biscottis and pastries are excellent .	challas	neutral
All bagels , challas , biscottis and pastries are excellent .	biscottis	neutral
All bagels , challas , biscottis and pastries are excellent .	pastries	neutral
Good food , but eat it somewhere else !	food	neutral
Very good steakhouse .	steakhouse	neutral
Typical old school steakhouse ambience and service .	steakhouse	neutral
Typical old school steakhouse ambience and service .	ambience	neutral
Typical old school steakhouse ambience and service .	service	neutral
Started with six very nice oysters .	oysters	neutral
For a main , had the bone in large rib eye .	rib eye	neutral
I found the wine list light on reasonably priced options , though we did have a very nice Frank Family Zinfindal .	wine list	neutral
I found the wine list light on reasonably priced options , though we did have a very nice Frank Family Zinfindal .	Frank Family	neutral
My only disappointment was a side order of saut辿ed onions , which were n't very good .	saut辿ed onions	neutral
The steak , though , made it an excellent evening .	steak	neutral
Definitely my favorite place to get Vietnamese food .	Vietnamese food	neutral
Some other places offer great pho , but not much else after that .	pho	neutral
Other places offer not so great pho , while offering other great Vietnamese dishes .	pho	neutral
Other places offer not so great pho , while offering other great Vietnamese dishes .	Vietnamese dishes	neutral
This place offers both .	place	neutral
The pho especially has great broth , which is served piping hot .	pho	neutral
The pho especially has great broth , which is served piping hot .	broth	neutral
And the portions are pretty decent for the prices .	portions	neutral
The restaurant itself is pretty clean as well , something you might not find at other establishments .	restaurant	neutral
Service is a hit or a miss for me though .	Service	neutral
80 % of the time service is better than most other establishments .	service	neutral
The other 20 % is n't bad service , just mediocre .	service	neutral
Do n't forget o get Vietnamese coffee when you go .	Vietnamese coffee	neutral
On the bright side , the award winning Bacon Mac n Cheese burger and quad fries were among the selected moonlight survivors .	Bacon Mac n Cheese burger	neutral
On the bright side , the award winning Bacon Mac n Cheese burger and quad fries were among the selected moonlight survivors .	quad fries	neutral
Las Vegas has become a Mecca for gourmet burgers and Guy 's spot is a strong contributor .	burgers	neutral
Las Vegas has become a Mecca for gourmet burgers and Guy 's spot is a strong contributor .	Guy	neutral
The only thing preventing me from giving this place the 5 stars it deserves is the cost .	place	neutral
Gordon Ramsay 's " Burgr " has to be considered a strong rival and my comparable burger there was $ 6 less , leaving enough left over to add their incredible Oreo creme br短l辿e milk shake .	Burgr	neutral
Gordon Ramsay 's " Burgr " has to be considered a strong rival and my comparable burger there was $ 6 less , leaving enough left over to add their incredible Oreo creme br短l辿e milk shake .	burger	neutral
Gordon Ramsay 's " Burgr " has to be considered a strong rival and my comparable burger there was $ 6 less , leaving enough left over to add their incredible Oreo creme br短l辿e milk shake .	Oreo creme br短l辿e milk shake	neutral
Gordon 's patties are smaller but thicker and Guy 's are bigger but thiner .	Gordon	neutral
Gordon 's patties are smaller but thicker and Guy 's are bigger but thiner .	patties	neutral
Gordon 's patties are smaller but thicker and Guy 's are bigger but thiner .	Guy	neutral
Depending on how you like your burger prepared this could drastically affect your experience .	burger	neutral
I mean , I personally would n't want a one inch thick " well done " burger or a quarter inch thick burger done " medium rare .	burger	neutral
I mean , I personally would n't want a one inch thick " well done " burger or a quarter inch thick burger done " medium rare .	burger	neutral
If you do it right the $ 19 you pay for your burger will save you $ 50 + in the casino .	burger	neutral
I feel sorry for the waiters .	waiters	neutral
The food was amazing , only thing I can say is maybe a kids meal option ?	food	neutral
Service was excellent !	Service	neutral
Great place to people watch and a nice selection of wines .	place	neutral
Great place to people watch and a nice selection of wines .	selection of	neutral
Great place to people watch and a nice selection of wines .	wines	neutral
Bruschetta was good , not remarkable .	Bruschetta	neutral
Service was slow but it was a very crowded Saturday night .	Service	neutral
This is a great new bar to the area .	bar	neutral
The service has always been really good especially when they are pretty busy .	service	neutral
The food has not been a let down either .	food	neutral
I recommend the wings and the Philly cheese steak .	wings	neutral
I recommend the wings and the Philly cheese steak .	Philly cheese steak	neutral
They really have a great TV setup and management does not mind putting a game on for you at all .	TV	neutral
They really have a great TV setup and management does not mind putting a game on for you at all .	management	neutral
Just tried this restaurant for the first time today .	restaurant	neutral
Tasty lunch of the ' Confused Reuben ' which has traditional pastrami , but adds in roasted turkey .	Confused Reuben	neutral
Tasty lunch of the ' Confused Reuben ' which has traditional pastrami , but adds in roasted turkey .	pastrami	neutral
Swiss is there , which is also standard ; and of course , sauerkraut and Russian dressing .	Swiss	neutral
Swiss is there , which is also standard ; and of course , sauerkraut and Russian dressing .	Russian dressing	neutral
I chose the sweet potato fries as a side , and they came sprinkled with cinnamon .	sweet potato fries	neutral
Tasty , even with the ranch !	ranch	neutral
I even had room to try the cannoli , a favorite of mine .	cannoli	neutral
Place seemed like it might have tight corners , and on the way out , the door had a lip on the bottom that meant I had to force the scooter over .	Place	neutral
Place seemed like it might have tight corners , and on the way out , the door had a lip on the bottom that meant I had to force the scooter over .	door	neutral
Sandwich selection was limited to Roast Beef which was drier than the Saraha .	Sandwich selection	neutral
Sandwich selection was limited to Roast Beef which was drier than the Saraha .	Roast Beef	neutral
50 for a small bottle of water .	bottle of water	neutral
Loved the service and variety of dishes !	service	neutral
Loved the service and variety of dishes !	dishes	neutral
Food was good quality and service was impeccable	Food	neutral
Food was good quality and service was impeccable	service	neutral
I had coconut shrimp , which was good , and had a lot more shrimp than I was expecting .	coconut shrimp	neutral
They are good about substituting the side dishes .	side dishes	neutral
A friend who lives in the area took us here because the portions are always good enough to have leftovers .	portions	neutral
He enjoyed his buffalo meatloaf with portabello mushrooms .	buffalo meatloaf with portabello mushrooms	neutral
The bread was good , but they did n't bring more .	bread	neutral
The server seemed upset because we did n't order alcohol .	server	neutral
The place is a little loud , but has nice decor .	place	neutral
The place is a little loud , but has nice decor .	decor	neutral
Top notch food .	food	neutral
Very good service .	service	neutral
Get the meatloaf - best I 've ever had !	meatloaf	neutral
There was nothing Pronto about this Pizza .	Pizza	neutral
They do n't serve slices and are n't at all friendly about being asked .	slices	neutral
Their Gyros are not made with the actual spinning Gyro thing , which is what makes Gyros in Pitt delicious .	Gyros	neutral
Their Gyros are not made with the actual spinning Gyro thing , which is what makes Gyros in Pitt delicious .	Gyro	neutral
Their Gyros are not made with the actual spinning Gyro thing , which is what makes Gyros in Pitt delicious .	Gyros	neutral
The bacon wrapped ribeye is delicious , so full of flavor !	bacon wrapped ribeye	neutral
My friend had the salmon it was very good as well !	salmon	neutral
Great food and nice atmosphere !	food	neutral
Great food and nice atmosphere !	atmosphere	neutral
There is nothing like a cafeteria .	cafeteria	neutral
The cafeteria is the great social schism .	cafeteria	neutral
I had the lamb and beef thali .	lamb	neutral
I had the lamb and beef thali .	beef thali	neutral
I tasted a well blend of mustard seeds , cumin , chili and cloves .	mustard	neutral
Well portioned and the spinach side dish was also of equivalent amount .	spinach side dish	neutral
I never enjoy the papadam or any , not just theirs .	papadam	neutral
Ca n't be upset about that tho , it 's a breakfast place , it should be that way .	breakfast	neutral
The waitress we had was n't very knowledgeable about the menu .	waitress	neutral
I order the huevos rancheros and did n't get any salsa .	huevos rancheros	neutral
My friend order the cheese omelet and was pretty satisfied , just should have all the reviews first .	cheese omelet	neutral
She wanted to get the corn need hash but only likes canned , which they have but the waitress told us they did n't ..	waitress	neutral
OK Jimmy John 's is the best of the chain sub shops i will give you that .	Jimmy John	neutral
Now the service .. it is a sandwich shop do not expect much and you will not be dissapointed .	service	neutral
I would prefer a bitchy person making the better sandwich rather than a sweet person making a crappy sandwich ....	sandwich	neutral
I would prefer a bitchy person making the better sandwich rather than a sweet person making a crappy sandwich ....	sandwich	neutral
Good service NEVER overcomes garbage food .... get it Subway .	service	neutral
Good service NEVER overcomes garbage food .... get it Subway .	food	neutral
I will go to a NY deli and get screamed at from the moment you walk in for the quality sandwich ...	sandwich	neutral
Honey dripped BS from Subway employees still equals a shitty sandwich .	sandwich	neutral
The Lazy Dog is now my all time favorite restaurant .	Lazy Dog	neutral
Their food is incredible .	food	neutral
It has a ton of different types of food	food	neutral
Most restaurants usually suck at some different types of cuisines but this place has nailed them all down .	cuisines	neutral
Before we get into the specifics of food , let 's go over the ambience .	food	neutral
Before we get into the specifics of food , let 's go over the ambience .	ambience	neutral
and there 's a big bar in the center .	bar	neutral
For my drink I tried the sangria sampler and	sangria sampler	neutral
I also ended my night with a snow cap that was pretty good !	snow cap	neutral
I 'm generally not a huge fan of night caps but this one hit the spot in all the right ways .	night	neutral
Food time .	Food	neutral
I ordered the pot roast beef tip and holy crap it was the best thing I 've ever tasted .	pot roast beef tip	neutral
It comes with crispy fries , broth for dipping , and a delicious roast beef sandwich with melted cheese and caramelized onions .	fries	neutral
It comes with crispy fries , broth for dipping , and a delicious roast beef sandwich with melted cheese and caramelized onions .	broth	neutral
It comes with crispy fries , broth for dipping , and a delicious roast beef sandwich with melted cheese and caramelized onions .	roast beef sandwich	neutral
By far the best roast beef sandwich in town .	roast beef sandwich	neutral
My husband ordered the sweet and spicey shrimp and it was a million times better than PF Changs .	sweet and spicey shrimp	neutral
And I 'm a woman that loves her PF Changs .	PF Changs	neutral
The food is too good to pass up !	food	neutral
This is my go to place for Greek food ! !	place	neutral
This is my go to place for Greek food ! !	Greek food	neutral
I love their vegetarian options .	vegetarian	neutral
I love the veggie pita , the Greek fries and the spanikopita ( spinach ) plate , ooh and the Greek pizza .	veggie pita	neutral
I love the veggie pita , the Greek fries and the spanikopita ( spinach ) plate , ooh and the Greek pizza .	Greek fries	neutral
I love the veggie pita , the Greek fries and the spanikopita ( spinach ) plate , ooh and the Greek pizza .	spanikopita ( spinach ) plate	neutral
I love the veggie pita , the Greek fries and the spanikopita ( spinach ) plate , ooh and the Greek pizza .	Greek pizza	neutral
The salads are green , the salad dressing is very tasty , everything does n't taste like it 's just been sitting out all day , then warmed up .	salads	neutral
The salads are green , the salad dressing is very tasty , everything does n't taste like it 's just been sitting out all day , then warmed up .	salad dressing	neutral
Oh , and i love the cucumber dipping sauce that comes with the spanikopita ...	cucumber dipping sauce	neutral
Oh , and i love the cucumber dipping sauce that comes with the spanikopita ...	spanikopita	neutral
Any time , a meal for 2 is about $ 20 ...	meal	neutral
Oh and omg , I forgot to mention their baklava .	baklava	neutral
The owner , the son and the staff are very friendly and they take pride in their business .	staff	neutral
I also love taking my friends and family who are from out of town to this place .	place	neutral
Give it a try , even the vegetarian menu , I know you will like it too ! !	vegetarian menu	neutral
The service is decent here , I would rave about it .	service	neutral
The food is a bit pricey in my opinion .	food	neutral
Pizza is okay .	Pizza	neutral
I have heard the steakhouse is decent	steakhouse	neutral
We ordered the thin crust , Numerous Uno pizza .	pizza	neutral
We like the crust to be a little more crispy .	crust	neutral
Not so crispy crust .	crust	neutral
We also ordered the Caesar salad with chicken added and the antipasto salad ...	Caesar	neutral
We also ordered the Caesar salad with chicken added and the antipasto salad ...	chicken	neutral
We also ordered the Caesar salad with chicken added and the antipasto salad ...	antipasto salad	neutral
The salads were excellent .	salads	neutral
Loved the crust : tasty and soft .	crust	neutral
I had the pig destroyer and the nacho pizza .	pig destroyer	neutral
I had the pig destroyer and the nacho pizza .	nacho pizza	neutral
The pig destroyer was tasty but a bit heavy ( for me ) .	pig destroyer	neutral
I thought the nacho pizza was great and should make it on the rotation .	nacho pizza	neutral
The pizza slices were flavourful and full of toppings .	pizza slices	neutral
Between the two flavours I liked the nacho pizza better because it tasted exactly as I thought a nacho pizza would taste whereas the pig destroyer , while tasty , does n't quite taste like a meat lovers pizza ( I 'm a relatively new vegan so while I have no interest in eating omni , I remember the flavour profile ) .	nacho pizza	neutral
Between the two flavours I liked the nacho pizza better because it tasted exactly as I thought a nacho pizza would taste whereas the pig destroyer , while tasty , does n't quite taste like a meat lovers pizza ( I 'm a relatively new vegan so while I have no interest in eating omni , I remember the flavour profile ) .	pig destroyer	neutral
I also had the doughnuts .	doughnuts	neutral
The texture of the doughnuts surprised me too because they were light and springy , and had a different texture than doughnuts I 've had previously ( probably the effect of lard ) .	doughnuts	neutral
But I liked that these doughnuts tasted lighter as well .	doughnuts	neutral
I noticed the island pizza was popular	island pizza	neutral
